20-F 1 stratasys_20f.htm ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUERS UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 20-F (Mark One)
o | REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013
OR
o | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
o | SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this
shell company report................................................ Commission file number:
001-35751 STRATASYS
LTD. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) Not
Applicable (Translation of Registrant’s name into English) Israel (Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) c/o Stratasys, Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 | 2 Holtzman Street, Science Park P.O. Box 2496 Rehovot, Israel 76124 (Address of Principal
Executive Offices) Shane Glenn, Vice President, Investor Relations Tel: (952) 294-3416 E-mail:
shane.glenn@stratasys.com 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota
55344 (Name, Telephone, E-mail
and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or
to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Ordinary Shares, nominal value | NASDAQ Global Select Market
NIS 0.01 per share Securities registered or to
be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None (Title of Class) Securities for which there
is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act. None (Title of Class) Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes
of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual
report: 49,211,075 Ordinary Shares, NIS 0.01 nominal value, at December 31,
2013. Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes x No ¨ If this report is an annual or transition
report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if
any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232,405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer x | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer ¨ Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used
to prepare the financial statements included in this filing: US GAAP x | International Financial Reporting Standards as issued | Other ¨
by the International Accounting Standards Board ¨ If
“Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check
mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item
17 ¨ Item 18 ¨ If this is an annual report, indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). Yes ¨ No x EXPLANATORY NOTE This annual
report on Form 20-F, or this annual report, is being filed by the registrant,
Stratasys Ltd., an Israeli company. We were organized in Israel on March 3,
1998, initially under the name Objet Geometries Ltd., and we changed our name in
2011 to Objet Ltd. On December 1, 2012, we completed a merger with Stratasys,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as the Stratasys-Objet merger.
Pursuant to the Stratasys-Objet merger, Stratasys, Inc. became our indirect,
wholly-owned subsidiary and we changed our name to Stratasys Ltd., and each
share of the common stock of Stratasys, Inc. issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet merger was canceled and
automatically converted into the right to receive one of our ordinary shares.
Also, as part of the Stratasys-Objet merger, our ordinary shares were listed on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol “SSYS”, in place of the
listing of Stratasys, Inc.’s common stock, which had also traded on The NASDAQ
Global Select Market under that symbol. Although the Stratasys-Objet merger was structured as a reverse merger of
Stratasys, Inc. with and into an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Objet
Ltd., Stratasys, Inc. was treated as the acquiring company in the merger for
accounting purposes and the Stratasys-Objet merger is accounted for as a reverse
acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business
combinations. As a result, the historical financial statements of Stratasys,
Inc. for periods up until the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet merger on
December 1, 2012 are our historical financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements of the registrant included in this annual report include
the operations of Stratasys Ltd. (formerly Objet Ltd.) only for the month of
December 2012, because the merger was consummated on December 1, 2012. Notwithstanding the above, given the significance of the Stratasys-Objet
merger, we encourage you to review the separate historical financial statements
of Objet Ltd. for information related to the historical results of operations
and financial condition of Objet Ltd. Those separate financial statements were
included in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the registrant’s
Registration Statement on Form F-4, initially filed by the registrant with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2012, and in Exhibit 99.1 to the
Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K filed by the registrant on
September 3, 2013. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references
to “Stratasys,” “our company,” “the Company,” “the combined company,” “the
registrant,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as
Objet Ltd.), and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to “Objet” generally
refer to Objet Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective
time of the Stratasys-Objet merger on December 1, 2012. We also use “Objet” to
refer to the line of products previously sold by Objet Ltd. and the related
current, ongoing operations that have continued following the Stratasys-Objet
merger. References to “Stratasys, Inc.” generally refer to Stratasys, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective
time of the Stratasys-Objet merger, but sometimes (as the context requires)
refer to our current, ongoing operations of our Stratasys, Inc. subsidiary. The
historical financial information set forth in this annual report, unless
otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, reflects the consolidated
results of operations and financial position of: (i) Stratasys, Inc. prior to
the merger; and (ii) Stratasys Ltd. since the Stratasys-Objet merger. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all numbers and prices in this annual
report related to ordinary shares and options of our company that predated the
effectiveness of the Stratasys-Objet merger have been adjusted to reflect the
1-for-8.691 reverse stock split that was effected with respect to all of Objet’s
outstanding ordinary shares immediately prior to the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
USE OF TRADE NAMES | 2
CERTAIN ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONVENTIONS | 3
PART I
ITEM 1. | IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. | 3
ITEM 2. | OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. | 3
ITEM 3. | KEY INFORMATION. | 3
A. | Selected Financial Data | 4
B. | Not applicable
C. | Not applicable
D. | Risk Factors | 6
ITEM 4. | INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY. | 27
A. | History and Development of the Company | 27
B. | Business Overview | 28
C. | Organizational Structure | 47
D. | Property, Plants and Equipment | 48
ITEM 4A. | UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 49
ITEM 5. | OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. | 49
A. | Operating Results | 49
B. | Liquidity and Capital Resources | 72
C. | Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, Etc. | 74
D. | Trend Information | 74
E. | Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements | 74
F. | Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations | 75
ITEM 6. | DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES. | 76
A. | Directors and Senior Management | 76
B. | Compensation | 79
C. | Board Practices | 80
D. | Employees | 92
E. | Share Ownership | 93
ITEM 7. | MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. | 98
A. | Major Shareholders | 98
B. | Related Party Transactions | 100
C. | Not applicable
ITEM 8. | FINANCIAL INFORMATION. | 102
A. | Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information | 102
B. | Significant Changes | 104
ITEM 9. | THE OFFER AND LISTING. | 105
A. | Listing Details | 105
B. | Not applicable
C. | Markets | 106
D. | Not applicable
E. | Not applicable
F. | Not applicable
ITEM 10. | ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. | 106
A. | Not applicable
B. | Memorandum and Articles of Association | 106
C. | Material Contracts | 113
D. | Exchange Controls | 113
E. | Taxation | 113
F. | Not applicable G. | Not applicable
H. | Documents on Display | 121
I. | Not applicable
ITEM 11. | QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. | 122
ITEM 12. | DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. | 123
PART II
ITEM 13. | DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES. | 123
ITEM 14. | MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE
OF PROCEEDS. | 123
ITEM 15. | CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 123
ITEM 16A. | AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. | 124
ITEM 16B. | CODE OF ETHICS. | 124
ITEM 16C. | PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. | 124
ITEM 16D. | EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. | 125
ITEM 16E. | PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS. | 125
ITEM 16F. | CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. | 125
ITEM 16G. | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 126
ITEM 16H. | MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. | 126
PART III
ITEM 17. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 127
ITEM 18. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 128
ITEM 19. | EXHIBITS. | 129
SIGNATURES. | 132 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain
information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report may be
deemed to be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking
statements are often characterized by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“believe,” “should,” “intend,” “project” or other similar words, but are not the
only way these statements are identified. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to,
statements relating to our objectives, plans and strategies, statements that
contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition and all
statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities,
events or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate
will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
are subject to risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking
statements on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of
their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors they believe to be
appropriate. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and
business decisions to differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements include, among other things: our ability to efficiently
 and successfully integrate the operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet Ltd.
 after their merger (as well as MakerBot (as defined below) and other companies
 we may acquire) ; the overall global economic
 environment; the impact of competition and new
 technologies; general market, political and economic conditions
 in the countries in which we operate; projected capital expenditures and
 liquidity; changes in our strategy; government regulations and
 approvals; changes in customers’ budgeting
 priorities; litigation and regulatory proceedings;
 and those factors referred to in Item 3.D “Key
 Information - Risk Factors”, Item 4 “Information on the Company”, and Item 5
 “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”, as well as in this annual
 report generally. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various
disclosures made throughout this annual report, which are designed to advise
interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 1 Any
forward-looking statements in this annual report are made as of the date hereof,
and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. USE OF TRADE NAMES Unless the context otherwise indicates or requires, “Stratasys,” ,” “For
a 3D World,” “Objet,” “PolyJet,” “Connex,” “FDM”, “Fortus,” “Dimension,” “ Mojo,”
“Eden,” “FullCure,” “Redeye,” “Solidscape, ” “MakerBot,” “Thingiverse,”
“Replicator,” ,“Digitizer,” and all product names and trade names used by us in this annual
report are our trademarks and service marks, which may be registered in certain
jurisdictions. Although we have omitted the “®” and “TM” trademark designations
for such marks in this annual report, all rights to such trademarks and service
marks are nevertheless reserved. Furthermore, the “Stratasys” and “Objet” design
logos are our property. This annual report contains additional trade names,
trademarks and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or
display of other companies’ tradenames, trademarks or service marks to imply a
relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other
companies. 2 CERTAIN ADDITIONAL TERMS AND
CONVENTIONS In this annual
report, unless the context otherwise requires: references to the
 “Stratasys-Objet merger” refer to the merger consummated on December 1, 2012
 whereby Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, merged with and into an
 indirect, wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of Objet Ltd. (now known as
 Stratasys Ltd.), an Israeli company, with Stratasys, Inc. surviving the merger
 and becoming an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet (which changed its
 name to Stratasys Ltd. at that time); references to the “Stratasys-Objet merger
 agreement” refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13,
 2012, as amended, by and among Stratasys, Inc.; Objet Ltd.; Seurat Holdings
 Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet
 (“Holdco”); and Oaktree Merger Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct,
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco, pursuant to which the merger was
 consummated; references to the “MakerBot transaction” refer to
 the merger consummated on August 15, 2013 whereby Cooperation Technology
 Corporation, a Delaware corporation (now known as Baccio Corporation), or
 MakerBot, which is the direct parent company of MakerBot Industries, LLC,
 merged with and into an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.,
 with MakerBot becoming an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Stratasys
 Ltd.; references to “ordinary shares”, “our shares” and
 similar expressions refer to the Company’s Ordinary Shares, nominal value NIS
 0.01 per share; references to “dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “U.S. $”
 and “$” are to United States Dollars; references to “shekels” and “NIS” are to New
 Israeli Shekels, the Israeli currency; references to the “articles” or “amended articles”
 are to our Amended and Restated Articles of Association, which became
 effective upon the closing of the merger, as subsequently
 amended; references to the “Companies Law” are to Israel’s
 Companies Law, 5759-1999, as amended; references to the “Securities Act” are to the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended; references to the “Exchange Act” are to the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; references to “NASDAQ” are to the Nasdaq Stock
 Market; and references to the “SEC” are to the United States
 Securities and Exchange Commission. PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR
MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. Not
Applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED
TIMETABLE. Not Applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION. 3 A. Selected Financial
Data. Stratasys, Inc.
was treated as the acquiring company in the Stratasys-Objet merger for
accounting purposes and the Stratasys-Objet merger was accounted for as a
reverse acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business
combinations. As a result, the historical financial statements of Stratasys,
Inc. prior to the effective time of the merger on December 1, 2012 became our
historical financial statements. The consolidated financial statements included
in this annual report include the operations of Stratasys Ltd. (formerly Objet
Ltd.) for all of 2013 and for only one month of 2012 (December 2012) because the
Stratasys-Objet merger was consummated on December 1, 2012. Therefore, the
following selected consolidated financial data reflects the consolidated results
of operations and financial position of Stratasys, Inc. as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. For 2013 and 2012, the balance sheet
data presented below reflects the financial position of Stratasys Ltd. as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and the consolidated statement of
operations data reflect the results of operations of Stratasys, Inc. from
January 1 through November 30, 2012, and the combined company from December 1
through December 31, 2012 and for the year ended December 31, 2013. 4 The historical selected consolidated statement of operations data for the
years 2013, 2012 and 2011, and the selected consolidated balance sheet data at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, have been derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements set forth elsewhere in this annual report. The selected
consolidated statement of operations data for the years 2010 and 2009, and the
selected consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
have been derived from our previously reported audited consolidated financial
statements, which are not included in this annual report. The selected financial
data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”
appearing in Item 5 of this annual report, and are qualified entirely by
reference to such consolidated financial statements. Our historical results set
forth herein are not necessarily indicative of our future results. (in thousands, except per share data) | Year Ended December 31,
2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009
Statement of Operations Data:
Net sales | $ | 484,403 | $ | 215,244 | $ | 155,894 | $ | 117,844 | $ | 98,975
Gross profit | 226,173 | 109,911 | 82,404 | 56,086 | 46,384
Research and development expense | 52,310 | 19,659 | 14,360 | 9,755 | 7,737
Selling, general and administrative expense | 202,794 | 73,130 | 39,038 | 32,863 | 32,823
Operating income (loss) | (28,931 | ) | 17,122 | 29,006 | 13,468 | 5,824
Net income (loss) | (26,907 | ) | 8,823 | 20,626 | 9,370 | 4,116
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (26,954 | ) | 8,491 | 20,626 | 9,370 | 4,116
Net income (loss) per basic share | (0.64 | ) | 0.39 | 0.98 | 0.46 | 0.20
Net income (loss) per basic share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.64 | ) | 0.37 | 0.98 | 0.46 | 0.20
Weighted average basic shares outstanding | 42,079 | 22,812 | 21,133 | 20,579 | 20,236
Net income (loss) per diluted share | (0.68 | ) | 0.37 | 0.95 | 0.44 | 0.20
Net income (loss) per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.68 | ) | 0.36 | 0.95 | 0.44 | 0.20
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding | 42,099 | 23,776 | 21,653 | 21,130 | 20,268
Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital | $ | 714,404 | $ | 230,929 | $ | 64,086 | $ | 60,196 | $ | 82,838
Total assets | 2,782,221 | 1,731,513 | 221,770 | 178,460 | 153,137
Equity | $ | 2,499,787 | $ | 1,572,156 | $ | 183,311 | $ | 152,282 | $ | 129,583 5 In addition to
the audited consolidated financial data presented above, we also present below
unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations data for our company for
the year ended December 31, 2012 that give effect to the Stratasys-Objet merger
as if it had been completed on January 1, 2012. This data has been prepared
consistent with SEC Regulation S-X, Article 11. For a more complete presentation
of this data and an explanation of the underlying assumptions used in deriving
it, please see the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations that are included in the “Operating Results” section of “Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects” in Item 5 below. Year Ended
(in thousands, except per share data) | December 31,
2012
Pro Forma
Statement of Operations Data:
Net sales | $ | 359,054
Gross profit | 163,923
Research and development expense | 36,923
Selling, general and administrative expense | 141,232
Operating loss | (14,232 | )
Net loss | (21,515 | )
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (21,577 | )
Net loss per basic share | (0.58 | )
Net loss per basic share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.58 | )
Weighted average basic shares outstanding | 36,987
Net loss per diluted share | (0.58 | )
Net loss per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.58 | )
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding | 36,987 B. Capitalization and
Indebtedness. Not
Applicable. C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of
Proceeds. Not Applicable. D. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the
risks described below, together with all of the other information in this annual
report on Form 20-F. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our
business operations. If any of these risks actually occurs , our business, financial
condition and results of operations could suffer and the price of our shares
could decline. Risks related to our business and
financial condition We may not be able to introduce new
3D printers, high-performance systems and consumables acceptable to customers or
to improve the technology, software or consumables used in our current systems
in response to changing technology and end-user needs. We derive most of our revenues from the
sale of additive manufacturing systems and related consumables. The markets in
which we operate are subject to rapid and substantial innovation and
technological change, mainly driven by technological advances and end-user
requirements and preferences, as well as the emergence of new standards and
practices. Our ability to compete in these markets depends, in large part, on
our success in enhancing our existing products and developing new additive
manufacturing systems and new consumables that will address the increasingly
sophisticated and varied needs of prospective end-users, and respond to
technological advances and industry standards and practices on a cost-effective
and timely basis or otherwise gain market acceptance. Even if we successfully enhance our
existing systems or create new systems, it is likely that new systems and
technologies that we develop will eventually supplant our existing systems or
that our competitors will create systems that will replace our systems. As a
result, any of our products may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by our or
others' technological advances. 6 Our operating results and financial
condition may fluctuate. The operating results and financial
condition of our company may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year
and are likely to continue to vary due to a number of factors, many of which
will not be within our control. If our operating results do not meet the
expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our
ordinary shares will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results and
financial condition may be due to a number of factors, including those listed
below and those identified throughout this “Risk factors” section: the degree of market acceptance of our
 products; the mix of products that we sell during any
 period; long sales cycles; unforeseen liabilities or difficulties in
 integrating our acquisitions; changes in the amount that that we spend to
 develop, acquire or license new products, consumables, technologies or businesses; changes in the amounts that we spend to promote
 our products and services; changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty
 obligations and servicing our installed base of systems; delays between our expenditures to develop and
 market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products; development of new competitive systems by
 others; litigation or threats of litigation, including
 intellectual property claims by third parties; changes in accounting rules and tax laws; the geographic distribution of our sales; our responses to price competition; general economic and industry conditions that
 affect end-user demand and end-user levels of product design and manufacturing; changes in interest rates that affect returns on
 our cash balances and short-term investments; changes in dollar-shekel and dollar-Euro exchange
 rates that affect the value of our net assets, revenues and expenditures from and/or relating to our activities carried
 out in those currencies; failure of a development partner to continue
 supporting certain product development efforts it is funding; and the level of research and development activities
 by our company. Due to all of the foregoing factors, and
the other risks discussed in this annual report, you should not rely on
quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results as an indicator of our
future performance. Our operations, particularly in
integrating the operations of our constituent companies, could suffer if we are
unable to attract and retain key management or other key employees. Our success depends upon the continued
service and performance of our senior management and other key personnel. Our
senior executive team is critical to the management of our business and
operations, as well as to the development of our strategy. The loss of the
services of any members of our senior executive team could delay or prevent the
successful implementation of our growth strategy, or our commercialization of
new applications for our systems or other products, or could otherwise adversely
affect our ability to manage our company effectively and carry out our business
plan. Members of our senior management team may resign at any time. High demand
exists for senior management and other key personnel (including scientific,
technical and sales personnel) in the additive fabrication industry, and there
can be no assurance that we will be able to retain such personnel. We experience
intense competition for qualified personnel. While we intend to continue to
provide competitive compensation packages to attract and retain key personnel,
some of our competitors for these employees have greater resources and more
experience, making it difficult for us to compete successfully for key
personnel. If we cannot attract and retain sufficiently qualified technical
employees for our research and development and manufacturing operations, we may
be unable to achieve the synergies expected from mergers and acquisitions that
we may effect from time to time, or to develop and commercialize new products or
new applications for existing products. Furthermore, possible shortages of key
personnel, including engineers, in the regions surrounding our Minnesota, New
York, New Hampshire or Israeli facilities could require us to pay more to hire
and retain key personnel, thereby increasing our costs. 7 If demand for our products and
services does not continue to grow as expected, our revenues may stagnate or
decline. The commercial marketplace for additive
manufacturing, which was once dominated by conventional methods that do not
involve 3D printing technology, has been undergoing a shift towards 3D printing.
This is true with respect to prototype development, and to some extent, with
respect to direct digital manufacturing, or DDM, as an alternative to
traditional manufacturing. If the commercial marketplace does not continue to
transform towards the broader acceptance of 3D printing and DDM as alternatives
for prototype development and traditional manufacturing, or if it adopts 3D
printing based on technologies other than the technologies that we use, we may
not be able to increase or sustain current or future levels of sales of our
products and related materials and services, and our results of operations may
be adversely affected as a result. If our product mix shifts too far
into lower margin products, our profitability could be reduced. Sales of certain of our existing products
for commercial use have higher margins than others. For instance, our high-end
commercial systems and related consumables yield a greater gross margin than our
entry-level commercial systems. Furthermore, our desktop 3D printers and related
consumables yield a lower gross margin than our entry-level commercial systems.
As we continue to ship entry-level commercial systems and, to a greater extent,
desktop 3D printers, including as a result of our MakerBot transaction, our
sales of those systems have grown, and we expect them to continue to account for
a growing percentage of total systems that we sell. Furthermore, some of those
sales may displace sales of our other systems. If sales of our entry-level
desktop 3D printers have the effect of reducing sales of our higher margin
products, or, if for any other reason, our product mix shifts too far into lower
margin products, and we are not able to sufficiently reduce the engineering,
production and other costs associated with those products or substantially
increase the sales of those products, our profitability could be
reduced. Declines in the prices of our
products may adversely affect our financial results. Our business is subject to price
competition. Such price competition may adversely affect our ability to maintain
profitability, especially during periods of decreased demand. If our business is
not able to offset price reductions resulting from these pressures by improved
operating efficiencies, reduced expenditures and increased sales, then those
price reductions would adversely affect our operating results. The markets in which we participate
are competitive. Our failure to compete successfully could cause our revenues
and the demand for our products to decline. We compete for end-users with a wide
variety of producers of systems that create models, prototypes, other 3D objects
and end-use parts as well as producers of materials and services for these
systems, including both additive and subtractive manufacturing methodologies,
such as metal extrusion, computer-controlled machining and manual modeling
techniques. Our principal competition currently consists of other manufacturers
of systems for prototype development and customized manufacturing processes,
including 3D Systems Corporation, EOS GmbH and EnvisionTEC GmbH, and, with
respect to our entry-level desktop 3D printers, companies such as Delta Micro
Factory, Affinia, Ultimaker, Printrbot, Leapfrog, Solidoodle, as well as 3D
Systems Corporation. We may face additional competition in the future from new
entrants into the marketplace, including companies that may have significantly
greater resources than we have that may become new market entrants or may enter
through acquisition or strategic or marketing partnerships with current
competitors. Some of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories and more extensive name recognition
than we have and may also have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing,
distribution and other resources than we have. Current and future competitors
may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes
in end-user demands and to devote greater resources to the development,
promotion and sale of their products than we can. Our current and potential
competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or
future products obsolete, unmarketable or less competitive (whether from a price
perspective or otherwise). We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain
or enhance our current competitive position or continue to compete successfully
against current and future sources of competition. 8 To the extent other companies are
successful in developing or marketing consumables for use in our Idea, Design
and Production Series systems, our revenues and profits would likely be
adversely affected. We sell a substantial portion of the
consumables used in our Idea, Design and Production Series systems. We attempt
to protect against replication of our proprietary consumables through patents
and trade secrets and provide that warranties on those systems are valid only if
customers use consumables that we certify. However, other companies have
successfully developed and sold, and may continue to successfully develop or
sell, consumables that are less expensive than our consumables and compatible
with our systems, which may reduce our consumables sales. Additionally, in order
to compete with consumables manufactured by third parties, we could be forced to
reduce prices for our proprietary consumables. Either of the above would impair
our overall revenues and profitability. If our relationships with suppliers,
especially with single source suppliers of components of our products, were to
terminate or our manufacturing arrangements were to be disrupted, our business
could be interrupted. We purchase components and sub-assemblies
for our systems and raw materials that are used in our consumables from
third-party suppliers. While there are several potential suppliers of most of
the components and sub-assemblies for our systems, and for most of the raw
materials for our consumables, we currently choose to use only one or a limited
number of suppliers for several of these components and materials. Our reliance
on a single or limited number of vendors involves a number of risks, including: potential shortages of some key components; product performance shortfalls, if traceable to
 particular product components, since the supplier of the faulty component cannot readily be replaced; discontinuation of a product on which we
 rely; potential insolvency of these vendors; and reduced control over delivery schedules,
 manufacturing capabilities, quality and costs. In addition, we require any new supplier
to become “qualified” pursuant to our internal procedures. The qualification
process involves evaluations of varying durations, which may cause production
delays if we were required to qualify a new supplier unexpectedly. We generally
assemble our systems based on our internal forecasts and the availability of raw
materials, assemblies, components and finished goods that are supplied to us by
third parties, which are subject to various lead times. If certain suppliers
were to decide to discontinue production of an assembly, component or raw
material that we use, the unanticipated change in the availability of supplies,
or unanticipated supply limitations, could cause delays in, or loss of, sales,
increased production or related costs and consequently reduced margins, and
damage to our reputation. If we were unable to find a suitable supplier for a
particular component, material or compound, we could be required to modify our
existing products to accommodate substitute components, material or
compounds. In particular, we rely on a sole supplier,
Ricoh Printing Systems America, Inc., or Ricoh, for the printer heads for our
PolyJet 3D printers. Under the terms of our agreement with Ricoh, we purchase
printer heads and associated electronic components, and receive a
non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell these purchased
products under Ricoh's patent rights and trade secrets. Due to the risk of a
discontinuation of the supply of Ricoh printer heads and other key components of
our products, we maintain excess inventory of those printer heads and other
components. However, if our forecasts exceed actual orders, we may hold large
inventories of slow-moving or unusable parts or raw materials, which could
result in inventory write offs or write downs and have an adverse effect on our
cash flow, profitability and results of operations. See “Item 4. Information on
the Company—Business Overview—Sources and Availability of Raw Materials—Ricoh
Agreement” in our 2012 Annual Report for further discussion of this
agreement. A loss of, or reduction in revenues
from, a significant number of our resellers and our independent sales agents
would impair our ability to sell our products and services and could reduce our
revenues and adversely impact our operating results. We rely heavily on our network of
resellers and independent sales agents to sell and (in the case of resellers) to
service our products to end-users in their respective geographic regions. These
resellers and sales agents are generally precluded from selling our competitors'
products in addition to ours. They may also not be as effective in selling our
products or servicing our end-users. Further, if a significant number of these
resellers and sales agents were to terminate their relationship with us or
otherwise fail or refuse to sell our products, we may not be able to find
replacements that are as qualified or as successful in a timely manner, if at
all. If these resellers and independent sales agents do not perform as
anticipated or if we are unable to find qualified and successful replacements,
our sales will suffer, which would have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and operating results. Additionally, a default by one or more resellers
that have a significant receivables balance could have an adverse financial
impact on our financial results. 9 Our business model is predicated in
part on building an end-user base that will generate a recurring stream of
revenues through the sale of our consumables. If that recurring stream of
revenues does not develop as expected, or if our business model changes as the
industry evolves, our operating results may be adversely affected. Our business model is dependent in part on
our ability to maintain and increase sales of our proprietary consumables as
they generate recurring revenues. Existing and future end-users of our systems
may not purchase our consumables at the same rate at which end-users currently
purchase those consumables. In addition, our entry-level systems generally use a
lower volume of consumables relative to our higher end systems. If our current
and future end-users purchase a lower volume of our consumables, or if our entry
level systems represent an increasing percentage of our future installed base
mix uses less consumables than our current installed base, our recurring revenue
stream relative to our total revenues would be reduced, and our operating
results would be adversely affected. Discontinuation of operations at our
manufacturing sites could prevent us from timely filling customer orders and
could lead to unforeseen costs for us. We assemble and test the systems that we
sell, and produce consumables for our systems, at single facilities in various
locations that are specifically dedicated to separate categories of systems and
consumables. Because of our reliance on all of these production facilities, a
disruption at any of those facilities could materially damage our ability to
supply 3D printers, other systems or consumable materials to the marketplace in
a timely manner. Depending on the cause of the disruption, we could also incur
significant costs to remedy the disruption and resume product shipments.
Accordingly, any such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on
our revenue, results of operations and earnings, and could also potentially
damage our reputation. If goodwill or other intangible
assets that we have recorded become impaired, we could have to take significant
charges against earnings. As of December 31, 2013, the book value of
all of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which was primarily attributable to the Stratasys-Objet merger and the MakerBot transaction, was approximately $1.8
billion. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, or GAAP, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more
frequently, whether the value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible
assets has been impaired. Amortizing intangible assets will be assessed for
impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Such impairment may result
from one of a number of possible causes, including invalidation of acquired
patents, trademarks or other intellectual property or the impairment of other
intangible assets due to litigation, obsolescence, competitive factors, lower
than expected revenue and operating results or other reasons. Any reduction or
impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a
charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and shareholders' equity in future periods. Global economic, political and
social conditions have adversely impacted sales of our constituent companies,
and may once again affect us in the future. The uncertain direction and relative
strength of the global economy, difficulties in the financial services sector
and credit markets, continuing geopolitical uncertainties and other
macroeconomic factors all affect spending behavior of potential end-users of our
products and services. The prospects for economic growth in the regions in which
we sell our products remain uncertain, and may cause end-users to further delay
or reduce technology purchases. In particular, a portion of our sales are made
to customers in countries in Europe, which have been and may continue to be
affected by a significant economic crisis. These and other macroeconomic factors
had an adverse impact on the sales of the products and services of our
constituent companies in late 2008, 2009 and, to a lesser degree, 2010, leading
to reduced revenues from sales in 2009 relative to 2008, and longer sales
cycles. While Objet and Stratasys, Inc. saw an improvement in revenues from
sales of their systems and consumables in 2010, 2011 and 2012, and our combined
company has continued that positive trend beginning after the completion of the
Stratasys-Objet merger on December 1, 2012 through the present time, there can
be no assurance that such improvement is sustainable, particularly if global
economic conditions remain volatile for a prolonged period or if European
economies experience further disruptions. The global financial crisis affecting
the banking system and financial markets has resulted in a tightening of credit
markets, lower levels of liquidity in many financial markets, and extreme
volatility in many fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. These
conditions may make it more difficult for our end-users to obtain
financing. 10 We also face risks that may arise from
financial difficulties experienced by our end-users, suppliers and distributors,
which may be exacerbated by continued weakness in the global economy,
including: reduced end-user demand for products and reduced
 manufacturing activity levels; distributors and end-users may be unable to obtain
 credit financing to finance purchases of 3D printers, 3D production systems,
 consumables or other products; suppliers may be unable to obtain credit financing
 to finance purchases of sub-assemblies used to build components of products or
 purchases of raw materials to produce consumables; end-users or distributors may face financial
 difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to our inability to
 obtain payment for our products; and key suppliers of raw materials, finished products
 or components used in our products and consumables may face financial
 difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to disruption in the
 supply of systems, consumables or spare parts to our end-users. Our existing and planned
international operations currently expose us and will continue to expose us to
additional market and operational risks, and failure to manage these risks may
adversely affect our business and operating results. We expect to derive a substantial
percentage of our sales from international markets. We derived 46% of our sales
in 2013 from countries outside of the United States. Accordingly, we face
significant operational risks from doing business internationally, including: fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
 rates; potentially longer sales and payment
 cycles; potentially greater difficulties in collecting
 accounts receivable; potentially adverse tax consequences; reduced protection of intellectual property rights
 in certain countries, particularly in Asia and South America; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign
 operations; laws and business practices favoring local
 competition; costs and difficulties of customizing products for
 foreign countries; compliance with a wide variety of complex foreign
 laws, treaties and regulations; tariffs, trade barriers and other regulatory or
 contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; and being subject to the laws, regulations and the
 court systems of many jurisdictions. Our failure to manage the market and
operational risks associated with our international operations effectively could
limit the future growth of our business and adversely affect our operating
results. 11 If we are not successful in
completing the integration of our constituent companies from the Stratasys-Objet
merger, the benefits of that merger may not be fully realized and the market
price of our ordinary shares may be negatively affected. Since it was consummated in December 2012,
the Stratasys-Objet merger has involved the integration of significant aspects
of the operations of companies that had previously operated independently with
principal offices in distinct locations and geographically diverse
organizations. As a combined company we now have more than 1,800 employees in a
total of 12 regional offices around the world. While integration activities have
progressed well to date, the ongoing difficulties of coordinating our operations
include: coordinating geographically separate
 organizations, including two sets of corporate headquarters on two different continents; coordinating sales, distribution and marketing
 functions, including integration and management of our constituent companies' sales channels; consolidating the financial reporting systems and
 ERP systems of our constituent companies; management of a substantially larger organization,
 with an increased number of employees over large geographic distances; and addressing inconsistencies among the companies in
 standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with
 suppliers, distributors, customers and employees. As a result of these and other factors, we
may not successfully complete the integration of the businesses of Stratasys and
Objet. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the benefits and synergies of the
Stratasys-Objet merger in the timeframe anticipated. It is also possible that
such continuing integration and coordination arrangements could lead to the loss
of members of our senior executive team, diversion of the attention of
management, or the disruption or interruption of, or the loss of momentum in,
our ongoing business, which could adversely affect our business and financial
results. The occurrence of such negative results could adversely affect the
market price of our ordinary shares. As part of our growth strategy, we
have sought, and will continue to seek, to acquire or to make investments in
other businesses, patents, technologies, products or services. Our failure to do
so successfully (including, if applicable, to finance such acquisitions or
investments on favorable terms and to avoid adverse financial consequences) may
adversely affect our financial results. As part of our growth strategy, we expect
to continue to regularly evaluate acquisitions or investments to expand our
suite of products and services. Even if we are able to identify a suitable
acquisition or investment, we may not be able to consummate any such transaction
if we cannot reach an agreement on favorable terms or if we lack sufficient
resources to finance the transaction on our own and cannot obtain financing at a
reasonable cost or if regulatory authorities prevent such transaction from being
consummated. If we proceed with a particular acquisition, we may have to use
cash, issue new equity securities with dilutive effects on existing
shareholders, incur indebtedness, assume contingent liabilities or amortize
assets or expenses in a manner that might have a material adverse effect on our
balance sheet, results of operations or liquidity. If we incur indebtedness by
drawing down under our senior credit facility, that would require us to comply
with certain conditions and would subject us to certain limitations, as
described below under the risk factor that is titled “Covenants i n
our credit agreement may restrict our business in many ways.” As a result of an
acquisition, we will also be required to record certain acquisition-related
costs and other items as current period expenses, which would have the effect of
reducing our reported earnings in the period in which an acquisition is
consummated. We will also be required to record any post-closing goodwill or
other long-lived asset impairment charges in the period in which they occur,
which could result in a significant charge to our earnings in that period. We
could also face unknown liabilities or write-offs. We have experienced rapid and
significant growth in our operations and intend to continue to grow, and if we
cannot adequately adapt our infrastructure and properly integrate the internal
or external sources of our growth in order to generate the intended benefits
from it, our results of operations will suffer. We have experienced rapid and significant
growth in our operations and intend to continue to grow, both organically and
from acquisitions, such as the Stratasys-Object merger and the MakerBot
transaction. The adaptation of our infrastructure to our growth will require,
among other things, continued development of our financial and management
controls and management information systems, including our ongoing
implementation of a unified enterprise resource planning system, management of
our sales channel, increased capital expenditures, the ability to attract and
retain qualified management personnel and the training of new personnel. We
cannot be sure that our infrastructure, systems, procedures, business processes
and managerial controls will be adequate to support the rapid and significant
growth in our operations. Any delays in, or problems associated with,
implementing, or transitioning to, new or enhanced systems, procedures, or
controls to accommodate and support the requirements of our business and
operations and to effectively and efficiently integrate acquired operations may
adversely affect our ability to meet customer requirements, manage our product
inventory, and record and report financial and management information on a
timely and accurate basis. 12 Additional unforeseen difficulties and
expenditures that may result from the integration of a new business or
technology include: difficulty transitioning customers and other
 business relationships to our company; problems unifying management following a
 transaction; the loss of key employees from our existing or
 acquired businesses; diversion of management's attention to the
 assimilation of the technology and personnel of acquired businesses or new product or service lines; and difficulties in coordinating geographically
 disparate organizations and corporate cultures and integrating management personnel with different business
 backgrounds. These potential negative effects could
prevent us from realizing the benefits of an acquisition transaction or other
growth opportunity. In that event, our competitive position, revenues, revenue
growth, results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected, which
could, in turn, adversely affect our share price and shareholder
value. Covenants in our credit agreement
may restrict our business in many ways. The credit agreement and related
agreements that we and our wholly-owned subsidiary (the borrower) entered into
in November 2013 with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the
other lenders party thereto, contain various covenants that limit our ability
to, among other things: incur or assume liens or additional debt or
 provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; make any investments, except certain investments
 as specified therein; engage in any material line of business
 substantially different from those lines of business conducted by us and our
 subsidiaries or any business substantially related or incidental thereto; create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
 indebtedness except certain indebtedness as specified therein. issue redeemable stock and preferred equity; pay dividends or distributions or redeem or
 repurchase capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase debt; make loans,
 investments and capital expenditures; enter into agreements that restrict distributions
 from our subsidiaries; sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries; enter into certain transactions with affiliates; consolidate or merge with or into, or sell
 substantially all of our assets to, another person, or · · dispose of all or
 substantially all of our IP rights or other assets to or in favor of any
 person. make any disposition except certain dispositions permitted under the credit agreement. declare or make, directly or indirectly, any
 restricted payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do
 so, except as defined therein; and enter into certain contractual obligations. A breach of any of these covenants could
result in a default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the credit
agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the
agreement to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to
extend further credit. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have
sufficient assets to repay the amounts owed under the credit agreement or be
able to obtain financing from other sources on favorable terms, if at all. For more information, please see Item 5.B “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital resources and capital expenditures—Revolving credit facility” and note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. Defects in new products or in
enhancements to our existing products could give rise to product returns or
product liability, warranty or other claims that could result in material
expenses, diversion of management time and attention, and damage to our
reputation. Our systems may contain undetected defects
or errors when first introduced or as enhancements are released that, despite
testing, are not discovered until after a product has been used. This could
result in delayed market acceptance of those products, claims from distributors,
end-users or others, increased end-user service and support costs and warranty
claims, damage to our reputation and business, or significant costs to correct
the defect or error. We may from time to time become subject to warranty or
product liability claims that could lead to significant expenses as we need to
compensate affected end-users for costs incurred related to product quality
issues. This risk may be heightened when we sell products into certain markets,
such as medical and dental applications. 13 This risk of product liability claims may
also be greater due to the use of certain hazardous chemicals used in the
manufacture of certain of our products. Those hazardous chemicals fall within
three different categories (with several of the chemicals falling within
multiple categories): irritants, harmful chemicals and chemicals dangerous for
the environment. In addition, we may be subject to claims that our 3D printers
have been, or may be, used to create parts that are not in compliance with legal
requirements or that intellectual property posted by third parties on our
Thingiverse website infringe the intellectual property rights of
others. Any claim brought against us, regardless
of its merit, could result in material expense, diversion of management time and
attention, and damage to our reputation, and could cause us to fail to retain
existing end-users or to attract new end-users. Although we maintain product
liability insurance, such insurance is subject to significant deductibles and
there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to
protect against all such claims, or we may elect to self-insure with respect to
certain matters. Costs or payments made in connection with warranty and product
liability claims and product recalls or other claims could materially affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Under applicable employment laws, we
may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete and therefore may be unable
to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of some of our
former employees. We generally enter into non-competition
agreements with our employees. These agreements prohibit our employees from
competing directly with us or working for our competitors or clients for a
limited period after they cease working for us. We may be unable to enforce
these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions in which our employees work
and it may be difficult for us to restrict our competitors from benefiting from
the expertise that our former employees or consultants developed while working
for us. For example, Israeli courts have required employers seeking to enforce
non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that the
competitive activities of the former employee will harm one of a limited number
of material interests of the employer that have been recognized by the courts,
such as the secrecy of a company's confidential commercial information or the
protection of its intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate that such
interests will be harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from
benefiting from the expertise of our former employees or consultants and our
ability to remain competitive may be diminished. Failure to comply with the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption legislation
could result in fines, criminal penalties and an adverse effect on our business. We operate in a number of countries
throughout the world, including countries known to have a reputation for
corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable
anti-corruption laws. We are subject, however, to the risk that our affiliated
entities or our and our affiliates' respective officers, directors, employees
and agents (including distributors of our products) may take action determined
to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as well as trade
sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S.
Department of Commerce. Any violation by any of these persons could result in
substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, or curtailment of
operations in certain jurisdictions, and might adversely affect our results of
operations. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our
reputation and ability to do business. We own a number of our manufacturing
and office facilities, which may limit our ability to move those operations. If
we were to move some or all of those operations, we could incur unforeseen
charges. We own buildings in Eden Prairie,
Minnesota, which we use to conduct our FDM manufacturing and assembly
operations, as well as our manufacturing facility in Kiryat Gat, Israel.
Ownership of these buildings and facilities may adversely affect our ability to
move some or all of those operations to other locations that may be more
favorable. If we were to move any of those operations to other locations, we may
have difficulty selling or leasing the property that we vacate. This could
result in an impairment charge, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations in one or more periods. 14 If we do not generate sufficient
future taxable income, we may be required to recognize deferred tax asset
valuation allowances. The value of our deferred tax assets
depends, in part, on our ability to use them to offset taxable income in future
years. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in the U.S.
and certain other jurisdictions, or if there are significant changes in tax laws
or the tax rates or the period within which the underlying temporary differences
become taxable or deductible, we could be required to record valuation
allowances against our deferred tax assets. Such allowances would result in an
increase in our effective tax rate and have a negative impact on our operating
results. If our estimated future taxable income is increased, the valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets may be reduced. These changes may also
contribute to the volatility of our consolidated financial results. Default in payment by one or more
resellers or customers from which we have large account receivable balances
could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. From time to time, our accounts receivable
balances have been concentrated with certain resellers or customers. Default by
one or more of these resellers or customers could result in a significant charge
against our current reported earnings. We have reviewed our policies that govern
credit and collections, and will continue to monitor them in light of current
payment status and economic conditions. However, there can be no assurance that
our efforts to identify potential credit risks will be successful. Our inability
to timely identify resellers and customers that are credit risks could result in
defaults at a time when such resellers or customers have high accounts
receivable balances with us. Any such default would result in a significant
charge against our earnings and adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. We are subject to extensive
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations use chemicals and produce
waste materials. We are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety
laws, regulations and permitting requirements in multiple jurisdictions
governing, among other things, the generation, use, storage, registration,
handling and disposal of chemicals and waste materials, the presence of
specified substances in electrical products, the emission and discharge of
hazardous materials into the ground, air or water, the cleanup of contaminated
sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to our failure
to properly dispose of chemicals and other waste materials and the health and
safety of our employees. Under these laws, regulations and requirements, we
could also be subject to liability for improper disposal of chemicals and waste
materials, including those resulting from the use of our systems and
accompanying materials by end-users. These or future laws and regulations could
potentially require the expenditure of significant amounts for compliance and/or
remediation. If our operations fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we
may be subject to fines and other civil, administrative or criminal sanctions,
including the revocation of permits and licenses necessary to continue our
business activities. In addition, we may be required to pay damages or civil
judgments in respect of third-party claims, including those relating to personal
injury (including exposure to hazardous substances that we generate, use, store,
handle, transport, manufacture or dispose of), property damage or contribution
claims. Some environmental laws allow for strict, joint and several liability
for remediation costs, regardless of fault. We may be identified as a
potentially responsible party under such laws. Such developments could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We are subject to environmental laws
due to the import and export of our products, which could subject us to
compliance costs and/or potential liability in the event of non-compliance. The export of our products internationally
from our production facilities subjects us to environmental laws and regulations
concerning the import and export of chemicals and hazardous substances such as
the United States Toxic Substances Control Act, or TSCA, and the Registration,
Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances, or REACH.
These laws and regulations require the testing and registration of some
chemicals that we ship along with, or that form a part of, our systems and other
products. If we fail to comply with these or similar laws and regulations, we
may be required to make significant expenditures to reformulate the chemicals
that we use in our products and materials or incur costs to register such
chemicals to gain and/or regain compliance. Additionally, we could be subject to
significant fines or other civil and criminal penalties should we not achieve
such compliance. 15 We are currently subject to a number
of lawsuits. These and any future lawsuits to which we become subject may have a
material adverse impact on our capitalization, business and results of
operations. We are currently party to one significant
action by a former employee who seeks the issuance of options exercisable for
our ordinary shares. The former employee has demanded, based on an alleged
undertaking we had made prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger, that we issue him
an option that would allow him to maintain an equity interest of 1.45% in us and
reimburse salary reductions he had suffered. This plaintiff has further demanded
compensation on account of alleged wrongful termination. While the initial court
ruling on this matter dismissed the case and awarded us legal expenses, the
plaintiff has appealed the case, which appeal is currently ongoing and is being
litigated in the Israeli national labor court. We have furthermore been sued by four
current or former minority shareholders and former directors of our company who
demand that we amend the capitalization table of our company such that certain
share issuances prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger to certain of our
shareholders named as defendants would be cancelled, with a consequent issuance
of additional shares to the plaintiffs to account for the subsequent dilution to
which they have been subject. The lawsuits, which were brought in an Israeli
district court in March 2013, also name as defendants certain of our directors,
officers and shareholders who previously held those positions prior to the
Stratasys-Objet merger. We can provide no assurance as to the
outcome of these or any future matters or actions, and any such matters or
actions may result in judgments against us for significant damages and/or the
issuance of options to acquire shares of our capital stock, the exercise of
which would result in dilution to our shareholders. Resolution of these matters
can be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate results or judgments are uncertain
due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other proceedings. Moreover,
our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new
developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary
requirements. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has resulted in the past,
and may result in the future, in significant legal expenses and require
significant attention and resources of management. As a result, current and any
future litigation could result in losses, damages and expenses that have a
material adverse effect on our business. We rely on our management
information systems for inventory management, distribution, and other key
functions. If our information systems fail to adequately perform these
functions, or if we experience an interruption in their operation, our business
and operating results could be adversely affected. The efficient operation of our business is
dependent on our management information systems. We rely on our management
information systems: to, among other things, effectively manage our accounting
and financial functions, including maintaining our internal controls; to manage
our manufacturing and supply chain processes; and to maintain our research and
development data. The failure of our management information systems to perform
properly could disrupt our business and product development, which may result in
decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess or obsolete inventory, and
product shortages, causing our business and operating results to suffer.
Although we take steps to secure our management information systems, including
our computer systems, intranet and Internet sites, email and other
telecommunications and data networks, the security measures we have implemented
may not be effective and our systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage
and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including
unauthorized access or security breaches, natural or man-made disasters,
cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. Our
reputation, brand, and financial condition could be adversely affected if, as a
result of a significant cyber event or otherwise, our operations are disrupted
or shut down; our confidential, proprietary information is stolen or disclosed;
we incur costs or are required to pay fines in connection with stolen customer,
employee, or other confidential information; we must dedicate significant
resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we
otherwise incur significant litigation or other costs. Compliance with disclosure rules
regarding “conflict minerals” may require us to incur expenses or modify our
products or operations and may also adversely affect the demand for some of our
products and our operating results. As required under the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, in August 2012 the Commission
promulgated final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals
(tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold), and certain of their derivatives, known as
“conflict minerals,” which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo
and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer's
efforts to prevent the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those
minerals. As required by these new rules, in 2013, we commenced due diligence
efforts to determine our use of conflict minerals, with initial disclosures
required no later than May 31, 2014. The rules require us to make subsequent
disclosures no later than May 31 of each following year. We expect that we will
incur additional costs and expenses, which may be significant, in order to
comply with these rules. Since our supply chain is complex, ultimately we may
not be able to sufficiently verify the origins for any conflict minerals and
metals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we
implement, which may adversely affect our reputation with our customers,
shareholders, and other stakeholders. In such event, we may also face
difficulties in satisfying customers who require that all of our products are
certified as conflict mineral free. If we are not able to meet such
requirements, customers may choose not to purchase our products, which could
adversely affect our sales and the value of portions of our inventory. Further,
there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering conflict free minerals
and, as a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain metals, if
necessary, from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive
prices. Any one or a combination of these various factors could harm our
business, reduce market demand for our products, and adversely affect our profit
margins, net sales, and overall financial results. 16 Risks related to our intellectual
property If we are unable to obtain patent
protection for our products or otherwise protect our intellectual property
rights, our business could suffer. We rely on a combination of patent and
trademark laws in the United States and other countries, trade secret
protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with
our employees, end-users and others to maintain our competitive position. In
particular, our success depends, in part, on our ability, and the ability of our
licensors, to obtain patent protection for our and their products, technologies
and inventions, maintain the confidentiality of our and their trade secrets and
know-how, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and
prevent others from infringing upon our and their proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to protect our
proprietary rights, it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third
parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies, inventions,
processes or improvements. We cannot assure you that any of our existing or
future patents or other intellectual property rights will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or will otherwise provide us with meaningful
protection. Our pending patent applications may not be granted, and we may not
be able to obtain foreign patents or pending applications corresponding to our
U.S. patents. The laws of certain countries, such as China, do not provide the
same level of patent protection as in the United States, so even if we assert
our patents or obtain additional patents in China or elsewhere outside of the
United States, effective enforcement of such patents may not be available. If
our patents do not adequately protect our technology, our competitors may be
able to offer additive manufacturing systems, consumables or other products
similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar technology
independently or design around our patents, and we may not be able to detect the
unauthorized use of our proprietary technology or take appropriate steps to
prevent such use. If we attempt enforcement of our
intellectual property rights, we may be (as we have been in the past) subject or
party to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual
property disputes and litigation, regardless of merit, can be costly and
disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention and energies of
management and key technical personnel, and by increasing our costs of doing
business . Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operating
results. As our patents expire, additional
competitors using our technology could enter the market, which could offer
competitive printers and consumables, require us to reduce our prices for our
products and result in lost sales. Competitors' introduction of lower quality
products using our technology could also negatively affect the reputation and
image of our products in the marketplace. Some of our patents have expired and
others will expire in coming years. Upon expiration of those patents, our
competitors may introduce products using the technology previously protected by
the expired patents, which products may have lower prices than those of our
products. To compete, we may need to reduce our prices for those products, which
would adversely affect our revenues, margins and profitability. Additionally,
the expiration of our patents could reduce barriers to entry into additive
fabrication systems, which could result in the reduction of our sales and
earnings potential. If competitors using technology previously protected by our
expired patents were to introduce products of inferior quality, our potential
customers may view our products negatively, which would have an adverse effect
on our image and reputation and on our ability to compete with systems using
other additive fabrication technologies. 17 We may be subject to claims that we
are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual
property rights of others. Our products and technology, including the
technology that we license from others, may infringe, misappropriate or
otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. Patent
applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for
a period of time until they are published, and the publication of discoveries in
scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several
months or more. As a result, the nature of claims contained in unpublished
patent filings around the world is unknown to us, and we cannot be certain that
we were the first to conceive inventions covered by our patents or patent
applications or that we were the first to file patent applications covering such
inventions. Furthermore, it is not possible to know in which countries patent
holders may choose to extend their filings under the Patent Cooperation Treaty
or other mechanisms. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property
infringement claims from individuals, vendors and other companies, including
those that have acquired patents in the fields of 3D printing or consumable
production for the sole purpose of asserting claims against us. In addition to
patent infringement claims, we may be subject to other intellectual property
claims, such as claims that we are infringing trademarks or misappropriating
trade secrets. We may also be subject to claims relating to the content on our
websites, including third-party content posted on our Thingiverse.com website.
Any intellectual property claims, regardless of the merit or resolution of such
claims could cause us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and
resolving such claims, and may prohibit or otherwise impair our ability to
commercialize new or existing products. Resolution of such claims may, among
other things, require us to redesign infringing technology, enter into costly
settlement or license agreements on terms that are unfavorable to us, or require
us to indemnify our distributors and end-users Any infringement by us or our
licensors of the intellectual property rights of third parties may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. If we are unable to protect the
confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information
may be used by others to compete against us, in particular in developing
consumables that could be used with our printing systems in place of our
proprietary consumables. We have devoted substantial resources to
the development of our technology, trade secrets, know-how and other
unregistered proprietary rights. While we enter into confidentiality and
invention assignment agreements intended to protect such rights, such agreements
can be difficult and costly to enforce or may not provide adequate remedies if
violated, and we may not have entered into such agreements with all relevant
parties. Such agreements may be breached and confidential information may be
willfully or unintentionally disclosed, or our competitors or other parties may
learn of the information in some other way. The disclosure to, or independent
development by, a competitor of any of our trade secrets, know-how or other
technology not protected by a patent could materially reduce or eliminate any
competitive advantage that we may have over such competitor. This concern could manifest itself in
particular with respect to our proprietary consumables that are used with our
systems. Portions of our proprietary consumables may not be afforded patent
protection. Chemical companies or other producers of raw materials used in our
consumables may be able to develop consumables that are compatible to a large
extent with our systems, whether independently or in contravention of our trade
secret rights and related proprietary and contractual rights. If such
consumables are made available to owners of our systems, and are purchased in
place of our proprietary consumables, our revenues and profitability would be
reduced and we could be forced to reduce prices for our proprietary
consumables. Risks related to operations in Israel Our Israeli headquarters and
manufacturing and other significant operations may be adversely affected by
political, economic and military instability in Israel. One of our dual corporate headquarters, as
well as all of our PolyJet-related manufacturing and research and development
facilities, and some of our suppliers, are located in central and southern
Israel. In addition, many of our key employees, officers and directors are
residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in
Israel may directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of
Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and
its neighboring countries. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption
or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely
affect our operations and results of operations. During the winter of 2008-2009
and again in November 2012, Israel was engaged in armed conflict with Hamas, a
militia group and political party that controls the Gaza Strip, and during the
summer of 2006, Israel was engaged in an armed conflict with Hezbollah, a
Lebanese Islamist Shiite militia group and political party. These conflicts
involved missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of Israel,
including areas where some of our manufacturing facilities are located, and
negatively affected business conditions in Israel. Any armed conflicts,
terrorist activities or political instability in the region, including those
related to the recent unrest in Syria, could adversely affect business
conditions and could harm our results of operations and could make it more
difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business have
sometimes declined to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or
tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in order to
meet our business partners face to face. In addition, parties with whom we have
agreements involving performance in Israel may claim that they are not obligated
to perform their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force majeure
provisions in such agreements due to the political or security situation in
Israel. 18 Furthermore, many of our male employees in
Israel, including members of our senior management, are obligated to perform one
month, and in some cases longer periods, of annual military reserve duty until
they reach the age of 45 (or older, for citizens who hold certain positions in
the Israeli armed forces reserves), and, in the event of a military conflict,
may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity,
there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists, and some
of our Israeli employees have been called up in connection with armed conflicts.
It is possible that there will be similar large-scale military reserve duty
call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a
significant number of Israeli employees or of one or more of our key Israeli
employees. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business and
operations. Our commercial insurance does not cover
losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security
situation in the Middle East. Although the Israeli government is currently
committed to covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused
by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government
coverage will be maintained, or if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate
us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by our Israeli
operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed
conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect
business conditions generally and could harm our results of
operations. Your rights and responsibilities as
a shareholder will be governed by Israeli law, which may differ in some respects
from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. companies. We are organized under Israeli law. The
rights and responsibilities of the holders of our ordinary shares are governed
by our amended and restated articles of association and Israeli law. These
rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and
responsibilities of shareholders in typical U.S.-based corporations. In
particular, a shareholder of an Israeli company has a duty to act in good faith
toward the company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing its power
in the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting
of shareholders on matters such as amendments to a company's articles of
association, increases in a company's authorized share capital, mergers and
acquisitions and interested party transactions requiring shareholder approval.
In addition, a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine
the outcome of a shareholder vote or to appoint or prevent the appointment of a
director or executive officer in the company has a duty of fairness toward the
company. There is limited case law available to assist us in understanding the
implications of these provisions that govern shareholders' actions. These
provisions may be interpreted to impose additional obligations and liabilities
on holders of our ordinary shares that are not typically imposed on shareholders
of U.S. corporations. Provisions of Israeli law and our
amended articles may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an
acquisition of, our company, which could prevent a change of control, even when
the terms of such a transaction are favorable to us and our
shareholders. Israeli corporate law regulates mergers,
requires tender offers for acquisitions of shares above specified thresholds,
requires special approvals for transactions involving directors, officers or
significant shareholders and regulates other matters that may be relevant to
such types of transactions. For example, a merger may not be consummated unless
at least 50 days have passed from the date on which a merger proposal is filed
by each merging company with the Israel Registrar of Companies and at least 30
days have passed from the date on which the shareholders of both merging
companies have approved the merger. In addition, a majority of each class of
securities of the target company must approve a merger. Moreover, a tender offer
for all of a company's issued and outstanding shares can only be completed if
the acquirer receives positive responses from the holders of at least 95% of the
issued share capital. Completion of the tender offer also requires approval of a
majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in the tender
offer, unless, following consummation of the tender offer, the acquirer would
hold at least 98% of the company's outstanding shares. Furthermore, the
shareholders, including those who indicated their acceptance of the tender
offer, may, at any time within six months following the completion of the tender
offer, petition an Israeli court to alter the consideration for the acquisition,
unless the acquirer stipulated in its tender offer that a shareholder that
accepts the offer may not seek such appraisal rights. 19 Our amended articles impose an additional
barrier towards a merger or acquisition of our company, as they provide that our
directors (other than external directors and the unclassified director) are not
subject to election for the first two years following the Stratasys-Objet merger
(that is, not until our first annual general shareholder meeting following
December 1, 2014), such that a potential acquiror cannot replace our board of
directors at an annual general shareholder meeting until that time). This could
prevent a potential acquiror from receiving board approval for an acquisition
proposal that our board opposes. Furthermore, Israeli tax considerations
may make potential transactions unappealing to us or to our shareholders whose
country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel exempting such
shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does not recognize
tax-free share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With respect to
mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain circumstances but
makes the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of a number of conditions,
including a holding period of two years from the date of the transaction during
which sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are
subject to certain restrictions. Moreover, with respect to certain share
swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when such time
expires, the tax becomes payable even if no disposition of the shares has
occurred. These and other similar provisions could
delay, prevent or impede an acquisition of our company or our merger with
another company, even if such an acquisition or merger would be beneficial to us
or to our shareholders. Exchange rate fluctuations between
the U.S. dollar and the New Israeli Shekel, the Euro and other non-U.S.
currencies may negatively affect the earnings of our operations. We report our financial results and most
of our revenues are recorded in U.S. dollars. However, substantially all of the
manufacturing, research and development expenses of our Israeli operations, as
well as a portion of the cost of revenues, selling and marketing, and general
and administrative expenses of our Israeli operations, are incurred in New
Israeli Shekels. As a result, we are exposed to exchange rate risks that may
adversely affect our financial results. If the New Israeli Shekel appreciates
against the U.S. dollar or if the value of the New Israeli Shekel declines
against the U.S. dollar at a time when the rate of inflation in the cost of
Israeli goods and services exceeds the rate of decline in the relative value of
the New Israeli Shekel, then the U.S. dollar cost of our operations in Israel
would increase and our results of operations would be adversely affected Our
Israeli operations also could be adversely affected if we are unable to
effectively hedge against currency fluctuations in the future. We cannot predict
any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate of devaluation
(if any) of the New Israeli Shekel against the U.S. dollar. The Israeli rate of
inflation amounted to 1.8%, 1.6%, and 2.2% for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The appreciation (devaluation) of the New
Israeli Shekel in relation to the U.S. dollar amounted to 6.5%, 2.1% and (7.7)%
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We also have substantial revenues and
expenses that are denominated in other non-US currencies (other than the New
Israeli Shekel), particularly the Euro. Therefore, our
operating results and cash flows are also subject to fluctuations due to changes
in the relative values of the U.S. dollar and those foreign currencies. These
fluctuations could negatively affect our operating results and could cause our
revenues and net income or loss to vary from quarter to quarter. Furthermore, to
the extent that our revenues increase in regions such as Asia Pacific, where our
sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, a strengthening of the dollar against
other currencies could make our products less competitive in those foreign
markets and collection of receivables more difficult. 20 From time to time we engage in currency hedging activities. These
measures, however, may not adequately protect us from material adverse effects due to the impact of inflation in Israel or
from fluctuations in the relative values of the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies in which we transact business, and
may result in a financial loss, such as Objet experienced in 2011. For further information, please see “Item 11. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ” in this annual report. Estimating our income tax rate is
complex and subject to uncertainty. Our estimates are furthermore based on the
assumption that we will continue to receive Israeli government tax benefits in
respect of our Israeli operations. If we do not meet several conditions for
receipt of those benefits, or if the Israeli government otherwise decides to eliminate those benefits, they may be terminated or reduced, which would impact our income tax rate and increase our costs. The computation of income tax expense
(benefit) is complex because it is based on the laws of numerous taxing
jurisdictions and requires significant judgment on the application of
complicated rules governing accounting for tax provisions under GAAP. Income tax
expense (benefit) for interim quarters is based on a forecast of our global tax
rate for the year, which includes forward-looking financial projections. Such
financial projections are based on numerous assumptions, including the
expectations of profit and loss by jurisdiction. It is difficult to accurately
forecast various items that make up the projections, and such items may be
treated as discrete accounting. Examples of items that could cause variability
in our income tax rate include our mix of income by jurisdiction, tax deductions
for share option expense, the application of transfer pricing rules, and tax
audits. Future events, such as changes in our business and the tax law in the
jurisdictions where we do business, could also affect our rate. One important assumption that goes into
calculation of our tax rate is the tax benefit that we receive in respect of
some of our operations in Israel, referred to as “Approved Enterprise” and
“Beneficiary Enterprises,” under the Law for the Encouragement of Capital
Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law. Based on an evaluation of the
relevant factors under the Investment Law, including the level of foreign (that
is, non-Israeli) investment in the company, we have estimated that our effective
tax rate to be paid with respect to all Israeli operations under these benefit
programs is 7 - 10%, based on the current balance of activity between our
Rehovot, Israel and Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities and the available level of
benefits under the law. If we do not meet the requirements for maintaining these
benefits, they may be reduced or cancelled and the relevant operations would be
subject to Israeli corporate tax at the standard rate, which is currently set at 26.5%. In addition to being subject to the
standard corporate tax rate, we could be required to refund any tax benefits
that we have already received, plus interest and penalties thereon. Even if we
continue to meet the relevant requirements, the tax benefits that our current
“Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise” receive may not be continued
in the future at their current levels or at all. If these tax benefits were
reduced or eliminated, the amount of taxes that we pay would likely increase, as
all of our operations would consequently be subject to corporate tax at the
standard rate, which may cause our global tax rate to be materially different
than our estimates and could adversely affect our results of operations.
Additionally, if we increase our activities outside of Israel, for example, via
acquisitions, our increased activities may not be eligible for inclusion in
Israeli tax benefit programs, and that could also adversely affect our global
tax rate and our results of operations. The Israeli government may furthermore independently determine to reduce, phase out or eliminate entirely the benefit programs under the Investment Law, regardless of whether we then qualify for benefits under those programs at the time, which would also adversely affect our global tax rate and our results of operations. Certain Israeli government grants
that we received for certain of our research and development activities in
Israel may restrict our ability to transfer manufacturing operations or
technology outside of Israel, and failure to satisfy the conditions of those
grants with respect to such transfers may require us to pay penalties. Our Israeli-based research and development
efforts were financed in part, in the past, through grants that we received from
Israel's Office of the Chief Scientist of the Ministry of Economy, or OCS.
Through 2006, Objet received approximately $1.5 million, which it repaid in its
entirety (including interest thereon) by the end of 2007. Notwithstanding the
full repayment of these OCS grants, we nevertheless must continue to comply with
the requirements of the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industrial Research
and Development, 1984, and related regulations, or the Research Law, with
respect to those past grants. When a company develops know-how, technology or
products using OCS grants, the terms of these grants and the Research Law
restrict the transfer of such know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or
manufacturing rights of such products, technologies or know-how outside of
Israel, without the prior approval of the OCS. Therefore, if aspects of our
technologies are deemed to have been developed with OCS funding, the
discretionary approval of an OCS committee would be required for any transfer to
third parties outside of Israel of know-how or manufacturing or manufacturing
rights related to those aspects of such technologies. We may not receive those
approvals. Furthermore, the OCS may impose certain conditions on any arrangement
under which it permits us to transfer technology or development out of
Israel. 21 The transfer of OCS-supported technology
or know-how outside of Israel may involve the payment of significant amounts,
depending upon the value of the transferred technology or know-how, the amount
of OCS support, the time of completion of the OCS-supported research project and
other factors. Furthermore, the consideration available to our shareholders in a
transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel of technology or know-how
developed with OCS funding (such as a merger or similar transaction) may be
reduced by any amounts that we are required to pay to the OCS. It may be difficult to enforce a
U.S. judgment against us and our officers and directors in Israel or the United
States, or to serve process on our officers and directors. We are organized in Israel. Most of our
executive officers and directors reside outside of the United States, and most
of our assets are located outside of the United States. Therefore, a judgment
obtained against us or any of our executive officers and directors in the United
States, including one based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not
be enforced by an Israeli court. It also may be difficult for you to effect
service of process on these persons in the United States or to assert U.S.
securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. 22 Risks related to an investment in our
ordinary shares If certain of our shareholders sell
a substantial number of our ordinary shares, the market price of our ordinary
shares could decline. Former MakerBot stockholders and certain
MakerBot employees may sell publicly ordinary shares that they have received or
may in the future receive in connection with the MakerBot transaction. Under the
terms of the MakerBot merger agreement, we issued to the selling shareholders at
the closing of the MakerBot transaction on August 15, 2013, 3,921,660 ordinary
shares (after withholding certain shares for taxes), which together constituted
approximately 9.1% of our issued and outstanding shares as of the closing date
(following the issuance thereof) and which may be sold immediately to the
public. We may also issue up to an additional 2.5 million ordinary shares to the
selling shareholders in respect of periods through the end of 2014 pursuant to
the terms of the MakerBot merger agreement, which may be subsequently resold
without restriction (assuming that the related registration statement that we
filed remains in effect). Sales of a significant number of those shares in a
short period of time could have the effect of depressing the market price of our
ordinary shares. The market price of our ordinary
shares may be subject to fluctuation, regardless of our operating results and
financial condition. As a result, our shareholders could incur substantial
losses. The market price of our ordinary shares
since the Stratasys-Objet merger has been subject to substantial fluctuation.
During 2013 and the early part of 2014 (through February 14, 2014), our ordinary
shares have traded at prices ranging from $ 62.50 to $136.46. It is likely that
the price of our ordinary shares will continue to be subject to substantial
fluctuation regardless of our operating results or financial condition due to a
number of factors, including: whether we achieve the perceived benefits of the
 Stratasys-Objet merger or other mergers or acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or
 industry analysts; whether the effects of the Stratasys-Objet merger
 or other mergers or acquisitions on our business and prospects are consistent with the expectations of financial or industry
 analysts; variations in our and our competitors' results of
 operations and financial condition; market acceptance of our products; the mix of products that we sell, and related
 services that we provide, during any period; changes in earnings estimates or recommendations
 by securities analysts; development of new competitive systems and
 services by others; our announcements of technological innovations or
 new products; delays between our expenditures to develop and
 market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products; developments concerning intellectual property
 rights; changes in the amount that we spend to develop,
 acquire or license new products, technologies or businesses; changes in our expenditures to promote our
 products and services; changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty
 obligations and servicing our installed base of systems; success or failure of research and development
 projects of the combined company or its competitors; the general tendency towards volatility in the
 market prices of shares of technology companies; and general market conditions and other factors,
 including factors unrelated to our operating performance. These factors and any corresponding price
fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our
ordinary shares and result in substantial losses being incurred by our
shareholders. Market prices for securities of technology
companies historically have been very volatile. The market for these securities
has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations for
reasons unrelated to the operating performance of any one company. In the past,
following periods of market volatility, public company shareholders have often
instituted securities class action litigation. Such securities litigation could
result in substantial costs and divert the resources and attention of our
management from our business. 23 If equity research analysts do not
publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable
commentary or downgrade our ordinary shares, the price of the ordinary shares
could decline. The trading market for our ordinary shares
relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish
about our company and its business. We do not have control over these analysts
and do not have commitments from them to write research reports about us. The
price of our ordinary shares could decline if one or more equity research
analysts downgrades the ordinary shares or if those analysts issue other
unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about our company or our
business. Our class A and class B directors
are serving for an initial term of two years, and during that period
shareholders will be able to remove them, elect directors or otherwise change
the composition of the board of directors only under very limited
circumstances. Under our amended and restated articles of
association, as amended at our 2013 annual general meeting, or the amended
articles, which govern the rights of our shareholders, until December 1, 2014,
the second anniversary of the Stratasys-Objet merger, our board of directors is
separated into two classes plus one unclassified director. Such two-year period
is referred to as the initial term. Four class A directors, including one
external director, have been appointed by the former Objet Ltd. board, and four
class B directors have been appointed by the former Stratasys, Inc. board. A
ninth director, who is also a class B director and an external director, has
been appointed by the former Stratasys, Inc. board, subject to the approval of
the former Objet Ltd. board. The tenth, unclassified director was elected by our
shareholders at our 2013 annual general meeting of shareholders. All class A
directors and class B directors will serve as directors during the entire
initial term, except for external directors who will serve for terms of three
years. The unclassified director will serve until the next annual general
meeting of shareholders. Accordingly, during the initial term, our shareholders
will elect only the unclassified director at our annual general meeting of
shareholders. During the initial term, a class A or
class B director may be removed only either for cause by the unanimous vote of
the other directors of his or her class, or under certain other limited
circumstances under the Companies Law. The provision of the amended articles
establishing the classified board of directors during the initial term can be
amended only by the unanimous vote of the directors and the approval of 75% of
the voting power of our shareholders. Furthermore, the provision of the amended
articles regarding removal of directors may be amended only upon the approval of
75% of the voting power of our shareholders. Accordingly, it is unlikely that
holders of our ordinary shares will generally be able to remove any directors or
elect any directors, other than the unclassified director or otherwise change
the composition of our board of directors during the initial term, even if such
holders possess a majority of the voting power of our shareholders. 24 Raising additional capital by
issuing securities may cause dilution to our shareholders. We may need or desire to raise substantial
capital in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many
factors, including, among others: the extent to which we acquire or invest in
 businesses, products or technologies and other strategic relationships; our degree of success in capturing a larger
 portion of additive manufacturing demand; the costs of establishing or acquiring sales,
 marketing and distribution capabilities for our products; the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting
 patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our issued patents and defending intellectual property-related claims;
 and the costs of financing unanticipated working
 capital requirements and responding to competitive pressures. If we raise funds by issuing equity or
convertible debt securities, it will reduce the percentage ownership of our
then-existing shareholders, and the holders of such new securities may have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those possessed by our then-existing
shareholders. We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share price does not
appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and could potentially
suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary shares. We intend to retain all available funds
and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a
result, capital appreciation, if any, of our ordinary shares will be investors'
sole source of a return on their investment for the foreseeable
future. Even if we decide to pay dividends
on our ordinary shares, we may be restricted from doing so or payment of such
dividends may have adverse consequences for our company. Under the Companies Law, dividends may
only be paid out of our profits and other surplus funds (as defined in the
Companies Law) as of the end of the most recent year or as accrued over a period
of the most recent two years, whichever amount is greater, provided that there
is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent us from
satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. In the
event that we do not meet the profit and surplus funds criteria, we can seek the
approval of an Israeli court in order to distribute a dividend. The court may
approve our request if it is convinced that there is no reasonable concern that
the payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and
foreseeable obligations as they become due. Due to the acquisition method of
accounting utilized for the Stratasys-Objet merger under GAAP, pursuant to which
we were deemed to have acquired Objet's assets, we will incur significant annual
amounts of depreciation and amortization expense in respect of those assets (see
note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this annual report
for more information on the method of accounting for the Stratasys-Objet
merger). These significant annual expenses under GAAP might reduce or eliminate
our profits and surplus funds as determined under the Companies Law, and, hence,
may restrict our ability to pay dividends (absent court approval). We are furthermore restricted from
distributing dividends under the terms of our credit agreement and related
agreements that we entered into in November 2013 with Bank of America and the
other lenders party thereto. See “Risks related to our business and financial
condition—Covenants in our credit agreement may restrict our business in many
ways” for more information. In general, the payment of dividends may
also be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. In addition, because we receive
certain benefits under the Israeli law relating to "Approved Enterprise" and
"Beneficiary Enterprise", our payment of dividends (out of tax-exempt income)
may subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not otherwise be
subject. See “Risks related to our operations in Israel—The government tax
benefits that we currently receive require us to meet several conditions and may
be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase our
costs.” 25 We are a foreign private issuer
under the rules and regulations of the Commission and are therefore exempt from
a number of rules under the Exchange Act and are permitted to file less
information with the Commission than a domestic U.S. reporting company, which
will reduce the level and amount of disclosure that you
receive. As a foreign private issuer under the
Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act, including
the proxy rules, which impose certain disclosure and procedural requirements for
proxy solicitations. Moreover, we are not required to file periodic reports and
financial statements with the Commission as frequently or as promptly as
domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the Exchange Act; and
are not required to comply with Regulation FD, which imposes certain
restrictions on the selective disclosure of material information. In addition,
our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting
and “short-swing” profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
and the rules under the Exchange Act with respect to their purchases and sales
of our ordinary shares. Accordingly, you receive less information about our
company than you would receive about a domestic U.S. company, and are afforded
less protection under the U.S. federal securities laws than you would be
afforded in holding securities of a domestic U.S. company. As a foreign private issuer, we are also
permitted, and have begun, to follow certain home country corporate governance
practices instead of those otherwise required under the Listing Rules of the
NASDAQ Stock Market for domestic U.S. issuers. We have informed NASDAQ that we
follow home country practice in Israel with regard to, among other things,
composition of our board of directors (whereby a majority of the members of our
board of directors need not be “independent directors,” as is generally required
for domestic U.S. issuers), director nomination procedure and approval of
compensation of officers. In addition, we have opted to follow home country law
instead of the Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market that require that a
listed company obtain shareholder approval for certain dilutive events, such as
the establishment or amendment of certain equity-based compensation plans, an
issuance that will result in a change of control of the company, certain
transactions other than a public offering involving issuances of a 20% or
greater interest in the company, and certain acquisitions of the stock or assets
of another company. Following our home country governance practices as opposed
to the requirements that would otherwise apply to a United States company listed
on The NASDAQ Global Select Market may provide our shareholders with less
protection than they would have as shareholders of a domestic U.S.
company. Our status as a foreign private issuer is
subject to an annual review and test, and will be tested again as of June 30,
2014 (the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of 2014). If we lose
our status as a foreign private issuer, we will no longer be exempt from such
rules. Among other things, beginning on January 1, 2015, we would be required to
file periodic reports and financial statements as if we were a company
incorporated in the U.S. If we are unable to satisfy the
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as they apply to
a foreign private issuer, or if our internal controls over financial reporting
are not effective, the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned
and our share price may suffer. We are subject to the requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, which requires a company
that is subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. securities laws to
conduct a comprehensive evaluation of its and its subsidiaries' internal
controls over financial reporting. To comply with this statute, we are required
to document and test our internal control procedures, and beginning with the
filing of this annual report, our management is required to assess and issue a
report concerning our internal controls over financial reporting. In addition,
our independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue an
opinion on the effectiveness on our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404. These matters were first tested in connection with the
filing of this annual report with the Commission. With regards to MakerBot's
internal controls over financial reporting, we have elected the one year
exemption available under Section 404 for acquisitions, such that those controls
will not be subject to the Section 404 reporting until the filing of our annual
report on Form 20-F for 2014 with the Commission in 2015. We have prepared for compliance with
Section 404 by strengthening, assessing and testing our system of internal
controls to provide the basis for our management's report. The continuous
process of strengthening our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is
complicated and time-consuming. As our business continues to grow
internationally, our internal controls will become more complex and will require
significantly more resources and attention to ensure that they remain effective
overall. Over the course of testing our internal controls, our management may
identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, which may not be
remedied in a timely manner on an ongoing basis. If our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public
accounting firm identifies material weaknesses in our internal controls,
investor confidence in our financial results may weaken, and our share price may
suffer. 26 If we are classified as a passive
foreign investment company, or PFIC, our U.S. shareholders may suffer adverse
tax consequences. Generally, if for any taxable year, after
applying certain look-through rules, 75% or more of our gross income is passive
income, or at least 50% of the value of our assets are held for the production
of, or produce, passive income, we may be characterized as a PFIC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Passive income for this purpose generally includes,
among other things, certain dividends, interest, royalties, rents and gains from
commodities and securities transactions and from the sale or exchange of
property that gives rise to passive income. If we are a PFIC, gain realized by a
U.S. shareholder on the sale of our ordinary shares may be taxed as ordinary
income (rather than as capital gain income), and an interest charge added to the
tax. Rules similar to those applicable to the taxation of gains realized on the
disposition of our stock would apply to distributions exceeding certain
thresholds. Although we do not believe that we were a
PFIC in 2013, we cannot assure you that the IRS will agree with that conclusion
or that we will not become a PFIC in 2014 or in a subsequent year. The tests for
determining PFIC status are applied annually, and it is difficult to make
accurate predictions of our future income and the future value of our assets.
U.S. shareholders should consult with their own U.S. tax advisors with respect
to the U.S. tax consequences of investing in our ordinary shares. For a
discussion of how we might be characterized as a PFIC and related tax
consequences, please see Item 10.E, “Additional Information—Taxation—U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations—Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign
Investment Company” in our 2012 Annual Report. ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE
COMPANY. A. History and Development
of the Company Our
legal and commercial name is Stratasys Ltd., and we are the product of the 2012
merger of two leading additive manufacturing companies, Stratasys, Inc. and
Objet Ltd. Stratasys, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1989, and Objet Ltd.
was incorporated in Israel in 1998, under the name Objet Geometries Ltd., which
was changed in 2011 to Objet Ltd. On December 1, 2012, the two companies
completed the Stratasys-Objet merger, pursuant to which Stratasys, Inc. became
an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet Ltd., and Objet Ltd. changed its
name to Stratasys Ltd. Also, as part of that transaction, the ordinary shares of
Stratasys Ltd. were listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading
symbol “SSYS”, in place of the listing of the common stock of Stratasys, Inc.,
which had also traded under that symbol. On August 15, 2013 we acquired Cooperation Technology
Corporation, or MakerBot, which was the direct parent company of MakerBot
Industries, LLC, a leader in desktop 3D printing, and which owned and operated
Thingiverse.com, a website dedicated to the sharing of user-created digital
design files. The business of MakerBot (including Thingiverse.com) is now
operated by a subsidiary of our company. We
have dual headquarters. One of our two principal places of business is located
at 7665 Commerce Way, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, and our telephone number there is
(952) 937-3000. Our registered office and our other principal place of business
is located at 2 Holtzman Street, Science Park, P.O. Box 2496, Rehovot 76124,
Israel, and our telephone number at that office is (+972)-74-745-4314. Our agent
in the United States is S. Scott Crump, our Chairman of the Board, whose address
is c/o Stratasys Inc. at the address of our Eden Prairie, Minnesota
headquarters. Our World Wide Web address is www.stratasys.com. The information
contained on that web site (or on our other web sites, including www.objet.com)
is not a part of this annual report. As an Israeli company, we operate under the
provisions of Israel’s Companies Law 5759-1999. In
2013, 2012 and 2011, our capital expenditures amounted to $ 50.1 million , $15.1 million
and $55.7 million, respectively, of which $ 33.3 million, $12.1 million and $12.8
million, respectively, related to the purchase of fixed assets for manufacturing
or engineering development equipment, tooling, leasehold improvements and the
acquisition of computer systems and software applications. These expenditures
included in 2011 $39.1 million in cash paid in the acquisition of Solidscape,
Inc., a manufacturer of high precision 3D printers and a proven leader in
investment casting applications that require ultra-fine feature detail. Our
principal capital expenditures currently in progress are for facility expansion,
research and development, manufacturing equipment and information technology,
for both our Rehovot, Israel and Eden Prairie, Minnesota headquarters. These
expenditures are being financed internally from working capital. 27 B. Business
overview We are a leading global provider of
additive manufacturing, or AM, solutions for the creation of parts used in the
processes of designing and manufacturing products and for the direct manufacture
of end parts. Our solutions are sold under eight brands, with products ranging
from entry-level desktop 3D printers to systems for rapid prototyping, or RP,
and large production systems for direct digital manufacturing, or DDM, and
related services offerings. We also develop, manufacture and sell materials for
use with our systems. We believe that the range of more than 130 3D printing
consumable materials that we offer is the widest in the industry. Our services
offerings include professional services as well as paid parts (provided printed
parts). AM, which is also referred to as 3D
printing, is transforming prototype development manufacturing processes and is
displacing certain segments of traditional, or subtractive, manufacturing
methodologies such as metal extrusion, computer-controlled machining and manual
modeling techniques. With respect to product design and prototype development,
3D printing significantly improves the design process, reduces the time required
for product development and facilitates creativity, while keeping the entire
design process in-house. 3D printing also enables the direct manufacture of
parts that are subsequently incorporated into a user's end product. In addition,
manufacturers are increasingly using 3D printing systems to produce
manufacturing tools and fixtures that aid in their production and assembly
processes. While 3D printing has historically been focused on design and
manufacturing applications, 3D printing is beginning to show signs of broader
adoption with the growth of entry-level desktop 3D printers. We offer a broad range of systems,
consumables and services for additive manufacturing. Our wide range of
solutions, based on our proprietary AM technologies and production materials,
enhance the ability of designers, engineers and manufacturers to: visualize and communicate product ideas and designs; verify the form, fit and function of prototypes; manufacture tools, jigs, fixtures, casts and injection molds used in the
 process of manufacturing end-products; manufacture customized and short-run end-products more efficiently and
 with greater agility; and produce objects that could not otherwise be manufactured through
 subtractive manufacturing methodologies. Our product portfolio consists of four
series of AM systems and the consumables used in those systems. These series are
the MakerBot desktop series, the Idea Series, the Design Series, and the
Production Series. Collectively, this portfolio offers a variety of performance
options for our customers, depending on their desired application, as well as on
the nature and size of the designs, prototypes or end-products they seek to
produce. Our wide range of systems allows us to offer our customers systems at a
number of different price points, depending on the features that our customers
desire. Our products and services are used in
different applications by customers in a broad array of verticals, including
aerospace, automotive, dental and jewelry. Our customers range from individuals
and smaller businesses to large, global enterprises, and we include a number of
Fortune 100 companies amongst our customers. As of December 31, 2013, on a pro forma
basis including sales by MakerBot, we have sold approximately 75,818 systems
globally, including approximately 40,550 sold by MakerBot. We benefit from
recurring revenues from the sale of resin and plastic consumables and the
provision of related services. We provide products and services to our global
customer base through our offices in the United States, Germany, Italy, Brazil,
Japan, China, Hong Kong and Israel, as well as through our worldwide network of
more than 280 agents and resellers. Additionally, through our MakerBot
acquisition, we have added an online sales channel. We have more than 1,800
employees and hold more than 550 granted or pending patents internationally. Industry overview Historically, prototype development and
customized manufacturing have been performed by traditional methods using metal
extrusion, computer-controlled machining and manual modeling techniques, in
which blocks of material are carved or milled into specific objects. These
subtractive manufacturing methodologies have numerous limitations. They often
require specialist technicians and can be time and labor-intensive. The time
intensity of traditional modeling can leave little room for design error or
subsequent redesign without meaningfully impacting a product's time-to-market
and development cost. As a result, prototypes have traditionally been created
only at selected milestones late in the design process, which prevents designers
from truly visualizing and verifying the design of an object in the preliminary
design stage. The inability to iterate a design rapidly hinders collaboration
among design team members and other stakeholders and reduces the ability to
optimize a design, as time-to-market and optimization become necessary
trade-offs in the design process. 28 AM addresses the inherent limitations of
traditional modeling technologies through its combination of functionality,
quality, ease of use, speed and cost. AM can be significantly more efficient and
effective than traditional model-making techniques for use across the design
process, from concept modeling and design review and validation, to fit and
function prototyping, pattern making and tooling, to direct manufacturing of
repeatable, cost-effective parts, short-run parts and customized end products.
Introducing 3D modeling earlier in the design process to evaluate fit, form and
function can result in faster time-to-market and lower product development
costs. For customized manufacturing, 3D printers
eliminate the need for complex manufacturing set-ups and reduce the cost and
lead-time associated with conventional tooling. DDM involves the use of 3D
production systems for the direct manufacture of parts that are subsequently
incorporated into the user's end product or manufacturing process. DDM is
particularly attractive in applications that require short-run or low-volume
parts or rapid turn-around, and for which tooling would not be appropriate due
to small volumes. DDM also enables the production of objects that have been
topologically designed, or designed on the basis of a computerized determination
of where to place the key components of the object and how to connect them, a
process that is generally unavailable using conventional subtractive
manufacturing methodologies. The first commercial 3D printers were
introduced in the early 1990s, and since the early 2000s, 3D printing technology
has evolved significantly in terms of price, variety and quality of materials,
accuracy, ability to create complex objects, ease of use and suitability for
office environments. 3D printing is already replacing traditional prototype
development methodologies across various industries such as architecture,
automotive, aerospace and defense, electronics, medical, footwear, toys,
educational institutions, government and entertainment, underscoring its
potential suitability for an even broader range of industries. Additionally, 3D
printing has created new applications for model-making in certain new market
categories, such as: education, where institutions are increasingly
incorporating 3D printing into their engineering and design course programs;
dental and orthodontic applications, where 3D printed models are being used as
replacements for traditional stone models, implants and surgical guides and for
crowns and bridges for casting; and jewelry, where 3D printers are being used to
produce custom-designed pieces of jewelry. Furthermore, 3D printing is being
used in many industries for the direct digital manufacturing of end-use parts. Desktop 3D printer usage has shown rapid
growth, with the introduction and adoption of affordable entry-level 3D printers
and increased availability of content. These entry-level desktop printers are
driving substantially increased market adoption. We expect that the adoption of
3D printing will continue to increase over the next several years, in terms of
design applications, on the one hand, and DDM applications, on the other hand.
We believe that the expansion of the market will be spurred by increased
proliferation of 3D content and 3D authoring tools (3D CAD and other simplified
3D authoring tools), as well as increased availability of 3D scanners. We also
believe that increased adoption of 3D printing will be facilitated by continued
improvements in 3D printing technology and greater affordability of entry-level
systems. Stratasys solutions Range of solutions We offer a broad range of systems,
consumables and services for additive manufacturing. Our solutions address our
customers' needs for 3D printing, including printing systems, a compatible
scanner, consumables, software, paid parts and professional services, and 3D
content. Our solutions allow our end-users to print
3D objects that enhance their ability to visualize, verify and communicate
product designs, thereby improving the design process and reducing
time-to-market. Our systems create visual aids for concept modeling and
functional prototyping to test fit, form and function, permitting rapid
evaluation of product designs. Using presentation models developed with our
systems, designers and engineers can typically conduct design reviews and
identify potential design flaws and improvements before incurring significant
costs due to re-tooling and re-work, allowing them to optimize a design rapidly
and cost-effectively. These modeling and prototyping processes can furthermore
now be "jumpstarted" via the use of our 3D scanner for our MakerBot systems, which enables the creation
of a 3D file by simply scanning an actual 3D object. 29 Our systems also aid in the communication
of ideas otherwise communicated in abstract or 2D media. For example, a model
produced with our systems may be used as a sales tool, as a model or part
display or simply for use in conducting a focus group. It may also be used for
collaboration in the product design and manufacturing cycles at multiple
locations more quickly, enabling visualization, touch and feel, which can be
critical to the product evaluation or sales process. Our solutions also empower our end-users
to engage in DDM via the use of our systems for the quick and efficient direct
manufacture of parts that are subsequently incorporated into the user's
manufacturing processes or end product. For instance, our solutions enable the
production of manufacturing tools, jigs, fixtures, casts and injection molds
that aid in the customer's production and assembly process. DDM is also
particularly attractive in applications that require short-run or low-volume
parts that require rapid turn-around, and for which tooling would not be
appropriate due to small volumes, such as dental and jewelry applications. Our
solutions also enable the production of objects that generally could not
otherwise be manufactured through subtractive manufacturing methodologies. Range of technologies and
differentiating factors Our solutions are driven by our
proprietary technologies, brought together through the combination of our
constituent companies, each of which was a leader in the AM industry. We hold
more than 550 granted or pending patents internationally, and our AM systems
utilize our patented FDM® and inkjet-based PolyJet™ technologies to enable the
production of prototypes, tools used for production and manufactured goods
directly from 3D CAD files or other 3D content. We believe that our broad range
of product and service offerings, sold under eight different brands, is a
function of our AM technology leadership. A key attribute of our FDM® technology is
its ability to use a variety of production grade thermoplastic building
materials that feature surface resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color,
and mechanical properties necessary for production of functional prototypes and
parts for a variety of industries with specific demands and requirements. Use of
these materials also enables the production of highly durable end parts as well
as objects with soluble cores for the manufacture of hollow parts, the
manufacture of which were previously dependent on slower and more expensive
subtractive manufacturing technologies. We believe that this technology is
differentiated by a number of factors that make it appropriate for 3D printing
and DDM. These factors include: the ability to use FDM® systems in an office
 environment due to the absence of hazardous emissions; the relative absence of post-production
 processing; minimal material waste; better processing and build repeatability; ease of use, minimal system set up
 requirements; no need for costly replacement lasers and laser
 parts; and a high degree of precision and reliability. We believe our 3D inkjet-based printing
technology is primarily differentiated from other competing technologies in its
ability to scale and deliver high-resolution and multi-material printing, in color. Our
easy-to-use, high-speed 3D PolyJet™ printers create high-resolution, smooth
surface finish models that have the look, feel and functionality of the final
designed product. We offer a wide variety of office-friendly resin consumables,
including rigid and flexible (rubber-like) materials and bio-compatible
materials for medical applications. Using our PolyJet™ Matrix technology, our
solutions also offer the only 3D printing systems that deposit multiple materials
simultaneously. This enables users, in a single build process, to print parts
and assemblies made of multiple materials that each retain their distinct mechanical
and physical properties. For example, users can print objects with both rigid
and flexible portions in a single build, or mix different base colors in order to achieve desired color tone. The PolyJet™ Matrix technology also
enables on-demand mixing of a wide variety of resins to create a wide range of
pre-defined Digital Materials, which are composite materials with modified
physical or mechanical and color properties that result from the combination of multiple materials. 30 Our
PolyJet inkjet-based technology is also currently distinguished by its ability
to offer transparent material printing in an office environment system.
Transparency is a desired feature in the design and engineering phases of
product development and is applicable in automotive, consumer products and
consumer electronics. The main applications are lighting components, tubing and
piping, package optimization, and fluid analysis. We also offer Smooth Curvature Printing,
or SCP, thermoplastic ink-jetting technology through our SolidScape brand to
produce wax-like patterns for lost-wax casting/investment casting and mold
making applications. The SCP printer creates solid 3D parts through an additive,
layer-by-layer process, using our SCP thermoplastic ink-jetting technology and
high-precision milling of each layer. The parts produced are extremely high
resolution with very precise details and fine surface finish, making our SCP
systems well-suited for DDM. We offer more than 130 proprietary
materials for our 3D printers, which we believe is the widest range of materials
in the industry. Customers We have a diverse set of customers
worldwide, with no single customer or group of affiliated customers nor any
individual sales agent or group of affiliated sales agents accounting for more
than 10% of our sales in 2013, 2012 or 2011. Our solutions are used across a
wide array of applications in a variety of different industries. Some of the industries that our solutions
are used in, and selected related customers, are: Aerospace: Boeing, Cessna Aircraft, NASA Apparel: Adidas Group, Burton Snowboards, Dolce
 & Gabbana, Nike Automotive: BMW, Ford Motor Company, Hyundai,
 Harley-Davidson, Honda, Toyota, Volkswagen Consumer: Black & Decker, Graco Defense: Lockheed Martin, US Army Depots, US Navy
 Fleet Readiness Center Electronics: Dell, Hewlett Packard, Intel,
 Mitsubishi Electronics, Philips, Pioneer Speaker, Xerox Heavy Equipment: Toro Manufacturing: General Electric Medical: Boston Scientific, Medtronic-Sofamar
 Danek, St. Jude Medical Toys: Hasbro Additional industries we serve include
architecture, dental, educational institutions and jewelry. Our competitive strengths We believe that the following are our key
competitive strengths: Differentiated product offerings with
 superior model quality. Our portfolio of 3D
 printing systems is differentiated through a combination of superior printing
 qualities, accuracy, print speed, the ability to print a range of materials
 with varying levels of strength, chemical and heat resistance, color and
 mechanical properties, the ability to print multiple materials simultaneously
 and suitability for office environments. Our offering spans the spectrum from
 entry-level desktop printers to high-end solutions for complex operations. Our
 FDM-based systems enable highly precise printing of 10 different durable
 thermoplastic materials, enabling a wide range of DDM applications with little
 or no post-production processing. Our PolyJet inkjet-based systems jet
 ultra-thin layers of material that enable significant accuracy, high
 resolution and smooth finish to printed models. For use with these systems we
 offer a wide variety of office-friendly resin consumables, including rigid,
 flexible (rubber-like), transparent and color materials. We believe we offer
 the only printing system that utilizes the simultaneous jetting of three
 materials to enable end-users to print models with rigid, flexible and color
 materials, in virtually unlimited combinations, in a single build. Our
 SolidScape SCP thermoplastic ink-jetting technology offers high-precision
 milling of each printed layer, enabling extremely high resolution with precise
 details and fine surface finish. Proprietary technology platforms with
 multidisciplinary technological expertise. We believe that our proprietary 3D FDM and 3D inkjet-based PolyJet printing
 engines offer end users the versatility and differentiated features necessary
 for a wide variety of current and potential applications. We combine our
 proprietary hardware platforms, featuring widely-deployed inkjet printer heads
 or easy-to-use extrusion heads with integrated software and more than 130
 proprietary materials to develop and produce leading 3D printing systems. This
 allows us to offer a spectrum of 3D printers and printing systems of varying
 features, capacities and price points, and to migrate the advanced features of
 our high-end products to our entry-level products with greater efficiency. Our
 3D printing solutions integrate innovations in a wide range of scientific
 disciplines, such as physics, chemistry, and mechanical and electrical
 engineering, as well as software development. We have made significant
 investments in developing and integrating technologies into our hardware
 platform, software and proprietary consumables. We believe that we have a
 strong base of technology know-how. Our patent portfolio consists of more than 550 granted or pending patents internationally. We believe that we have a
 culture of innovation, and we expect to continue to enhance our solutions both
 to further drive market adoption of 3D printing and to broaden our market
 reach. 31 Large and growing installed base. Our differentiated offerings have led to a large and growing installed base.
 As of December 31, 2013, on a pro forma basis including sales by MakerBot, we
 have sold approximately 75,818 systems globally, including approximately 40,550 sold by MakerBot. The significant installed base has resulted in
 greater distribution reach and enhanced opportunities for cross selling, given
 the significantly broadened and complementary product offerings. It
 furthermore presents us with an opportunity to generate recurring revenues
 from sales of consumables to the installed base. Leading position in desktop 3D printing. With the recent acquisition of MakerBot, we have expanded our
 solutions for 3D printing, encompassing accessible desktop 3D
 printers and materials and leading content creation and sharing solutions. We
 believe that this category is poised for significant growth driven by broader
 adoption of 3D printing and an increase the in number of applications where 3D
 printing is used. We believe our installed base, brand awareness and portfolio
 of solutions in this category positions us well to capitalize on the continued
 growth of this category. Diverse, global customer base. We
 have a broad customer base, ranging from global market leading brands to small
 businesses and professionals and individuals. Our end-users include companies
 across a wide range of industries and applications, including automotive,
 aerospace, architecture, consumer products, educational institutions, defense,
 medical analysis, medical systems, electronics, and heavy equipment. Our
 clients include: aerospace companies such as Boeing and Cessna; apparel
 companies such as Burton Snowboards and Dolce & Gabbana; automotive
 industry participants such as BMW, Ford and Volkswagen; consumer goods
 companies such as Black & Decker, Dell and Philips; toy companies such as
 Hasbro and Lego; medical equipment companies such as Boston Scientific and St.
 Jude Medical; and sporting goods companies such as the Adidas Group and
 Nike. Extensive global reach. With more
 than 280 channel partners around the world, we are well-positioned to leverage
 the extensive geographic reach of our marketing and sales organization to
 serve customers and grow awareness of 3D printing for RP and DDM. The merger
 between Stratasys and Objet has already resulted in greater distribution reach
 and enhanced opportunities for cross selling into our combined company's
 installed base, given the significantly broadened and complementary product
 offerings the merger produced. In addition, through the MakerBot transaction
 we have added an online sales channel. Experienced management team. The
 combination of Stratasys and Objet, and the subsequent acquisition of MakerBot, has further strengthened our industry
 experience and our capability to run larger organizations. Additionally, our
 increased size has allowed us to attract talent with large-company experience.
 Our management team has a proven track record of leadership and we believe
 they are well positioned to continue to drive growth in our
 business. Our growth strategy The key elements of our strategy for
growth include the following: Identifying new vertical applications for our proprietary 3D
 printing technologies. We believe that the
 proliferation of 3D content, advancements in AM technology platforms and the
 introduction of improved materials will continue to drive growth in 3D
 printing. We intend to invest in the identification of new applications
 (especially DDM applications) for which our proprietary printing technologies
 and materials are appropriate. In addition, we seek relevant niche
 applications where AM can provide substantial value, and develop a
 comprehensive solution to address these opportunities. We also intend to
 encourage existing and potential customers to identify new applications in
 part by increasing awareness of the features of our technology and product
 offerings. 32 Driving further adoption through desktop systems. We expect to drive market adoption
 through increased sales of our desktop systems. These systems are expected
 to penetrate a broad and largely untapped addressable market, targeting small
 design teams within large organizations, small and medium-sized businesses and
 individuals. We expect to leverage our growing Thingiverse community to
 accelerate adoption. We expect to incorporate certain additional features of
 our high-end series of printers into our entry-level series over
 time. Leveraging our global reach to expand the customer base and
 further penetrate existing customers. We have
 a network of more than 280 resellers and selling agents around the world and a
 growing online channel. We will seek to increase the penetration of our
 existing customer base by enabling customers to streamline purchasing
 processes and by increasing cross-selling into our installed base. We intend
 to reach new customers and increase sales to existing customers by providing
 access to new solutions that address customers' specific needs. As part of
 this strategy we intend to grow awareness of 3D printing solutions for RP and
 DDM and to develop industry specific sales channels as part of our effort to
 commercialize a broader range of new DDM applications. Additionally, we expect
 to significantly expand our online presence and leverage our retail channel. Maintaining and extending our technology lead. Our multidisciplinary technological leadership, as
 evidenced by our more than 550 granted or pending patents internationally,
 underpins our proprietary hardware, integrated software and range of more than
 130 3D printing materials. We will seek to extend our technological
 capabilities by continuing to invest in our R&D efforts, which focus on
 enhancing our 3D PolyJet printing and FDM technologies as well as developing
 new innovative solutions for 3D printing. In addition, we will continue
 developing consumables that offer an even broader array of physical,
 mechanical and aesthetic properties, thereby broadening user applications. We
 believe that by enhancing our AM technological capabilities and by developing
 and introducing new materials for our 3D printing and production systems, we
 will be able to increase both the size of, and our share of, the 3D printing
 marketplace. Continuing servicing our installed base. Today our company has the largest AM solutions installed base in the
 industry. We consider the relationship with our customers to be a valuable
 asset, as reflected in our customer satisfaction surveys. We plan to continue
 nurturing these relationships to enhance the intimacy with our customers,
 which will allow us to address their needs better through innovative and
 holistic prototyping and manufacturing solutions of printers and materials, AM
 printed parts service and advanced professional services. Growing through complementary acquisitions. We intend to selectively pursue acquisitions to expand our
 product offerings and penetration. Accordingly, we may consider acquisitions
 and investments in order to effect and accelerate our other growth strategies.
 Our recent acquisition of MakerBot exemplifies this strategy. Products and services Our product portfolio consists of four
series of AM systems and the consumables used by those systems. Our product
series are the MakerBot desktop series, the Idea Series, the Design Series, and
the Production Series. We sell seven different brands across these product
series: MakerBot, Mojo, uPrint, Dimension, Objet, Fortus and SolidScape.
Collectively, this portfolio of products offers a broad range of performance
options for users, depending on their desired application, as well as on the
nature and size of the designs, prototypes or end-products they seek to produce.
Our products are available at a variety of different price points and include
entry-level desktop 3D printers, a range of systems for RP, and large production
systems for DDM. We also offer a range of more than 130 3D printing materials.
The performance of our different systems varies in terms of capabilities which
are related to the following features: print speed; resolution; materials; resin cartridge capacity and filament spool size; maximum model size, or tray size; and duty cycle, or the number of objects that a printer can produce over a
 given period of time without requiring maintenance. 33 Our systems also integrate our software
and are supported by services that we provide to our customers, both directly
and through our reseller channel. Printing systems Our AM systems are described below: MakerBot desktop
series: Our MakerBot desktop series
represents our 3D desktop printers. These printers are affordable,
designed for easy, desktop use and are typically used by individuals operating
alone or within an enterprise. We acquired MakerBot in August 2013 to enhance
our desktop offerings. The MakerBot portfolio includes the Replicator
printer series as well as the recently introduced Digitzer, which is a 3D
scanner that allows customers to scan an object and convert it into a digital
file that can subsequently be printed. Idea Series: The Idea Series includes our lower capacity, affordable set of 3D printers for professional use. This series comprises the
MoJo and uPrint product families, both of which are FDM-based. These products
are designed for easy use in an office environment and produce
professional grade parts using our ABS line of thermoplastics. Design Series: Our Design Series includes the Dimension and Objet brands.
The Dimension brand features our FDM technology and the Objet brand features our
PolyJet-based technology. The technology available in this series makes it well
suited for all aspects of RP, from design visualization and communication to
form and fit verification to model building for functional testing. This series
also offers a variety of products that provide customers with a broad range of
choices of features such as printing capacity, production speed and price. The
Dimension product line uses our FDM technology and allows users to create parts
in ABSplus plastic. This material enables production of parts with the strength
required for true form, fit and functional testing. The Objet branded products
include the Connex, Eden and Desktop 3D printers. Connex is our most advanced
PolyJet-based printer line featuring the highest capacity and offering the
broadest set of features, including the ability to jet three materials
simultaneously, with rigid, flexible and color characteristics, in virtually
unlimited combinations, in a single build. Production Series: The Production Series includes our Fortus and SolidScape
brands, both of which are typically used for DDM applications. Our Fortus family
of products is based on FDM technology and offers large build envelopes and
multiple material options. Fortus 3D Production Systems produce accurate,
durable prototypes and production-grade parts and end-products using
high-performance thermoplastics. These features, together with the Fortus
family's differentiated printing and operational features, enable this series to
address many applications within the DDM market. Our Fortus systems use InSight
software which offers the customer an array of features, ranging from a fully
automated build process to one that allows the user to customize each step. We
also offer our SolidScape line of 3D printers for DDM applications. This line of
products combines patent-protected, SCP thermoplastic ink-jetting technology and
high-precision milling of each layer, with our proprietary graphical front-end
ModelWorks software. Objects created with these systems feature extremely high
pattern resolution and accuracy and are used primarily for jewelry products. Consumable materials We sell a broad range of more than 130
materials for use in our 3D printers and production systems. The sale of these
materials provides us with a recurring revenue stream from users of our 3D
printers and production systems. The materials we sell are described below: FDM-based consumable materials The modeling and support filament used in
the FDM-based 3D printers and production systems features a wide variety of
production grade thermoplastic materials. We continue to develop filament
modeling materials that meet our customers' needs for increased speed, strength,
accuracy, surface resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color, and
mechanical properties. These materials are processed into our proprietary
filament form, which is then utilized by our FDM systems. Our spool-based system
has proven to be a significant advantage for our products, because it allows the user to quickly change material by simply
mounting the lightweight spool and feeding the desired filament into the FDM
devices that are office friendly. Currently, we have a variety of build
materials in multiple colors commercially available for use with our FDM
technology. 34 Each material has specific characteristics
that make it appropriate for various applications. The ability to use different
materials allows the user to match the material to the end use application,
whether it is a pattern for tooling, a concept model, a functional prototype, a
DDM manufacturing tool, or a DDM end use part. PolyJet-based resin consumables Our resin consumables, which consist of
our PolyJet FullCure family of proprietary acrylic-based photopolymer materials,
are designed for use with our PolyJet printing systems and enable users of those
products to create highly accurate, finely detailed 3D models and parts for a
wide range of prototype development and customized manufacturing applications.
The wide variety of resins within the FullCure family is characterized by
transparent, colored, or opaque visual properties and flexible, rigid or other
physical properties. The FullCure support materials that are used together with
FullCure model materials enable the 3D printing of models with a wide array of
complex geometries. Our FullCure materials are produced in-house and are
specially designed for our printing systems. We have invested significant research and
development efforts in optimizing our FullCure materials for use with inkjet
technology. These efforts are reflected in the properties of these materials,
which enable them to be packaged, stored, combined and readily cured upon
printing. Our FullCure materials are packaged in cartridges for safe handling
and are suitable for use in office environments and can also be machined,
drilled, chrome-plated or painted in most cases. SCP inkjet-based consumable materials Our SolidScape 3D materials are non-toxic
thermoplastic materials featuring excellent lost wax casting qualities,
including fast melt out, no ash or residue and no thermal expansion. Currently,
we have three modeling materials commercially available for use with our
SolidScape technology. These include materials formulated specifically for
particular industries, such as a thermalpolyester formula developed to help
retail jewelers and manufacturers meet the demand for finished goods using less
precious materials and a thermalpolyester material formulated to deliver high
casting yields for dental applications. Integrated software We offer suites of integrated software
with our various AM systems; each is designed to make the process of creating
high-quality, highly detailed and accurate models more efficient. Our software
supports commonly used 3D file formats and converts three-dimensional CAD
databases into the appropriate code to operate our AM systems. Our software also
provides a wide range of features, including automatic support generation, part
scaling, positioning and nesting, as well as geometric editing capabilities. Our different software suites are designed
for our different AM systems and their different applications. Accordingly,
certain software focuses on increasing build speed and improving the design
engineer's control and efficiency over the entire build process. Other software
suites offer simple “click & build” preparation and print tray editing, and
provide easy, accurate job timing estimation and full job control, including
queue management. Similarly, we offer software that allows users to make
adjustments to 3D printing properties. For example, for our Connex line of 3D
printers, our software enables users to change the color and material mix in the printing
process, allowing users to modify quickly the properties of the model being
printed. The software designed for our PolyJet
inkjet-based 3D printers enables users to work in parallel and send jobs from
any network computer to the server. Jobs enter the queue either according to the
parameters configured by the system administrator, or in chronological order.
The queue is therefore easily managed, as each user has access to his or her
jobs and the administrator can set and adjust parameters and access permissions.
In configurations of multiple printing systems on the network, each user
automatically receives the parameters of the selected system, such as tray size,
loaded materials, and queue status, helping ensure easy, error-free tray setup. 35 Online Community Thingiverse.com Thingiverse is our online community of
downloadable digital designs for making physical objects with our MakerBot
printing systems. The Thingiverse platform enables users of our MakerBot systems
to share and customize their digital designs that can then be printed on
MakerBot printers. We believe that Thingiverse is the largest repository of 3D
printing content available to consumers. Thingiverse includes more than 150,000 designs available for downloading. We furthermore operate an online MakerBot digital store in which we sell printable and paintable digital 3D models, which are designed to be printed on the MakerBot fifth generation desktop 3D printers and the MakerBot Replicator 2 Desktop 3D Printer (fourth generation). Our services Support services and warranty Customer support Our customer support department provides
on-site system installation, basic operation training, a full range of
maintenance and repair services and remote technical support to users of our
products. We provide support to our customers directly and through our
resellers, ensuring that support and parts may be readily obtained worldwide. We
also offer training to our customers, particularly on our high-performance
systems. Our support network consists of the following: More than 500 trained, Stratasys-certified engineers providing worldwide,
 on-site installation, training and support. Direct support engineers through our company. Indirect support engineers through certified partners, including
 third-party service organizations or selected resellers who provide support
 for our systems. Phone and direct on-site support in four languages. Service logistics in key regional centers. Training facilities and resources in regional centers. Computerized management system and knowledge distribution platform to
 ensure high-quality support for our customers, including secure remote access
 to a customer service database containing service history and technical
 documentation to aid in troubleshooting and repairing systems. Support, tools and up-to-date information to our direct customer and
 distribution channels from our product support engineering team. Our goal is to ensure maximum uptime and
productivity for our AM systems. In order to do so, we regularly update the
technical documentation related to our systems, offer extensive training courses
for operators and promote proactive knowledge sharing designed to help users
maximize the value of their equipment and expand the applications for which they
employ our 3D printing and production systems. We offer services on a time and materials
basis as well as through a number of post-warranty maintenance contracts with
varying levels of support and pricing, as described below under “Extended
support programs.” 36 Customer support is represented on
cross-functional product development teams within our company to ensure that
products are designed for serviceability and to provide our internal design and
engineering departments with feedback on field issues. Failure analysis,
corrective action, and continuation engineering efforts are driven by data
collected in the field. Ongoing customer support initiatives include development
of advanced diagnostic and troubleshooting techniques and comprehensive
preventative maintenance programs, an expanded training and certification
program for Stratasys and Stratasys partners' technical personnel, and improved
communication between the field and the factory. Basic warranty Our printing systems are sold with
warranties that range from 90 days to one year from installation, depending upon
the product line and geographic location. Warranties are generally accompanied
by on-site maintenance support. Receipt of maintenance and repair services after
the warranty period is subject to the terms of our extended support programs, to
the extent purchased by the end-user, as described below. Extended support programs Recognizing that our end-users have
varying support needs, we offer a range of support programs that enable our
end-users to continue to receive maintenance services beyond the initial
warranty period. These support programs contain varying degrees of the support
services described above and are priced accordingly. 37 Leasing In the United States, we offer our
customers the option to lease or rent 3D printers and 3D production systems. RedEye paid-parts service Our RedEye paid-parts service produces
prototypes and end-use parts for customers from a customer-provided CAD file.
This allows the customer to benefit from our knowledge base, capitalize on the
variety of materials and machine types available through our service center, and
take advantage of additional capacity using the latest in proven RP and DDM
technologies and processes. Our RedEye on Demand website service,
www.redeyeondemand.com, enables our customers to obtain quotes and order parts
around the clock, seven days a week. RedEye also has a relationship with two
foreign service bureaus that use our 3D printers, along with other technologies,
to produce prototypes. We collect a portion of the revenue generated by these
printers. Marketing, sales and distribution Marketing Our marketing strategy is focused on
increasing awareness of our brands in order to generate sales and increase
customer loyalty. We also focus heavily upon the identification of customer
needs. We initiate marketing programs and campaigns to drive lead generation
throughout the regions in which we and our resellers and agents operate. We
customize our sales pipeline-building activities and programs to
industry-specific requirements. This infrastructure allows us to measure and
analyze the success of various marketing tactics. Based on our analysis, we
create and update our product roadmaps and individual marketing plans to help
optimize distribution while helping ensure a smooth process of release, ramp-up
and sales. We use a variety of inbound and outbound
marketing methods to reach potential customers. Inbound methods include a
variety of online marketing strategies comprising search marketing (for example,
Search Engine Optimization and Pay-Per-Click advertising), social media, blogs,
syndication, webinars and white papers. Outbound channels include more
traditional marketing methods such as press releases, print advertisements,
trade magazine articles, direct mail and e-mail, websites, brochures,
tradeshows, newsletters, industry associations and referrals. In addition, we
have developed domestic and international on-site demonstration capabilities in
certain of our regional offices. Sales distribution
methods Our sales organization sells, distributes
and provides follow-up support services with respect to our AM systems and
related consumables, through a worldwide sales and marketing infrastructure. We
generally use three methods for distribution and support: (i) sales to resellers
who purchase and resell our products and through whom follow-up support and
maintenance services and replacement parts are provided to end-users; (ii) sales
of systems that are arranged by a network of independent sales agents worldwide,
pursuant to which we sell directly to end-users, pay commissions to such agents,
and directly handle the sale of consumables and provision of follow-up support
services; and (iii) direct sales of systems to end-users without the involvement
of any intermediaries, for which all aspects of our sales and follow-up services
are handled exclusively by our company. In certain instances, the same
individual or company can serve as a reseller with respect to certain of our
products while acting as an independent sales agent for other products. Our
resellers and independent sales agents are overseen by regional managers and
operate on a non-exclusive basis, although we believe that most do not sell
competing 3D printers or production systems. Almost all of the reseller and independent
sales agent locations that distribute our products have our 3D printing and
production systems available for tradeshows, product demonstrations, and other
promotional activities. Additionally, many of them enjoy a long-term presence
and offer third-party 3D CAD software packages in their respective territories,
enabling them to cross-sell our systems to customers who purchase those other
products. In addition to our direct and indirect
seller network, we also offer our MakerBot desktop series and related
consumables and services through our online, as well as retail,
channels. 38 Geographical structure of sales
organization The sales organization for our 3D printers
and production systems and consumables is divided into groups based on the
following geographical regions: North America; Europe and Middle East; Asia
Pacific; and Latin America. This structure allows us to align our sales and
marketing resources with our diverse customer base. Our sales organization in
each region provides sales support to the network of independent reseller and
sales agent locations throughout the particular region. We also operate sales
and service centers in various locations throughout North America and
internationally, including: Shanghai, China; Frankfurt, Germany; Genoa, Italy;
São Paulo, Brazil; Bangalore, India; Tokyo, Japan; and Hong Kong. Manufacturing and suppliers Manufacturing Our manufacturing process consists of
assembling systems using both off-the-shelf and customized components
manufactured specifically for us and producing and packaging the consumables
products to be used by our systems. Our core competencies include printing
systems assembly, systems integration, software installation and resin and
filament manufacturing, all of which are done internally at our facilities. We
currently operate on a build-to-forecast basis and obtain all parts used in the
manufacturing process from either distributors of standard electrical or
mechanical parts or custom fabricators of our proprietary designs. Our
manufacturers and suppliers are periodically assessed by us based on their
on-time performance and quality. We purchase major component parts for our
3D printing and production systems from various suppliers, subcontractors and
other sources, and assemble them in our U.S. and Israeli facilities. Our
production floors have been organized using demand-flow techniques, or DFT, in
order to achieve efficiency, quality and balance of our production lines. As
capacity constraints arise, because of our use of DFT, we can avoid the
requirements of reconfiguring our production floor. Computer-based Material Requirements
Planning, or MRP, is used for reordering to better ensure on-time delivery of
parts and raw materials. Operators and assemblers are trained on assembly and
test procedures including Assembly Requirement Documents, which originate in
engineering. In our manufacturing processes, we employ a Quality Management
System, or QMS, that meets international quality standards including ISO
9001:2008 and ISO 13485:2003, which relates to medical devices. We also
outsource the manufacture of main subassemblies up to fully assembled systems
ready for integration. Our system assembly process includes
semi-automated functional tests of key subassemblies. Key functional
characteristics are verified through these tests, and the results are stored in
a statistical database. Upon completion of the assembly of our 3D
printing and production systems, we perform a complete power up and final
quality tests to help ensure the quality of our products before shipment to
customers. The final quality tests must be run error-free before the system can
be cleared for shipment. We maintain a history log of all products that shows
revision level configuration and a complete history during the manufacturing and
test process. All identified issues on the system during the manufacturing
process are logged, tracked and used to make continuous production process
improvements. The commonality of designs among our different product families
eases the transition to manufacturing new designs. Our filament production uses Factory
Physics® techniques to manage critical buffers of time, capacity and inventory
to ensure product availability. We also use the “5S” method (Sort, Set-in-order,
Shine, Standardize and Sustain) as part of our lean manufacturing initiatives to
improve organization and efficiency. Inventory and suppliers We maintain an inventory of parts to
facilitate the timely assembly of products required by our production plan.
While most components are available from multiple suppliers, certain components
used in our systems and consumables are only available from single or limited
sources. In particular, the printer heads for our PolyJet 3D printing systems
are supplied by a sole supplier, Ricoh. We consider our single and
limited-source suppliers (including Ricoh) to be reliable, but the loss of one
of these suppliers could result in the delay of the manufacture and delivery of
the relevant components (and, ultimately, of our products). This type of delay
could require us to find and re-qualify the component supplied by one or more
new vendors. Although we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be
good, we continue to develop risk management plans for these critical suppliers.
In order to hedge against the risk of a discontinuation of the supply of our
inkjet printer heads in particular, we maintain a reasonable supply of excess
inventory of printer heads. 39 Ricoh Agreement We purchase the printer heads for our
inkjet 3D printing systems from Ricoh pursuant to an OEM Purchase and License
Agreement with Ricoh, effective as of May 5, 2011, or the Ricoh Agreement. The
current Ricoh Agreement replaced our original agreement with Ricoh that had been
entered into in June 2000 and amended on various occasions subsequently, and
which expired upon the effectiveness of the new Ricoh Agreement. Under the Ricoh Agreement, we place orders
for print heads and associated electronic components, or the Ricoh Products.
Together with provision of these items, Ricoh provides us with a
non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell the Ricoh
Products under Ricoh's patent rights and trade secrets. Pricing under the Ricoh Agreement depends
on the quantity of Ricoh Products that we purchase during any given month, and
to the extent that we commit to a certain annual minimum prior to an upcoming
year, we receive a set, discounted price for all Ricoh Products ordered during
that upcoming year. The Ricoh Agreement runs for an initial
term of five years and automatically renews for additional one-year periods
thereafter unless either party provides the other six months' advance written
notice of termination prior to the end of the then-current term. The Ricoh
Agreement may be cancelled by either party if (i) the other party substantially
breaches any material provision of the agreement and has not cured such breach
within 30 days of receipt of written notice thereof, or (ii) upon the occurrence
of certain bankruptcy events, and may furthermore be cancelled by Ricoh if we
fail to cure a breach of an undisputed payment obligation within thirty (30)
days of the breach. At any time during the term of the Ricoh
Agreement, Ricoh may discontinue the manufacture and supply of a print head
model, so long as it provides us with at least eighteen (18) months' prior
written notice of such discontinuance and honors all of our purchase orders for
the subject print head model within the notice period. During the period of five
years from the earlier of either the termination of the Ricoh Agreement or the
date of discontinuance of the manufacture of Ricoh Products (that is, following
the 18-month notice period described in the previous sentence), we are entitled
to purchase additional Ricoh Products for the sole purpose of providing
replacements for the installed base of Ricoh Products, including one final
purchase order that we may place in the final year of such five-year period and
that must be filled by Ricoh within twelve months of when it is placed. The Ricoh Agreement may not be assigned by
either party without the other party's prior written consent, which may not be
unreasonably withheld. Research and development We maintain an ongoing program of research
and development, or R&D, to develop new systems and materials and to enhance
our existing product lines, as well as to improve and expand the capabilities of
our systems and related software and materials. This includes significant
technology platform developments for our FDM, PolyJet and DoD technologies, our
3D printing and production systems, including our integrated software, and our
family of proprietary acrylic-based photopolymer materials for PolyJet printing
and family of proprietary thermoplastic materials for FDM printing. Our research
aims to develop improved and more affordable products. Our engineering
development efforts also focus on customer requested enhancements, and
development of new modeling processes, software and user applications. In
particular, we have devoted significant time and resources to the development of
a universally compatible and user-friendly software system. 40 Our R&D department is divided into
groups based on scientific disciplines and product lines. We are committed to
designing products using the principles of Six Sigma. We continue to standardize
our product platforms, leveraging each new design so that it will result in
multiple product offerings that are developed faster and at reduced expense. We invest a significant amount of our
resources in R&D, because we believe that superior technology is key to
maintaining a leading market position. Our net R&D expenses were
approximately $52.3 million, $19.7 million, and $14.4 million in the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and, on a pro-forma basis for
our combined company, were approximately $36.9 million and $31.9 million in 2012
and 2011, respectively, representing 10.3% and 11.5% of our revenues on a
pro-forma basis in those years. Our consumable materials development and
production operations for our FDM and PolyJet systems are located at our facilities in Eden Prairie, MN, and
Kiryat Gat, Israel. The development and production facility for our SolidScape operations are located in
Merrimack, New Hampshire, whereas the facilities for our MakerBot operations are located in various locations. We regard the consumable
materials formulation and manufacturing process as a trade secret and hold
patent claims related to these products. We purchase and formulate raw materials
for our consumables production from various polymer resin and thermoplastic
materials suppliers with different levels of processing and value-add applied to
the raw materials. Intellectual property We consider our proprietary technology to
be important to the development, manufacture, and sale of our products and seek
to protect such technology through a combination of patents, trade secrets, and
confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our
employees, consultants, customers and others. All patents and patent
applications for rapid prototyping processes and apparatuses associated with our
technology were assigned to us by their inventors. We have more than 550 granted
or pending patents internationally. The principal granted patents relate to our
FDM systems, our PolyJet and PolyJet Matrix technologies, our 3D printing
processes and our consumables, with expiration dates ranging from 2013 to 2031. We are also a party to various licenses
and other arrangements that allow us to practice and improve our technology
under a broad range of patents, patent applications and other intellectual
property, including a cross-license agreement with 3D Systems Corporation under
which each party licensed certain patents of the other party, and an assignment
of rights to us related to UV polymer-based U.S. patents, which underlie certain
technologies that compete with ours. In addition, we own the registered
trademarks “Stratasys,” “Objet,” “FDM,” “Fortus,” “Dimension,” “uPrint,” “Mojo,”
“Catalyst,” “WaveWash,” “Ecoworks,” “FullCure,” “Redeye,” “Xpress3D,”
“Solidscape,” “SCP” “MakerBot,”, “Thingiverse,“and “Replicator” and make use of a number of additional registered and
unregistered trademarks, including “Connex,” “Eden,” “PolyJet,” “PolyJet
Matrix,” “FDM Technology,” “For a 3D World,” “Tango,” and “Vero.” However, we do
not believe that any of our trademarks are material to our competitive
position.. We believe that, while our patents provide
us with a competitive advantage, our success depends primarily on our marketing,
business development, applications know-how and ongoing research and development
efforts. Accordingly, we believe that the expiration of any single patent, or
the failure of any of single patent application to result in an issued patent,
would not be material to our business or financial position. In any event, there
can be no assurance that our patents or other intellectual property rights will
afford us a meaningful competitive advantage. Please see the risk factor related
to the expiration of our patents in “Risk factors.” Competition Our principal competitors consist of other
developers of additive manufacturing systems as well as other companies that use
FDM and inkjet-based technologies to compete in additive manufacturing. A
variety of additive manufacturing technologies compete with our proprietary
technologies, including: Stereolithography; Selective Laser Sintering; Power Binding; and Digital Light Projection. 41 The companies that use these technologies
to compete with us include 3D Systems Corporation, EOS GmbH and EnvisionTEC
GmbH. These technologies, which compete for
additive manufacturing users, possess various competitive advantages and
disadvantages relative to one another within the key categories upon which
competition centers, including resolution, accuracy, surface quality, variety
and properties of the materials they use and produce, capacity, speed, color,
transparency, the ability to print multiple materials and others. Due to these
multiple categories, end-users usually make purchasing decisions as to which
technology to choose based on the characteristics that they value most. This
decision is often application specific. The competitive environment that has
developed is therefore intense and dynamic, as players often position their
technologies to capture demand in various verticals simultaneously. We are positioned to compete in our
industry mainly on the following bases, which we view as competitive
strengths: material properties of printed objects, such as heat resistance,
 toughness, brittleness, elongation-to-break and flexibility; quality of printed objects measured by, among other things, resolution,
 accuracy and surface quality; multiple production-grade modeling materials; reliability of printing systems; speed of printing, including a one-step automated modeling process; customer service; ability to be used in an office environment; ease of use; and automatic, hands-free support removal. We offer a wide range of systems with
varying features, capacities and price points. We believe that this enables us
to compete with the other additive manufacturing technologies for a wide range
of customers with a variety of applications and goals for their additive
manufacturing. We also compete with companies that use
traditional prototype development and customized manufacturing technologies, and
expect future competition to arise from the development of new technologies or
techniques. Seasonality Historically, our results of operations
have been subject to seasonal factors. Stronger demand for our products has
occurred in our fourth quarter primarily due to our customers' capital
expenditure budget cycles and our sales compensation incentive programs. Our
first and third quarters have historically been our weakest quarters for overall
unit demand. Although the first quarter has had higher volumes in recent years
from the successful introduction of new products, it is typically a slow quarter
for capital expenditures in general. The third quarter is typically when we see
our largest volume of educational related sales, which normally qualify for
special discounts as part of our long-term penetration strategy. We furthermore experience seasonality
within individual fiscal quarters, as a substantial percentage of our system
sales often occur within the last month of each fiscal quarter. This trend has
the potential to expose our quarterly or annual operating results to the risk of
unexpected, decreased revenues in the case of our inability to build systems,
consummate sales and recognize the accompanying revenues prior to the end of a
given quarter. Global operations We have offices in the United States,
Israel, Germany, Italy, China, Hong Kong, Brazil, Italy, Japan and India, and
organize our operations by geographic region, focusing upon the following key
regions: North America; Europe; Asia Pacific; and Latin America. Our products
are distributed in each of these regions, as well as in other parts of the
world. Our customers are dispersed geographically, and we are not reliant on any
single country or region for most of our product sales and services revenues,
although 54% of our 2013 sales were made in North America. A breakdown of our
consolidated revenues by geographic markets and by categories of operations
(that is, products and services) for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 is provided in Item 5.A “Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects—Operating Results.” 42 In maintaining global operations, our
business is exposed to risks inherent in such operations, including currency
fluctuations, market conditions, and inflation in the primary locations in which
our operating expenditures are incurred. Information on currency exchange risk,
market risk, and inflationary risk appears elsewhere in “Risk factors” and in
Item 11 of this annual report, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
About Market Risk—Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.” Employees The total number of our full-time
equivalent employees, and the distribution of our employees (i) geographically
and (ii) within the divisions of our company, in each case as of December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, are set forth in Item 6.D of this annual report
(“Directors, Senior Management and Employees”— “Employees”). Government regulation We are subject to various local, state and
federal laws, regulations and agencies that affect businesses generally. These
include: regulations promulgated by federal and state
 environmental and health agencies; foreign environmental regulations, as described
 under “Environmental matters” immediately below; the federal Occupational Safety and Health
 Administration; the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; laws pertaining to the hiring, treatment, safety
 and discharge of employees; export control regulations for U.S. made products;
 and CE regulations for the European
market. Environmental matters We are subject to various environmental,
health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, including those
governing the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into ground, air or
water; noise emissions, the generation, storage, use, management and disposal of
hazardous waste; the import, export and registration of chemicals; the cleanup
of contaminated sites; and the health and safety of our employees. Based on
information currently available to us, we do not expect environmental costs and
contingencies to have a material adverse effect on our operations. The operation
of our facilities, however, entails risks in these areas. Significant
expenditures could be required in the future to comply with environmental or
health and safety laws, regulations or requirements. Under such laws and regulations, we are
required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for
certain operations. In particular, in Israel, where we assemble our inkjet-based
PolyJet 3D printing systems and manufacture our resin consumables, businesses
storing or using certain hazardous materials, including materials necessary for
our Israeli manufacturing process, are required, pursuant to the Israeli
Dangerous Substances Law 5753-1993, to obtain a toxin permit from the Ministry
of Environmental Protection. Our two toxin permits will remain in effect until
November 2016 and February 2015, respectively. In the European marketplace, electrical
and electronic equipment is required to comply with the Directive on Waste
Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which aims to prevent waste by encouraging
reuse and recycling, and the Directive on Restriction of Use of Certain
Hazardous Substances, which restricts the use of six hazardous substances in
electrical and electronic products. Our products and certain components of such
products “put on the market” in the European Union (EU) (whether or not
manufactured in the EU) are subject to these directives. Additionally, we are
required to comply with certain laws, regulations and directives, including TSCA
in the United States and REACH in the EU, governing chemicals. These and similar
laws and regulations require the testing and registration of certain chemicals
that we use and ship. 43 Israeli Tax Considerations and
Government Programs Tax regulations also have a material
impact on our business, particularly in Israel where we are organized and have
one of our headquarters. The following is a summary of certain aspects of the
current tax structure applicable to companies in Israel, with special reference
to its effect on us (and our operations, in particular). The following also
contains a discussion of the Israeli government programs benefiting us. To the
extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been
subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that
the tax authorities or the courts will accept the views expressed in this
discussion. This discussion does not address all of the Israeli tax provisions
that may be relevant to our Company. For a discussion of the Israeli tax
consequences related to ownership of our capital stock, please see “Israeli
Taxation Considerations” in Item 10.E below. General Corporate Tax Structure in
Israel The regular rate of corporate tax to
which Israeli companies were subject in 2012 and 2013 was 25% (and 26.5% for
2014 and thereafter). However, the effective tax rate payable by a company that
derives income from an "Approved Enterprise", a "Beneficiary Enterprise" or a
"Preferred Enterprise", as further discussed below, may be considerably lower.
See “Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments” in this Item below. In
addition, commencing in 2010, Israeli companies have been subject to regular
corporate tax rate on their capital gains. Besides being subject to the general
corporate tax rules in Israel, we have also, from time to time, applied for and
received certain grants and tax benefits from, and participate in, programs
sponsored by the Government of Israel, described below. Law for the Encouragement of Capital
Investments The Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments, 5719-1959, to which we refer as the Investment Law,
provides certain incentives for capital investments in a production facility (or
other eligible assets). Generally, an investment program that is implemented in
accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law, which may be either an
“Approved Enterprise”, a “Beneficiary Enterprise” or a “Preferred Enterprise”,
is entitled to benefits as discussed below. These benefits may include cash
grants from the Israeli government and tax benefits, based upon, among other
things, the location of the facility in which the investment and manufacture
activity are made. The Investment Law has been amended
several times over the recent years, with the two most significant changes
effective as of April 1, 2005, to which we refer as the 2005 Amendment, and as
of January 1, 2011, to which we refer as the 2011 Amendment. Pursuant to the
2005 Amendment, tax benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the
Investment Law prior to its revision by the 2005 Amendment, remain in force, but
any benefits granted subsequently are subject to the provisions of the amended
Investment Law. Similarly, the 2011 Amendment introduced new benefits instead of
the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law
prior to the 2011 Amendment, yet companies entitled to benefits under the
Investment Law as in effect up to January 1, 2011, were entitled to choose to
continue to enjoy such benefits, provided that certain conditions are met, or
elect instead, irrevocably, to forgo such benefits and elect for the benefits of
the 2011 Amendment. The following discussion is a
summary of the Investment Law prior to its amendments as well as the relevant
changes contained in the new legislations. Tax benefits for Approved Enterprises
approved before April 1, 2005 . Under the Investment Law prior to
the 2005 Amendment, a company that wished to receive benefits on its investment
program that is implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Investment
Law, to which we refer as an “Approved Enterprise”, had to receive an approval
from the Investment Center of the Israeli Ministry of Economy (formerly known as
the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Labor), to which we refer as the Investment
Center. Each certificate of approval for an Approved Enterprise relates to a
specific investment program in the Approved Enterprise, delineated both by the
financial scope of the investment and by the physical characteristics of the
facility or the asset. An Approved Enterprise may elect to
forgo any entitlement to the grants otherwise available under the Investment Law
and, instead, participate in an alternative benefits program. We have chosen to
receive the benefits through the alternative benefits program. Under the
alternative benefits program, a company’s undistributed income derived from an
Approved Enterprise will be exempt from corporate tax for a period of between
two and ten years from the first year of taxable income, depending upon the
geographic location in Israel of the Approved Enterprise, and a reduced corporate tax rate of between 10% to
25% for the remainder of the benefits period, depending on the level of foreign
investment in the company in each year, as detailed below. The benefits commence
on the date in which that taxable income is first earned. The benefits period
under Approved Enterprise status is limited to 12 years from the year the
program commences its operations, or 14 years from the year of the approval as
an Approved Enterprise, whichever ends earlier. If a company has more than one
Approved Enterprise program or if only a portion of its capital investments are
approved, its effective tax rate is the result of a weighted combination of the
applicable rates. The tax benefits from any certificate of approval relate only
to taxable income attributable to the specific Approved Enterprise. Income
derived from activity that is not integral to the activity of the Approved
Enterprise will not enjoy tax benefits. Our entitlement to the above benefits is
subject to fulfillment of certain conditions, according to the law and related
regulations. 44 A company
that has an Approved Enterprise program is eligible for further tax benefits if
it qualifies as a Foreign Investors’ Company, to which we refer as an FIC. An
FIC eligible for benefits is essentially a company with a level of foreign
investment, as defined in the Investment Law, of more than 25%. The level of
foreign investment is measured as the percentage of rights in the company (in
terms of shares, rights to profits, voting and appointment of directors), and of
combined share and loan capital, that are owned, directly or indirectly, by
persons who are not residents of Israel. The determination as to whether or not
a company qualifies as an FIC is made on an annual basis. An FIC that has an
Approved Enterprise program will be eligible for an extension of the period
during which it is entitled to tax benefits under its Approved Enterprise status
(so that the benefit periods may be up to ten years) and for further tax
benefits if the level of foreign investment exceeds 49%. If a company that has
an Approved Enterprise program is a wholly owned subsidiary of another company,
then the percentage of foreign investments is determined based on the percentage
of foreign investment in the parent company. The corporate tax rates and related
levels of foreign investments with respect to an FIC that has an Approved
Enterprise program are set forth in the following table: Corporate
Percentage of non-Israeli ownership | Tax Rate
Over 25% but less than 49% | 25%
49% or more but less than 74% | 20%
74% or more but less than 90% | 15%
90% or more | 10% A company that has elected to
participate in the alternative benefits program and that subsequently pays a
dividend out of the income derived from the portion of its facilities that have
been granted Approved Enterprise status during the tax exemption period will be
subject to tax in respect of the amount of dividend distributed (grossed up to
reflect such pre-tax income that it would have had to earn in order to
distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate that would have been
otherwise applicable if such income had not been tax-exempted under the
alternative benefit program. This rate generally ranges from 10% to 25%,
depending on the extent to which non-Israeli shareholders hold such company’s
shares. In addition, dividends paid out of
income attributed to an Approved Enterprise (or out of dividends received from a
company whose income is attributed to an Approved Enterprise) are generally
subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15%, or at the lower rate provided
under an applicable tax treaty. The 15% tax rate is limited to dividends and
distributions out of income derived during the benefits period and actually paid
at any time up to 12 years thereafter. After this period, the withholding tax is
applied at a rate of up to 30%, or at the lower rate under an applicable tax
treaty. In the case of an FIC, the 12-year limitation on reduced withholding tax
on dividends does not apply. The Investment Law also provides
that an Approved Enterprise is entitled to accelerated depreciation on its
property and equipment that are included in an approved investment program. This
benefit is an incentive granted by the Israeli government regardless of whether
the alternative benefits program is elected. The benefits available to an
Approved Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions
stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations and the criteria in the
specific certificate of approval, as described above. If a company does not meet these conditions,
it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits, adjusted to the
Israeli consumer price index and interest. 45 We have
received the requisite approval, including a final approval, for all of our
Approved Enterprise investment programs, in accordance with the Investment Law.
The above-described benefits that accompany these investment programs and our
Beneficiary Enterprise investment programs (for which accompanying benefits are
described below) have had the effect, both historically and in 2012 and 2013, of
reducing Objet’s effective consolidated tax rates considerably lower than the
statutory Israeli corporate tax rate of 25% in 2012 and 2013. We expect that our
effective consolidated tax rate for 2013 and thereafter will also be reduced due
to these investment programs. Tax benefits under the 2005
Amendment that became effective on April 1, 2005. The 2005 Amendment applies to new
investment programs and investment programs commencing after 2004, and does not
apply to investment programs approved prior to April 1, 2005. The 2005 Amendment
provides that terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that
was granted before the 2005 Amendment came into effect will remain subject to
the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval.
Pursuant to the 2005 Amendment, the Investment Center will continue to grant
Approved Enterprise status to qualifying investments. However, the 2005
Amendment limits the scope of enterprises that may be approved by the Investment
Center by setting criteria for the approval of a facility as an Approved
Enterprise, such as provisions generally requiring that at least 25% of the
Approved Enterprise’s income is derived from export. An enterprise that qualifies under
the new provisions is referred to as a “Beneficiary Enterprise”, rather than
“Approved Enterprise”. The 2005 Amendment provides that the approval of the
Investment Center is required only for Approved Enterprises that receive cash
grants. As a result, a company is no longer required to obtain the advance
approval of the Investment Center in order to receive the tax benefits
previously available under the alternative benefits program. Rather, a company
may claim the tax benefits offered by the Investment Law directly in its tax
returns, provided that its facilities meet the criteria for tax benefits set
forth in the 2005 Amendment. A company that has a Beneficiary Enterprise may, at
its discretion, approach the Israeli Tax Authority for a pre-ruling confirming
that it is in compliance with the provisions of the Investment Law. Tax benefits are available under the
2005 Amendment to production facilities (or other eligible facilities) that
derive more than 25% of their business income from export to specific markets
with a population of at least 12 million. In order to receive the tax benefits,
the 2005 Amendment states that a company must make an investment which meets all
the conditions set forth in the amendment for tax benefits and which exceeds a
minimum amount specified in the Investment Law. Such investment entitles a
company to a Beneficiary Enterprise status with respect to the investment, and
may be made over a period of no more than three years from the end of the year
in which the company requested to have the tax benefits apply to the Beneficiary
Enterprise. Where a company requests to have the tax benefits apply to an
expansion of existing facilities, only the expansion will be considered to be a
Beneficiary Enterprise and the company’s effective tax rate will be the weighted
average of the applicable rates. In such case, the minimum investment required
in order to qualify as a Beneficiary Enterprise must exceed a certain percentage
of the value of the company’s production assets before the expansion. The extent of the tax benefits
available under the 2005 Amendment to qualifying income of a Beneficiary
Enterprise depends on, among other things, by the geographic location of the
Beneficiary Enterprise. Such tax benefits include an exemption from corporate
tax on undistributed income for a period of between two to ten years, depending
on the geographic location of the Beneficiary Enterprise in Israel, and a
reduced corporate tax rate of between 10% to 25% for the remainder of the
benefits period, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in
each year, as explained above. Dividends paid out of income
attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise will be treated similarly to payment of
dividends by an Approved Enterprise under the alternative benefits program.
Therefore, dividends paid out of income attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise
(or out of dividends received from a company whose income is attributed to a
Beneficiary Enterprise) are generally subject to withholding tax at the rate of
15% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty. The
reduced rate of 15% is limited to dividends and distributions out of income
attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise during the benefits period and actually
paid at any time up to 12 years thereafter except with respect to an FIC, in
which case the 12-year limit does not apply. 46 Furthermore, a company qualifying for tax benefits under the 2005
Amendment, which pays a dividend out of income attributed to its Beneficiary
Enterprise during the tax exemption period, will be subject to tax in respect of
the amount of the dividend distributed (grossed-up to reflect the pre-tax income
that it would have had to earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the
corporate tax rate which would have otherwise been applicable. As of December 31, 2013, we had
accumulated tax-exempt income of approximately $ 157.1 million that is
attributable to our various Approved and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If
such tax exempt income were to be distributed, it would be taxed at the reduced
corporate tax rate applicable to such income, which would have amounted to
approximately $ 15.7 million of tax liability as of December 31, 2013. The benefits available to a
Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions
stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations. If a company does not meet
these conditions, it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits, as
adjusted by the Israeli consumer price index and interest, or other monetary
penalty. Tax benefits under the 2011
Amendment that became effective on January 1, 2011. The 2011 Amendment canceled the
availability of the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the
Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for income
generated by a “Preferred Company” through its Preferred Enterprise (as such
terms are defined in the Investment Law) as of January 1, 2011. A Preferred
Company is defined as either (i) a company incorporated in Israel which is not
wholly owned by a governmental entity, or (ii) a limited partnership that: (a)
was registered under the Partnerships Ordinance; (b) all of its limited partners
are companies incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are governmental
entities; which has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise status and is
controlled and managed from Israel. Pursuant to the 2011 Amendment, a Preferred
Company was entitled to a reduced corporate flat tax rate of 15% with respect to
its preferred income attributed to its Preferred Enterprise in 2011 and 2012,
unless the Preferred Enterprise was located in a certain development zone, in
which case the rate was 10%. Such corporate tax rate was reduced to 12.5% and
7%, respectively, in 2013 and was increased to 16% and 9%, respectively, in 2014
and thereafter. Income derived by a Preferred Company from a ‘Special Preferred
Enterprise’ (as such term is defined in the Investment Law) would be entitled,
during a benefits period of 10 years, to further reduced tax rates of 8%, or to
5% if the Special Preferred Enterprise is located in a certain development zone. Dividends paid out of income
attributed to a Preferred Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at
source at the rate of 15% (20% with respect to dividends to be distributed on or
after January 1, 2014) or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable
tax treaty. However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is
required to be withheld (although, if such dividends are subsequently
distributed to individuals or a non-Israeli company, withholding tax at a rate
of 15% (20% with respect to dividends to be distributed on or after January 1,
2014) or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty will
apply). The 2011 Amendment also provided
transitional provisions to address companies already enjoying current benefits
under the Investment Law. These transitional provisions provide, among other
things, that unless an irrevocable request is made to apply the provisions of
the Investment Law as amended in 2011 with respect to income to be derived as of
January 1, 2011: (i) the terms and benefits included in any certificate of
approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, which chose to receive
grants, before the 2011 Amendment became effective, will remain subject to the
provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, and
subject to certain conditions;. (ii) the terms and benefits included in any
certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, that had
participated in an alternative benefits program, before the 2011 Amendment
became effective will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as
in effect on the date of such approval, provided that certain conditions are
met; ; and a Beneficiary Enterprise can elect to continue to benefit from the
benefits provided to it before the 2011 Amendment came into effect, provided
that certain conditions are met. We have examined the possible
effect, if any, of these provisions of the 2011 Amendment on our financial
statements and have decided, at this time, not to opt to apply the new benefits
under the 2011 Amendment . C. Organizational
Structure. Our corporate structure includes Stratasys Ltd., our Israeli parent company, and the following main active wholly-owned subsidiary entities: Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which was formerly a publicly held company and which became our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary as a result of the Stratasys-Objet merger; Baccio Corporation (formerly known as Cooperation Technology Corporation), to which we refer as MakerBot, a Delaware corporation which is the direct parent company of MakerBot Industries, LLC, which we acquired in August 2013; Objet Geometries Inc. (d/b/a Objet Inc.), a Delaware corporation; Stratasys AP Limited, a Hong Kong limited company, which together with several other subsidiaries, carries out most of our operations in the Asia Pacific region; and Stratasys GMBH, German limited liability companies, which together with another subsidiary carries out our European operations. We also recently formed Stratasys Latin America Representacao De Equipamentos Ltd., a Brazilian subsidiary, which has commenced our Brazilian operations. Please see the list of subsidiaries appended to this annual report as Exhibit 8 for a complete list of our subsidiaries as of the date of this annual report. 47 D. Property, Plants and
Equipment. We have
dual headquarters, in Eden Prairie, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel. Our Eden
Prairie, Minnesota headquarters (near Minneapolis), which we own, comprises
executive offices and production facilities presently encompassing approximately
288,312 available square feet in four buildings. These four buildings serve the
following respective purposes: system assembly, inventory storage, operations
and sales support; manufacturing for our RedEye paid parts service; research and
development, filament manufacturing, and administrative, marketing and sales
activities; and expansion of our production capacity for systems and
consumables. Our Rehovot, Israel headquarters, which we lease pursuant to a
lease agreement with a term of five years that expires on December 31, 2016,
comprise approximately 103,000 square feet of space. Our lease payments,
inclusive of management fees, for these facilities are approximately $1.7
million annually. These facilities house our Israeli administrative
headquarters, our research and development facilities, and certain manufacturing
activities. As of December 31, 2013, we leased
office space (except with respect to our Eden Prairie headquarters facilities
and our Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities, where we own the property) for various
purposes, as set forth in the table below. Unless otherwise stated, all of our
facilities are fully utilized. We have no material tangible fixed assets apart
from the properties described below. Location | Approximate
and Use(s) | square feet
Eden Prairie, Minnesota (U.S. headquarters and manufacturing facility) | 325,401
Rehovot, Israel (Israeli headquarters) | 103,000
Kiryat Gat, Israel (resin factory and laboratories) | 72,118
Minneapolis, Minnesota (research and development) | 9,926
Billerica, Massachusetts (office space) | 22,353
Merrimack, New Hampshire (Solidscape facilities, including manufacturing) | 28,590
Rancho Cucamonga, California (North American sales office) | 7,583
Carlsbad, California (office space) | 2,420
Rheinmünster, Germany (Stratasys GMBH office space) | 15,172
Genoa, Italy (Technimold, S.R.L. sales and service office) | 6,857
Hong Kong (Stratasys AP Limited office space) | 20,462
Shanghai, China (Stratasys Shanghai Ltd. office space) | 5,597
Tokyo, Japan (Stratasys Japan Co., Ltd. office space) | 5,664
Osaka, Japan (Stratasys Japan Co., Ltd. o ffice space) | 1,773
Bangalore, India (Stratasys, Inc. sales office) | 1,800
Boston, Massachusetts (MakerBot store) | 2,300
New York City, New York (MakerBot retail store) | 1,100
Brooklyn, New York (MakerBot headquarters and warehouse) | 128,713
Other | 1,445 While, as
described above in the “Risk Factors” in Item 3.D, we utilize hazardous
chemicals in some of the production processes for products sold by us, we
believe that there are no environmental issues that encumber our use of our
facilities. 48 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS. Not
Applicable. ITEM 5. OPERATING AND
FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
included in this annual report. The discussion below contains forward-looking
statements that are based upon our current expectations and are subject to
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially
from these expectations due to inaccurate assumptions and known or unknown risks
and uncertainties, including those identified in “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements” and in Item 3.D “Key Information – Risk Factors”,
above. A. Operating Results. Overview We are a leading global provider of
additive manufacturing, or AM, solutions for the creation of parts used in the
processes of designing and manufacturing products and for the direct manufacture
of end parts. Our solutions are sold under eight brands, with products ranging
from entry-level desktop 3D printers to systems for rapid prototyping, or RP,
and large production systems for direct digital manufacturing, or DDM, and
related service offerings. We also develop, manufacture and sell materials for
use with our systems. We believe that the range of more than 130 3D printing
consumable materials that we offer is the widest in the industry. Our service
offerings include professional services as well as paid parts. We conduct our
business globally, and our main operational facilities are located in Brazil,
Germany, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan and the United States. We have more than 1,800
employees and hold more than 550 granted or pending additive manufacturing
patents globally. We are the result of the 2012
merger of two leading additive manufacturing companies, Stratasys, Inc. and
Objet Ltd., which we refer to as the Stratasys-Objet merger. Pursuant to this
merger, which closed on December 1, 2012, Stratasys, Inc. became an indirect,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet Ltd., and Objet Ltd. changed its name to
Stratasys Ltd. Stratasys, Inc. was treated as the acquiring company in the
Stratasys-Objet merger for accounting purposes, and the Stratasys-Objet merger
was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the acquisition method of
accounting for business combinations. As a result, the consolidated financial
statements of Stratasys, Inc. became our consolidated financial statements. The
consolidated financial statements included in this report on Form 20-F include
the operations of Stratasys Ltd. (formerly Objet Ltd.) for the year ended
December 31, 2013, and only for the month of December 2012, because the
Stratasys-Objet merger was consummated on December 1, 2012. Therefore, unless
otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, the historical
financial information included in this annual report on Form 20-F for periods
preceding the Stratasys-Objet merger is that of Stratasys, Inc. For information
regarding the historical results of the operations and financial condition of
Objet Ltd., please refer to the separate Registration Statement on Form F-4
(Commission File No. 333-182025) that we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which includes historical financial information for Objet Ltd.,
including for the last full fiscal year of Objet Ltd. as a stand-alone company
(2011). For additional discussion regarding the structure of the merger and
presentation of financial statements see the “Explanatory Note” appearing at the
beginning of this annual report. On August 15, 2013, we completed the
acquisition of privately-held Cooperation Technology Corporation, (now known as Baccio Corporation), which is the
direct parent company of MakerBot Industries, LLC, or MakerBot, a leader in
desktop 3D printing, and which owns and operates Thingiverse.com, a website
dedicated to the sharing of user-created digital files. MakerBot, founded in
2009, helped to, and continues to help develop the demand for
desktop 3D printers and has built the largest installed base of 3D printers in
the category by making 3D printers accessible to a broad range of customers. The
aggregate purchase price was $493.7 million, which was paid primarily through
the issuance of our ordinary shares. For additional details regarding the
financial terms of the MakerBot transaction, including potential earn-out
payments to former MakerBot stockholders and a performance bonus plan for
certain MakerBot employees, see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
included in Item 18 of this annual report. We believe that our acquisition of
MakerBot will drive faster adoption of 3D printing for multiple applications, as
desktop 3D printers are becoming a mainstream tool across many market segments.
Desktop 3D printer usage has shown rapid growth,
with the introduction and adoption of affordable entry-level 3D printers and
increased availability of content. These entry-level desktop printers are
driving substantially increased market adoption. We expect that the adoption of
3D printing will continue to increase over the next several years, both in terms
of RP applications, on the one hand, and DDM applications, on the other hand. We
believe that the expansion of the market will be spurred by increased
proliferation of 3D content and 3D authoring tools (3D CAD and other simplified
3D authoring tools). We also believe that increased market adoption of 3D
printing will be facilitated by continued improvements in 3D printing technology
and greater affordability of entry-level systems. 49 We
believe that the proliferation of 3D content, advancements in additive
manufacturing technology platforms and the introduction of improved materials
will continue to drive market growth. Accordingly, we will continue to invest in
our R&D efforts, which focus on enhancing our 3D printing technologies and
developing consumables that offer an even broader array of physical, mechanical
and aesthetic properties, thereby broadening user applications. We also intend
to invest in the identification of new DDM applications for which our
proprietary printing technologies and materials are appropriate and to encourage
existing and potential customers to identify new applications in part by
increasing awareness of the features of our technology and product
offerings. With the introduction of entry-level
systems, we have seen unit volume increase faster than revenue growth, and we
expect that trend to continue in the near future. As we have developed
appropriate sales channels, unit sales of our more affordable systems have
accelerated, resulting in lower overall margins on the sale of our systems. We
will also address the continuing increased demand in the market for higher-end
systems, through which we believe we will increase our installed base and sales
of related consumables, and consequently our overall revenues and profits.
However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase our revenue
sufficiently to maintain or increase our current profitability. We may make other investments in
strategic acquisitions, property and equipment, process improvements,
information technology, or IT, and human resource activities that will be
required for future growth. Our expense levels are based in part on our
expectations of future sales, and we will make adjustments that we consider
appropriate. While we have adjusted, and will continue to adjust, our expense
levels based on both actual and anticipated sales, fluctuations in sales in a
particular period could adversely impact our operating results. On September 18, 2013, we completed
the public offering of 5,175,000 of our ordinary shares and received net
proceeds of $462.9 million. We will use the proceeds for general corporate
purposes, which may include financing possible acquisitions, working capital and
capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the proceeds to pay earn-out
and performance payments that become due under the MakerBot transaction
agreement, if we elect to pay any such earn-out or performance payments in cash. Our ability to implement our strategy for 2014 is subject to numerous uncertainties, many of which are
described under Item 3.D—“Risk Factors,” above, in this Item 5—“Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”
and in the section above (immediately following the Table of Contents) captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements.” We cannot ensure that our efforts will be successful. Key measures of our performance Revenues Our
consolidated revenues result primarily from sales of our products, which include both our AM systems and related consumable
materials, and from the provision of related services. We effect sales and deliver services principally through the
following channels: (i) sales to resellers, who purchase and resell our products and who provide support services for our
printing systems; (ii) sales of systems that are marketed by independent sales agents, pursuant to which we sell directly to
end-users, pay commissions to such agents, and directly handle the sale of consumables and provision of support services.;
and (iii) sales of systems (and all related products and services) that we effect and/or provide to our customers directly. There is overlap among the channels as some independent sales agents for our higher end products also serve as distributors
of our other products. Besides the above methods of product distribution, we also sell products directly through an online store, at our retail stores in New York and Boston, and through additional retail sales channels. 50 Product revenues Product revenues are influenced by a
number of factors, including, among other things, (i) the adoption rate of our
products, (ii) end-user product design and manufacturing activity, and (iii) the
capital expenditure budgets of end-users and potential end-users, all of which
may be significantly influenced by macroeconomic factors. Purchases of our 3D
printing and production systems, especially our higher-end, higher-priced
systems, typically involve longer sales cycles. Product revenues also depend upon
the volume of consumables that we sell. Sales of our consumable materials are
linked to the number of AM systems that are installed and active worldwide.
Sales of consumables are also driven by system usage, which is generally a
function of the size of the particular system and the level of design and/or
manufacturing activity and budget of the particular end-user. Larger systems
generally use greater amounts of consumables due to their greater capacity and
the higher levels of design and production activity by, and larger operating
budget of, a typical end-user who uses a larger system. Services revenues Services revenues derive from (i)
installation, training, maintenance and warranty, (ii) service contracts and
(iii) our RedEye paid parts service, which enables production of prototypes and
end-use parts for customers from a customer-provided CAD file. System sales
prices include the value of the warranty. In addition, in connection with direct
sales, we generally charge separately for installation and training. Additional
services revenues are generated from services contracts most often entered into
directly with end-users subsequent to the expiration of the initial warranty
period. Costs of revenues Our costs of revenues consist of
costs of products and costs of services. Costs of products consist primarily of
components and subassemblies purchased for manufacture of our AM systems and raw
materials, such as thermoplastic and acrylic-based photopolymer materials, for
manufacture of our consumables, as well as any royalties paid with respect to
sales of certain of those consumables. Costs of products also include
manufacturing and manufacturing-related labor costs, indirect production costs
and amortization expense related to certain acquired MakerBot, Objet and
Solidscape assets. Our costs of services consist primarily of costs of our
service personnel, which include engineers dedicated to on-site installation,
training and support, travel costs of these engineers, as well as the cost of
spare parts. Both costs of products and costs of services include related
facilities costs. Gross profit The gross profit and gross margin
for our products are influenced by a number of factors. The most important of
these is the mix of our products sold. Specifically, the gross margins on our
high-end Production series and Design series of AM systems, as well as on our
consumables, are typically higher than the gross margins on our Idea series and
MakerBot desktop printers. Accordingly, an increase in the percentage of sales
of our entry-level products could cause our profit margins to decrease.
Furthermore, we believe that as our worldwide installed base of AM systems
increases, subsequent sales of our proprietary consumables will also increase.
We will also seek to reduce our costs of revenues by improving our ability to
use less costly components and increasing engineering efficiencies in the
production of our lower-priced systems. Gross margins are also impacted by
the mix of revenues generated from sales to resellers as opposed to sales that
are facilitated by independent sales agents. We mostly rely upon a reseller
network that is divided based on geographical areas. In addition to our reseller
network, we have a significant number of independent selling agents who focus
exclusively on selling our lower priced systems. Service gross margins are influenced
by the ratio of service engineers to our installed base in a given geographic
area, as that ratio impacts travel costs and efficiency of our service
engineers. In addition, our service gross margins are influenced by the volume
of revenues generated from our RedEye paid parts service. 51 Operating expenses Our operating expenses consist of
research and development expenses, and selling, general and administrative
expenses. Research and development expenses Our research and development
expenses consist primarily of employees and employee-related personnel expenses;
costs of research aimed at developing new printing systems and materials and
enhancing our existing product lines, including related software, materials,
laboratory supplies, and costs for facilities and equipment. We charge all
research and development expenses to operations as they are incurred, other than
costs for certain equipment that we capitalize. We have agreements with two
manufacturing companies under which we jointly advance certain of our
proprietary technology with each of those two companies. The agreements entitle
us to receive reimbursement payments of costs actually incurred under joint
development projects, and such reimbursements are offset against research and
development expense. Selling, general and administrative
expenses Our selling, general and
administrative expenses include employees and employee-related expenses for
marketing, sales and other sales-support employees, and for managerial and
administrative personnel, including executive officers, finance, accounting,
information technology and human resources. This category of expenses also
covers commissions, advertising and promotions expenses, related facilities
costs and professional service fees, as well as the amortization expenses
related to certain acquired assets of MakerBot, Objet and Solidscape. Commissions consist of sales-based
commissions to independent sales agents and internal sales personnel. Commission
rates vary, depending on the geographic location of the agent and on the
achievement of certain performance targets. Our advertising and promotion
expenses consist primarily of media advertising costs, trade and consumer
marketing expenses and public relations expenses. We intend to invest in
increasing our worldwide installed base, and therefore expect selling expenses
in general, and advertising and promotion expenses in particular, to increase in
absolute terms. Facilities costs that are included
in our selling, general and administrative expenses include a portion of the
occupancy costs for our facilities in countries where administrative personnel
are located. Professional service fees for accounting and legal services and
reserves for specific legal proceedings referred to elsewhere in this annual
report are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. As our
sales grow, we expect our administrative expenses to increase in absolute terms. Income Taxes A significant portion of our income
after the December 1, 2012 merger date is taxed in Israel. We have realized and
expect to continue to realize significant tax savings based on the determination
that some of our industrial projects that have been granted “Approved
Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise” status, which provides certain
benefits, including tax exemptions for undistributed income and reduced tax
rates. Income not eligible for Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise
benefits is taxed at the regular corporate rate, which was 25% in 2013. We are
also a Foreign Investors Company, or FIC, as defined by the Israeli Investment
Law. FICs are entitled to further reductions in the tax rate normally applicable
to Approved Enterprises and Beneficiary Enterprise, depending on the level of
foreign ownership. In addition, we are an “Industrial Company” as defined by the
Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969, and, as such,
are entitled to certain tax benefits. The entitlement to the above benefits
is conditional upon our fulfilling the conditions stipulated by the Investment
Law and regulations. Should we fail to meet such requirements in the future,
income attributable to our Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise
programs could be subject to the statutory Israeli corporate tax rate and we
could be required to refund a portion of the tax benefits already received with
respect to such programs. 52 Critical Accounting Policies We have
prepared our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. This has required us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that
affected the amounts we reported. Note 1 to our consolidated financial
statements included in Item 18 of this annual report contains the significant
accounting principles that we used to prepare our consolidated financial
statements. We have identified critical
accounting policies that required us to make assumptions about matters that were
uncertain at the time of our estimates. Had we used different estimates and
assumptions, the amounts we recorded could have been significantly different.
Additionally, if we had used different assumptions or different conditions
existed, our financial condition or results of operations could have been
materially different. The critical accounting policies that were affected by the
estimates, assumptions, and judgments used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements are discussed below. Revenue
Recognition Our revenue derives from sales of AM
systems, consumables, and services. We recognize revenue when (1) persuasive
evidence of a final agreement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered, (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (4)
collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from sales to resellers are
generally recognized upon shipment and when title and risk of loss have been
transferred to the resellers. When products and services are sold to a reseller,
the reseller is responsible for the installation of the system with the end user
client. We account for such sales on a net basis since we are not the primary
obligor in the arrangement. Products and services sold directly by us to end
customers are recognized based on the gross amount as we are the primary obligor
in the arrangement, retain inventory risk for physical products, establish the
price for our products, and assume the credit risk for amounts billed to its
customers. Revenue from sales-type leases may
include systems, other products and maintenance contracts. We recognize revenue
from sales-type leases at the net present value of future lease payments.
Product revenue from sales-type leases is generally recognized at the time of
shipment. The portion of lease agreements related to maintenance contracts is
deferred and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Revenue from operating
leases is recognized ratably over the lease period. For multi-element arrangements we
allocate revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices and
recognizes revenue when each element’s revenue recognition criteria are met. In
such circumstances, we use the following hierarchy to determine the selling
price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific
objective evidence of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evidence of selling
price (“TPE”), and (iii) best estimate of selling price (“BESP”). VSOE exists
only when we sell the deliverable separately and is established based on the
price charged in such stand- alone transactions. BESP reflects our best
estimates of the price at which we would have sold the product regularly on a
stand-alone basis. Most of service revenue is derived
from sales of maintenance contracts. We provide customers with maintenance under
a warranty agreement for up to one year and defer a portion of the revenue from
the related printer at the time of the sale based on the relative selling price
of those services. After the initial warranty period, we offer customers
optional maintenance contracts ranging generally from one to three years.
Deferred maintenance revenue is recognized ratably, on a straight-line basis,
over the period of the service. Unearned revenues are derived mainly from these
prepaid maintenance agreements. We classify the portion of unearned revenue not
expected to be earned in the subsequent 12 months as long-term. We assess collectability as part of
the revenue recognition process. This assessment includes a number of factors
such as an evaluation of the creditworthiness of the customer, past due amounts,
past payment history, and current economic conditions. If it is determined that
collectability cannot be reasonably assured, we will defer recognition of
revenue until collectability is assured. Impairment of Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess of the
consideration paid or transferred plus the fair value of any earn-out in the
arrangement and the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
at the acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable net assets
acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment annually
at the reporting unit level, or whenever events or circumstances present an
indication of impairment. 53 We apply the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance when testing goodwill for
impairment, which permits us to make a qualitative assessment of whether
goodwill is impaired, or opt to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed
directly to performing the first step of the two-step impairment test. If we
perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that it is more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is
not considered impaired and the two-step impairment test is unnecessary.
However, if we conclude otherwise, we are then required to perform the first
step of the two-step impairment test. The first step involves comparing the fair value of our reporting units
to their carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined
to be greater than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit’s carrying amount is determined to be greater than the fair value, the
second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. Step
two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of
all tangible and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, of the reporting unit
from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied
fair value of the goodwill in this step is compared to the carrying value of
goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying
value of the goodwill, an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is
recorded. The evaluation of goodwill impairment requires us to make assumptions
about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated that include,
among others, growth in revenues, margins realized, level of operating expenses
and cost of capital. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual
results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. During the third quarter of 2013, we changed our annual goodwill
impairment testing date from December 31 to October 1 of each year. This change
ensures the completion of the annual goodwill impairment test prior to the end
of the annual reporting period, thereby aligning impairment testing procedures
with our budget and forecasting processes and with year-end financial reporting.
Accordingly, management considers this accounting change preferable. At October
1, 2013, we performed the qualitative test for goodwill, based on each reporting
unit to which the goodwill is allocated and concluded that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of each such reporting unit exceeds its carrying
value. Therefore, we did not continue to perform the two-step impairment test.
Important qualitative factors assessed included the overall current and planned
financial performance of the reporting units. We did not recognize any impairment charges related to goodwill during
2013, 2012 and 2011. 54 Other Intangible Assets Other intangible
assets and their amortization lives are as follows: Weighted
Average Useful
Life
Developed technology | 9
Patents | 10
Trademarks and trade names | 11
Customer relationships | 10
Non-compete agreement | 4
Capitalized software development costs | 5
In-process research and development | Indefinite Other intangible
assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets, including developed
technology, trade names, customer relationships and in-process research and
development (“IPR&D”). Definite life intangible assets are amortized using
the straight-line method over their estimated period of useful life, which is
determined by identifying the period over which most of the cash flows are
expected to be generated. Amortization of acquired developed technology is
recorded in cost of sales. Amortization of trade name, customer relationships
and non-compete agreement is recorded in selling, general and administrative
expenses. We capitalize IPR&D projects acquired as part of a business
combination. On successful completion of each project, IPR&D assets are reclassified to
developed technology and amortized over their estimated useful lives. Impairment in Value of Long-Lived
Assets Long-lived definite tangible and intangible assets, held and used are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets (or asset group) may not be recoverable.
In the event that the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and
without interest charges) of the long-lived assets (or asset group) is less than
the carrying amount of such assets, an impairment charge would be recognized,
and the assets (or asset group) would be written down to their estimated fair
values. Based on our assessments as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, no
triggering event for impairment consideration occurred. We apply the FASB guidance when testing indefinite-lived intangible
assets for impairment, which permits us to make a qualitative assessment of
whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, or opt to bypass the
qualitative assessment and proceed directly to performing the first step of the
two-step impairment test. If we determine, based on the qualitative tests, that
it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is
impaired, than no further action is required. During the third quarter of 2013, we changed our annual impairment testing date for indefinite-lived intangibles from December 31
to October 1 of each year. This change ensures the completion of the annual impairment test prior to the end of the annual
reporting period, thereby aligning impairment testing procedures with our budget and forecasting processes and with year-end financial reporting.
Accordingly, management considers this accounting change preferable. At October 1, 2013 we performed the qualitative test for indefinite-lived
intangibles and concluded that it was not necessary to perform the two-step
impairment test. Important qualitative factors included the current status of
the IPR&D projects that represent this intangible asset. We did not
recognize any impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets
during 2013, 2012 and 2011. The quantitative evaluation of indefinite-lived intangible asset
impairment requires us to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life
of the asset being evaluated that include, among others, growth in revenues,
margins realized, level of operating expenses and cost of capital. These
assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ from
assumed and estimated amounts. 55 Stock-Based
Compensation We calculate the
fair value of stock-based option awards on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The computation of expected volatility is
based on historical volatility of our shares. The expected option term is
calculated using the simplified method in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock
Compensation . The interest rate for periods
within the expected term of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of grant. Each of the three factors requires us to use
judgment and make estimates in determining the percentages and time periods used
for the calculation. If we were to use different percentages or time periods,
the fair value of stock-based option awards could be materially different. We
recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the employee’s requisite service
period. Income Taxes Deferred taxes are determined utilizing the “asset and liability” method
based on the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the
financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities under the
applicable tax laws, and on effective tax rates in effect when the deferred
taxes are expected to be paid or realized. Valuation allowance is provided if,
based upon the weight of available evidence, it is “more likely than not” that a
portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or
non-current based on the classification of the related asset or liability for
financial reporting, or according to the expected reversal dates of the specific
temporary differences where appropriate. Deferred tax has not been provided on the following items: 1) Taxes that would apply in the event of
disposal of investments in foreign subsidiaries, as it is generally our
intention to hold these investments, not to realize them. 2) Amounts of tax-exempt income generated
from our current Approved enterprises (see note 8b of the notes to consolidated
financial statements), as we intend to permanently reinvest these profits and
does not intend to distribute dividends from such income. If these dividends
were to be paid, we would have to pay additional taxes at a rate up to 10% on
the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in
the period the dividend is declared. 3) Dividends distributable from the income
of foreign companies, as we do not expect these companies to distribute
dividends in the foreseeable future. If these dividends were to be paid, we
would have to pay additional taxes at a rate of up to 25% on the distribution,
and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the
dividend is declared. As a result of the Stratasys-Objet merger, foreign operations for 2013 consists of non-Israel jurisdictions. For 2012
and 2011, foreign operations consists of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Tax contingencies In accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , we take a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring
uncertain tax positions (tax contingencies). The first step is to evaluate the
tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence
indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any.
The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is
more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We reevaluate
these tax positions quarterly and makes adjustments as required. The Company
classifies interest and penalties recognized in the financial statements
relating to uncertain tax positions under the provision for income taxes. Other Contingent Liabilities Certain conditions that may result in a
loss to the Company, such as legal proceedings, may exist as of the date the
financial statements are issued, but may only be resolved when one or more
future events occur or fail to occur. In assessing loss contingencies related to
legal proceedings that are pending against us or unasserted claims that may
result in such proceedings, our management evaluates the perceived merits of any
legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the
amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. Such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. Legal fees are expensed as
incurred. 56 We apply the
guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 450-20-25 when assessing losses resulting
from contingencies. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is
probable that loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be
estimated, then we would record an accrued expense in our financial statements in the amount of the estimated liability . If the assessment indicates that a potential loss
contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but
cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with
an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable, is disclosed. Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally
not disclosed unless material or they involve guarantees, in which case the
guarantee would be disclosed. MakerBot Earn-out and performance bonus
plan The earn-out obligation for the MakerBot transaction is recognized at
fair value and re-measured at each reporting period. The estimates of fair value
contain uncertainties as they involve projections of the level of achievement of
financial metrics in future periods and assumed discount rates. The accrual for
the performance bonus plan expense is based on the same projections of the level
of achievement of financial metrics as the earn-out. The earn-out and bonus
payments for the 2014 period can range from between zero to $108.2 million each
(based on our share price at December 31, 2013). A change in our projections
could result in a material impact on our results of operations. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is
computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in,
first-out basis. Inventory costs consist of material, direct labor and overhead.
We periodically assess inventory for obsolescence and excess and reduce the
carrying value by an amount equal to the difference between its cost and the
estimated market value based on assumptions about future demand and historical
sales patterns. Inventories acquired in a business combination are stepped-up to their
estimated fair value less costs and profit for sales efforts and amortized to
cost of sales as that inventory is sold. Results of Operations We are providing within this section a supplemental discussion that
compares historical statement of operations data in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United State of America (“GAAP”) for the
year ended December 31, 2013, to the results for the year ended December 31,
2012 on a pro forma combined including Objet basis, as if the Stratasys-Objet
merger had closed on January 1, 2012. Objet’s sales in the year ended December 31, 2012 were similar in amount to
those of Stratasys, and therefore we believe that the 2012 pro forma information
combined including Objet provides useful supplemental information. The MakerBot
transaction closed on August 15, 2013, and MakerBot’s results are included only
since that date. Due to MakerBot’s historical results being much less
significant as compared to the combined Stratasys, Inc. and Objet results, the
results of MakerBot prior to the August 15, 2013 acquisition are not included in
the pro forma results. Refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements
included in Item 18 of this annual report for certain pro forma information for
the MakerBot transaction. The table and footnotes at the end of this section set forth the
preparation of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined for Objet statements
of operations information for the year ended December 31, 2012 as if the
Stratasys-Objet merger had occurred on January 1, 2012. The pro forma combined
financial information has been prepared consistent with SEC Regulation S-X,
Article 11. The pro forma combined financial information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined
operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the
Stratasys-Objet merger had been consummated on January 1, 2012 and in accordance
with the assumptions described herein, nor is it necessarily indicative of
future results of operations or financial position of the combined
company. 57 The following
table sets forth certain statement of operations data in accordance GAAP as a
percentage of net sales for the years indicated, as well as on a pro forma
combined including Objet basis for the year ended December 31, 2012. Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP
For the twelve months ended December 31, | 2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | 2011
Net sales | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | %
Cost of sales | 53.3 | % | 48.9 | % | 54.3 | % | 47.1 | %
Gross profit | 46.7 | % | 51.1 | % | 45.7 | % | 52.9 | %
Research and development | 10.9 | % | 9.1 | % | 10.3 | % | 9.2 | %
Selling, general and administrative | 41.9 | % | 34.0 | % | 39.3 | % | 25.0 | %
Operating income (loss) | -6.0 | % | 8.0 | % | -4.0 | % | 18.6 | %
Other income (expense) | -0.1 | % | 0.6 | % | 0.6 | % | 1.5 | %
Income (loss) before income taxes | -6.1 | % | 8.6 | % | -3.4 | % | 20.1 | %
Income taxes (benefit) | -0.5 | % | 4.5 | % | 2.6 | % | 6.9 | %
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | -5.6 | % | 3.9 | % | -6.0 | % | 13.2 | % Discussion of Results of Operations
(note: the pro forma combined column includes Objet as if the December 1, 2012
merger occurred on January 1, 2012) Net Sales Net sales of our products and services for the last three years, as well
as the percentage change from year to year, were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Products | $ | 414,853 | $ | 179,762 | $ | 306,043 | 130.8 | % | 35.6 | % | $ | 127,476 | 41.0 | %
Services | 69,550 | 35,482 | 53,011 | 96.0 | % | 31.2 | % | 28,418 | 24.9 | %
$ | 484,403 | $ | 215,244 | $ | 359,054 | 125.0 | % | 34.9 | % | $ | 155,894 | 38.1 | % Product Revenues Revenues derived from products (including AM systems, consumable
materials and other products) increased by $235.1 million in 2013, or 130.8%, as
compared to 2012. The number of systems shipped increased to 19,317 units as
compared to 3,470 units shipped in 2012. The increase in both revenue and number
of units shipped primarily reflects the results of a full year in 2013 of
combined operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one month of
combined operations in 2012 after the Stratasys-Objet merger and the inclusion
of MakerBot revenue and units shipped after the closing of the MakerBot
transaction. Systems and other products revenue for 2013 increased as compared to pro
forma combined including Objet revenue for 2012. The number of systems shipped
in 2013 increased to 19,317 units as compared to pro forma combined 4,549 units
shipped in 2012. The shipment of MakerBot units after the MakerBot transaction
contributed to the significant increase in unit sales as compared to pro forma
combined prior periods, which only include the combined operations of Stratasys,
Inc. and Objet Ltd. 58 The increase in systems and other products revenue for 2013 as compared
to pro forma combined including Objet revenue for 2012, reflects strong sales
growth across all product lines as well as the merger with MakerBot. This growth
has been driven by the development of new DDM applications for our Fortus
systems and the continued adoption of our Connex systems for complex prototyping
using a wide range of materials with diverse mechanical and physical properties.
In addition, systems sales increased due to the increased market penetration of our Design and Idea series systems. The
addition of MakerBot systems and other products revenue after the MakerBot
transaction contributed $32.0 million to systems and other products revenue
growth as compared to pro forma combined prior period. MakerBot has continued to
experience strong sales of its desktop 3D printers and added sales with the
introduction of the Digitizer Desktop 3D Scanner in September 2013. Growth in
systems and other product sales were offset by $2.3 million of non-cash
reductions in revenue in 2013 due to amortization of purchase accounting
adjustments related to the mergers. Consumables revenue in 2013 increased by 156.0%. The increase in
consumables revenue primarily reflects the results of a full year in 2013 of
combined operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one month of
combined operations in 2012 after the Stratasys-Objet merger as well as the
inclusion of MakerBot revenue after the MakerBot transaction. Consumables revenue in 2013 increased by 27.8% as compared to consumables
revenues, on a pro forma combined basis including Objet, for 2012. The increase
was driven by an acceleration in customer usage and our growing installed base
of systems. The strong Production series and high-end Design series system sales
in prior periods contributed to strong consumables sales growth given their
relatively higher consumable utilization rates. We believe that our growing
installed base, and specifically the Production series and high-end Design
series systems installed base, are positive indicators of consumables revenue
growth in future periods. During 2012, revenues derived from products increased by $52.3 million,
or 41.0%, as compared to the prior year. The number of systems shipped increased
by 33.4%, or 868 units, to 3,470 as compared to 2,602 units shipped in 2011.
These increases reflected strong unit sales of our higher-priced Fortus systems
and our acquisition of Solidscape in May 2011. The increase in Fortus system
unit sales reflected strong sales into DDM applications, which continued to
expand in breadth, and the introduction of our Fortus 250mc in July 2011. These
increases in both revenue and number of systems shipped also reflected the
results of the Stratasys-Objet merger, which resulted in additional revenue of
$16.1 million attributable to Objet sales in 2012. Service Revenue Services revenues (including RedEye paid parts, maintenance and other
services) increased by $34.1 million in 2013, or 96.0%, as compared to 2012. The increase in
service revenue primarily reflects the results of a full year in 2013 of
combined operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one month of
combined operations in 2012. Services revenues for 2013 increased by $16.5 million, or 31.2%, as
compared to service revenues, on a pro forma combined basis including Objet, for
2012. The increase in service revenues is attributable to increased revenue from
maintenance contracts and service parts, reflecting our growing base of
installed systems. Revenue from our RedEye paid parts service for 2013 increased
by 32.9%, as compared to 2012 primarily due to an increased demand for large and
complex production parts and the continued development of our sales
channels. Services revenues increased by $7.1 million in 2012, or 24.9%, as
compared to prior year. The increase in service revenues was attributable to
increased sales from our RedEye paid parts service as a result of increased new
customer base and an increase in average sales price driven by the demand for
large and complex production parts, as well as increased revenue from
maintenance contracts, reflecting our growing base of installed systems. The
increase in service revenue also reflected the inclusion of $3.0 million from
Objet’s December 2012 service revenue. 59 Revenue by Region Net sales, and
the percentage of net sales by region for the last three years, as well as the
percentage change were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011
North America | $ | 262,614 | 54 | % | $ | 113,854 | 53 | % | $ | 183,344 | 51 | % | 130.7 | % | 43.2 | % | $ | 82,373 | 53 | %
EMEA | 126,214 | 26 | % | 62,781 | 29 | % | $ | 103,694 | 29 | % | 101.0 | % | 21.7 | % | 49,885 | 32 | %
Asia Pacific | 90,023 | 19 | % | 35,450 | 16 | % | $ | 64,332 | 18 | % | 153.9 | % | 39.9 | % | 21,506 | 14 | %
Other | 5,552 | 1 | % | 3,159 | 1 | % | $ | 7,684 | 2 | % | 75.8 | % | -27.7 | % | 2,130 | 1 | %
$ | 484,403 | 100 | % | $ | 215,244 | 100 | % | $ | 359,054 | 100 | % | 125.0 | % | 34.9 | % | $ | 155,894 | 100 | % Revenue in all regions increased in 2013, primarily as a result of a full year in 2013 of
combined operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one month of
combined operations in 2012 and the inclusion of MakerBot revenue after the
MakerBot transaction. MakerBot revenue was generated primarily in North
America. The increase in revenue for 2013 as compared to pro forma combined
including Objet revenue for 2012, reflects strong sales growth across all
product lines as well as MakerBot revenue after the completion of the MakerBot
transaction. The North America region was our fastest growing region during 2013
due to the inclusion of MakerBot revenue that was primarily generated in North
America. The increase in revenue in the Asia Pacific region was primarily driven
by increased sales and marketing investments in the region. Revenue in all regions increased for 2012
as a result of strong unit sales of our higher-priced Fortus systems growth in
consumables sales and our acquisition of Solidscape in May 2011. In addition,
the increase in revenue reflects the results of the Stratasys-Objet merger in
December 2012. Gross Profit Gross profit for our products and services for the last three years, as
well as the percentage change from year to year, was as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
Gross profit attributable to: | 2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Products | $ | 201,426 | $ | 93,020 | $ | 147,215 | 116.5 | % | 36.8 | % | $ | 65,931 | 41.1 | %
Services | 24,747 | 16,891 | 16,708 | 46.5 | % | 48.1 | % | 16,473 | 2.5 | %
$ | 226,173 | $ | 109,911 | $ | 163,923 | 105.8 | % | 38.0 | % | $ | 82,404 | 33.4 | % Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for our products and services
for the last three years, as well as the percentage change from year to year,
was as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
Gross profit as a percentage of revenues from: | 2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Products | 48.6 | % | 51.7 | % | 48.1% | -6.1 | % | 0.9 | % | 51.7 | % | 0.0 | %
Services | 35.6 | % | 47.6 | % | 31.5% | -25.3 | % | 12.9 | % | 58.0 | % | -17.9 | %
Total gross profit | 46.7 | % | 51.1 | % | 45.7% | -8.6 | % | 2.3 | % | 52.9 | % | -3.4 | % Gross profit attributable to products sales increased by
$108.4 million, or
116.5%, to $201.4 million in 2013 as compared with $93.0 million in 2012. The
increase was attributable to sales growth discussed above. As a percentage of
revenues attributable to product sales, gross profit decreased as compared with 2012. The changes in
gross profit from products and gross profit as a percentage of related sales
primarily reflects the results of the Objet and MakerBot transactions, which
resulted in expenses of $57.5 million in amortization related to acquired
intangible assets and acquired deferred revenues adjustments for
2013. 60 Gross profit from
product sales for 2013 increased as compared to gross profit from product sales,
on a pro forma combined basis for Objet, for 2012, due to the increase in sales
discussed above. The changes in gross profit from products and gross profit as a
percentage of related product sales primarily reflects the results of the Objet
and MakerBot transactions, which resulted in expenses of $57.5 million in
amortization of intangible assets and acquired deferred revenues adjustments in
2013, and expenses of $39.3 million in amortization of acquired intangible
assets and acquired deferred revenues adjustments for the pro forma results of
operations combined including Objet for 2012. The effect of amortization expense
on gross profit from products and gross profit as a percentage of related
product sales was partially offset by increased systems and consumables sales
volume to cover fixed overhead, a product mix that favored our higher-margin
Production series and high-end Design series systems and strong growth in our
high-margin consumables sales. Gross profit attributable to products sales increased by $27.1 million,
or 41.1%, to $93.0 million in 2012 as compared with $65.9 million in 2011. The
increase was attributable to sales growth, led by our higher-margin Fortus
systems and consumables. In addition, $4.8 million of the increase was
attributable to the inclusion of gross profit generated by Objet following the
merger. Gross profit from services increased by 46.5% in 2013 as compared to the prior year due primarily to
the increase in service revenues discussed above. Gross profit from services for
2013 increased as compared to gross profit from services, on a pro forma
combined basis for Objet, for 2012. The changes in gross profit from services
and gross profit as a percentage of related sales also reflect strong growth in
our customer service maintenance contracts and spare parts sales. In addition,
our RedEye paid parts service gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of
related sales increased due to growth in sales volume to cover fixed
overhead. Gross profit from services increased by 2.5% in 2012 as compared to 2011
due to strong revenue growth from our RedEye paid parts service and the
consolidation of Objet’s December service revenues. Operating Expenses The amount of each type of operating expense for the last three years, as
well as the percentage change between such annual periods, and total operating
expenses as a percentage of our total sales in each such annual period, was as
follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Research and development, net | $ | 52,310 | $ | 19,659 | $ | 36,923 | 166.1 | % | 41.7 | % | $ | 14,360 | 36.9 | %
Selling, general & administrative | 202,794 | 73,130 | 141,232 | 177.3 | % | 43.6 | % | 39,038 | 87.3 | %
$ | 255,104 | $ | 92,789 | $ | 178,155 | 174.9 | % | 43.2 | % | $ | 53,398 | 73.8 | %
Percentage of sales | 52.7 | % | 43.1 | % | 49.6 | % | 34.3 | % Research and development expenses increased by 166.1% during 2013. The
increase was driven primarily by the results of a full year in 2013 of combined
operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one month of combined
operations in 2012 and the inclusion of MakerBot operations in 2013. Research and development expenses for 2013 increased as compared to
research and development expenses, on a pro forma combined basis for Objet, for
2012. The increase was primarily driven by increased investment in new product
initiatives, an increase in headcount to support these initiatives and the
MakerBot transaction. In addition to ongoing MakerBot research and development
expenses, we recorded an expense of $2.0 million for the MakerBot performance
bonus plan. Refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 18 of this annual report for information regarding the MakerBot performance
bonus plan and earn-out. Research and development expense as a percentage of sales increased to
10.8% in 2013 as compared to 9.1% in 2012. This increase reflects our intention
to continue to invest in research and development efforts, which focus on
enhancing our AM technologies and developing consumables that offer an even
broader array of physical, mechanical and aesthetic properties, aimed at
broadening user applications. The increase was partially offset by an increase
in research and development expense reimbursements received in connection with
our collaborative agreements discussed below. 61 Research and
development expenses increased by 36.9% during 2012 as compared to 2011. The
increase was driven primarily by new product initiatives with respect to our
product lines and by the inclusion of $1.5 million in expenses related to
research and development activities of Objet for the month of December 2012. The
increase was partially offset by an increase in research and development expense
reimbursements received in connection with our collaborative agreements. We have agreements with two manufacturing companies under which we
jointly advance certain of our proprietary technology with each of those two
companies. The agreements entitle us to receive reimbursement payments of costs
actually incurred under joint development projects. During the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, approximately $3.6 million, $3.2 million and
$0.7 million, respectively, of research and development expenses were offset by
payments that we received from these companies. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 177.3% in 2013 as compared to
the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by the results of a full year
in 2013 of combined operations of Stratasys, Inc. and Objet compared to only one
month of combined operations in 2012 and the inclusion of MakerBot operations
after the MakerBot transaction. These two transactions added $14.2 million in
stock compensation
expense and $16.4 million in amortization expense related to intangible assets
for 2013. In addition, we recorded an expense of $7.9 million to selling,
general and administrative expense for the MakerBot performance bonus plan and
for the revaluation of the MakerBot earn-out in 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December
31, 2013 increased as compared to selling, general and administrative expenses,
on a pro forma combined basis for Objet, for the year ended December 31, 2012.
The increase was primarily due to significant integration expenses related to
the mergers, changes in our product distribution strategy involving independent
sales agents and resellers, which resulted in increased sales commissions,
expenses for strategic sales and marketing initiatives aimed at increasing our
market presence, an increase in administrative expenses and headcount to support
our growth, and the MakerBot transaction. In addition to ongoing MakerBot
selling, general and administrative expenses, we recorded an expense of $7.9
million for the revaluation of the MakerBot performance bonus plan and
earn-out. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 87.3% in 2012
as compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily due to $10.9 million
of legal, advisory, accounting and integration expenses related to the
Stratasys-Objet merger, a $4.5 million charge for the acceleration of stock
option vesting upon the closing of the Stratasys-Objet merger as well as
significant expenses surrounding our new Mojo 3D printer launch. In addition,
expenses related to selling, general and administrative activities of Objet for
the month of December 2012 accounted for $10.7 million of our selling, general
and administrative expenses. These additional expenses included a $3.3 million
charge for amortization of the acquired order backlog adjusted to fair value at
December 1, 2012 and the inclusion of $0.7 million of amortization expense
related to Objet intangible assets. Operating Income (Loss) Operating income (loss) and operating income (loss) as a percentage of
our total net sales for the last three years, as well as the percentage change
in operating income between those years, were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Operating income (loss) | $ | (28,931 | ) | $ | 17,122 | $ | (14,232 | ) | -269.0 | % | 103.3 | % | $ | 29,006 | -41.0 | %
Percentage of sales | -6.0 | % | 8.0 | % | -4.0 | % | 18.6 | % 62 We recognized an
operating loss for 2013 of $28.9 million as compared to operating income of
$17.1 million in 2012, resulting in a reduction of our operating income of $46.0 million, or 269.0%. The increase in operating loss was primarily attributable to expenses of
$73.9 million from amortization of intangible assets attributable to the
Stratasys-Objet merger and the MakerBot transaction and expense of $9.9 million
for the MakerBot performance bonus plan and revaluation of the MakerBot earn-out
for the 2013 as compared to amortization expense of $10.1 million from
intangible assets for 2012. The effect of the increase in amortization expense
and MakerBot performance bonus plan and earn-out revaluation on operating income
was partially offset by the increased systems, consumables and service sales
discussed above. Operating loss for 2013 increased as compared to operating loss, on a pro
forma combined basis for Objet, for 2012. The increase in operating loss was
primarily attributable to expense of $73.9 million from amortization of
intangible assets and expense of $9.9 million for the MakerBot performance bonus
plan and revaluation of the MakerBot earn-out for 2013 as compared to
amortization expense of $48.3 million from intangible assets in the pro forma
combined operating loss for 2012. The effect of the increase in amortization
expense and MakerBot performance bonus plan and earn-out on operating income was
partially offset by the increased systems, consumables and service sales
discussed above, and non-recurring charges in 2012 discussed in the next
paragraph. Operating income in 2012 decreased by $11.9 million, or 41.0%, relative
to 2011. The decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to $10.9
million of legal, advisory, accounting and integration expenses related to the
Stratasys-Objet merger and a $4.5 million charge for the acceleration of stock
option vesting upon the closing of the Stratasys-Objet merger. In addition, the
decrease was due to the inclusion of Objet’s December results, which included a
$1.1 million reduction in revenue for the amortization of the acquired deferred
revenues adjusted to fair value at December 1, 2012, $10.1 million of
amortization expense related to intangible assets and stock compensation expense
of $1.6 million related to the consummation of the merger. Other Income (Expense) Other income (expense) and other income (expense) as a percentage of our
total net sales for the last three years, as well as the percentage change in
other income between those years, were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Other income (expense) | $ | (450 | ) | $ | 1,388 | $ | 2,124 | -132.4 | % | -121.2 | % | $ | 2,346 | -40.8 | %
Percentage of sales | -0.1 | % | 0.6 | % | 0.6 | % | 1.5 | % Other expense in
2013 increased as compared to other income in 2012. The expense in 2013 is
primarily due to net foreign currency transaction losses. 63 Income Taxes
(Benefit) Income taxes and income taxes as a percentage of net income before taxes for the
last three years, as well as the percentage change in income taxes between those
years, were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Income taxes (benefit) | $ | (2,474 | ) | $ | 9,687 | $ | 9,407 | -125.5 | % | -126.3 | % | $ | 10,726 | -9.7 | %
As a percent of
income before income taxes | 8.4 | % | 52.3 | % | -77.7 | % | -83.9 | % | -110.8 | % | 34.2 | % | 53.0 | % Stratasys, Inc.’s historical effective income tax rate was between 32% and 35%
from 2009 through 2011. Objet’s historical effective income tax rate was between
9.8% and 11.9% during the same period. As expected, our effective income tax
rate rates for 2013 reflected a blending of these historical effective income
tax rates. Our effective tax rate has varied significantly since the December 1,
2012 Stratasys-Objet merger due to the lower tax rate in Israel, and changes in
mix of income (loss) between the U.S. and Israel, as well as the impact of the
tax benefit as a result of the realization of the deferred tax liability
associated with the amortization of the intangible assets. During 2013, we adjusted our long-term tax rates due to obtaining an approval
from the Israeli Tax Authorities under the Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary
Enterprise programs and due to a recent amendment of the Israeli Income Tax
Ordinance, under which the corporate tax rate will be 26.5% commencing on
January 1, 2014. As a result, we recorded a net reduction of approximately $0.6
million in its income tax expense and in its deferred tax liabilities associated
with the amortization of the intangible assets. Net Income (Loss) Attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. Net
income (loss) and net income (loss) as a percentage of our total revenues for
the last three years, as well as the percentage change in net income between
those years, were as follows: Pro Forma | Pro Forma
GAAP | GAAP | Combined including | GAAP | Combined | GAAP | GAAP
2013 | 2012 | Objet 2012 | Change | Change | 2011 | Change
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (26,954 | ) | $ | 8,491 | $ | (21,577 | ) | -417.4 | % | 24.9 | % | $ | 20,626 | -58.8 | %
Percentage of Sales | -5.6 | % | 3.9 | % | -6.0 | % | 13.2 | % For
the reasons cited previously in this operating and financial review and
prospects section, we had a significant net loss for 2013 compared to net income
in 2012, and our net loss increased as compared to the net loss on a pro forma
combined basis including Objet, for 2012. For the reasons cited previously in
this operating and financial review and prospects section, our net income for
2012 decreased as compared to our net income in 2011. 64 Table of Operations on a Pro Forma
Combined Including Objet Basis The
following table sets forth unaudited pro forma condensed combined for Objet
statements of operations information for the year ended December 31, 2012, which
combine the historical consolidated statements of operations of Stratasys, Inc.
and Objet, giving effect to the Stratasys-Objet merger as if it had been
consummated on January 1, 2012. This information has been derived from and
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
of Stratasys Ltd. included in this Form 20-F. Year ended December 31, 2012
(in thousands)
Historical | Pro Forma
Combined | Adjustments | Combined
Net sales | 357,986 | 1,068 | (a) | 359,054
Cost of sales | 160,023 | 35,108 | (a)(b)(c)(d)(e) | 195,131
Gross profit | 197,963 | (34,040 | ) | 163,923
Research and development | 34,286 | 2,637 | (b) (c) | 36,923
Selling, general and administrative | 147,035 | (5,803 | ) | (a)(b)(c)(d)(e) | 141,232
Operating income (loss) | 16,642 | (30,874 | ) | (14,232 | )
Other income | 2,124 | - | 2,124
Income (loss) before taxes | 18,766 | (30,874 | ) | (12,108 | )
Income taxes | 11,690 | (2,283 | ) | (f) | 9,407
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys
Ltd. | 7,015 | (28,592 | ) | (21,577 | ) The
specific pro forma adjustments are as follows: a) | Elimination of one-time expense as arising from the Stratasys-Objet merger related to the amortization of purchase price adjustments for acquired deferred revenues, inventory and order backlog. Such amounts are not reflected above as these are considered nonrecurring charges that are to be included in the statement of operations within twelve months following the transaction. Accordingly, pro forma adjustments for one-time expenses have been included as
follows: Year ended
(in thousands) | December 31, 2012
Revenues | $ | 1,068
Cost of sales—Products | (2,824 | )
Selling, general and administrative | (3,264 | ) b) | To reflect the amortization of intangible assets arising from the Stratasys-Objet merger. Accordingly, pro forma adjustments for amortization expense have been included as follows: Year ended
(in thousands) | December 31, 2012
Cost of sales—Products | $ | 36,019
Selling, general and administrative | 8,220 65 c) | To reflect stock-based compensation expense. Objet stock options vest over a four-year period and were only exercisable upon the consummation of a liquidity event. Objet treated the stock options as performance-based awards and concluded that such performance condition was not probable. As a result, no stock-based compensation expense had been recognized on outstanding Objet stock options. The Stratasys-Objet merger was a liquidity event and vested options became exercisable at the date of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Under reverse acquisition accounting, Objet stock options were deemed (for accounting purposes only) to be replaced by Stratasys options. The fair value of these replacement options is determined by using the current Stratasys stock price as an input to the Black-Scholes valuation model. The total fair value of these options of $227.7 million was allocated $183 million to services rendered prior to the merger date based upon vesting and included as part of the purchase price and $44.7 million to services to be rendered after the merger date, and is being included in future stock-based compensation expense. Accordingly, pro forma adjustments to increase stock-based compensation expense have been included as follows: Year ended
(in thousands) | December 31, 2012
Cost of sales—Products | $ | 1,029
Cost of sales—Services | 1,218
Research and development | 3,205
Selling, general and administrative | 17,190 d) | Elimination of one-time stock-based expense. Under the terms of the option awards, certain Stratasys, Inc. stock options granted prior to the date of the Stratasys-Objet merger agreement were fully exercisable automatically upon the consummation of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Stratasys, Inc. recognized a one-time stock-based compensation expense of $3.8 million on the merger. Such amount is not reflected above as it is considered a nonrecurring charge that is be included in the statement of operations within twelve months following the transaction. Accordingly, pro forma adjustments for stock-based compensation expense have been included to reduce stock-based compensation expense as follows: Year ended
(in thousands) | December 31, 2012
Cost of sales—Products | $ | (295 | )
Cost of sales—Services | (39 | )
Research and development | (568 | )
Selling, general and administrative | (2,909 | ) e) | Elimination of transaction costs. Total transaction costs related to the merger of $25 million were recorded as an expense in combined selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2012. These costs have been removed from selling, general and administrative expenses with a pro forma adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2012 as these costs do not have an ongoing impact.
f) | Income tax expense. To reflect the effect of the Stratasys-Objet merger on the (provision) benefit for income taxes (with the exception of non-tax-deductible stock-based compensation expense and transaction costs) for the year ended December 31, 2012. 66 Results of Operations on Non-GAAP Basis The
following table sets forth certain unaudited historical non-GAAP data for the
year ended December 31, 2013 and unaudited pro forma condensed combined
including Objet non-GAAP data for the year ended December 31, 2012. 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Combined including
Non-GAAP | Objet Non-GAAP | Change
Gross profit | $ | 288,890 | $ | 208,362 | 38.6%
Operating income | 97,682 | 74,158 | 31.7%
Net income attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | 81,959 | 59,588 | 37.5% The
following table sets forth certain unaudited historical non-GAAP data for the
year ended December 31, 2013 and unaudited pro forma condensed combined non-GAAP
data for the year ended December 31, 2012, as a percentage of net sales for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Combined including
Non-GAAP | Objet Non-GAAP
Net sales | 100.0% | 100.0%
Gross profit | 59.4% | 58.0%
Operating income | 20.1% | 20.7%
Net income attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | 16.8% | 16.6% The
foregoing non-GAAP data, which exclude the categories of expenses described
below, are non-GAAP financial measures. Our management believes that these
non-GAAP financial measures are useful information for investors and
shareholders of our company in gauging our results of operations (x) on an
ongoing basis after the Stratasys-Objet merger and MakerBot transaction, and (y)
excluding non-cash charges for share-based compensation and amortization of
intangible assets, which do not reflect actual cash outlays that impact our
liquidity or our financial condition, as assessed by management. These non-GAAP
financial measures are presented to permit investors to more fully understand
how management assesses our performance. The limitations of using these non-GAAP
financial measures as performance measures are that they provide a view of our
results of operations without including all events during a period, such as the
effects of merger-related, non-cash compensation and other charges, and may not
provide a comparable view of our performance to other companies in our industry.
The presentation of these non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in
isolation or as an alternative to any measure of financial performance
calculated in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of historical and pro forma
GAAP to the historical and pro forma non-GAAP results of operations is set forth
at the end of the following discussion. 67 Discussion of Results of Operations on
Non-GAAP Basis Gross Profit Gross
profit for the past two years, gross profit as a percentage of sales, as well as
the percentage change from year to year, were as follows: 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Combined including
Non-GAAP | Objet Non-GAAP | Change
Gross profit | $ | 288,890 | $ | 208,362 | 38.6%
Percentage of sales | 59.4 | % | 58.0 | % Non-GAAP gross profit for 2013 increased as compared to non-GAAP gross profit,
on pro forma combined basis for Objet, for 2012. The increase was primarily
attributable to sales growth in systems, consumables and services as well as the
merger with MakerBot on August 15, 2013 as discussed above. Non-GAAP gross profit in 2013 as a percentage of sales increased as compared to
2012 on a pro forma combined basis for Objet primarily due to increased systems,
consumables and service sales volume to cover fixed overhead, a product mix that
favored our higher-margin Production series and high-end Design series systems
and strong growth in our high-margin consumables sales. Operating Income Operating income and operating income as a percentage of our total revenues for
the last two years, as well as the percentage change in operating income between
those years, were as follows: 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Combined including
Non-GAAP | Objet Non-GAAP | Change
Operating income | $ | 97,682 | $ | 74,158 | 31.7 | %
Percentage of sales | 20.1 | % | 20.7 | % Non-GAAP operating income for 2013 increased as compared to non-GAAP operating
income, on pro forma combined basis for Objet, for 2012. The increase in
operating income was primarily due to the increase in sales and gross profit
discussed above. The increase in operating income attributable to sales growth
was partially offset by an increase in operating expenses related to research
and development initiatives, changes in our product distribution strategy
involving independent sales agents, which resulted in increased sales
commissions, expenses for strategic initiatives to increase our market presence
by intensifying marketing efforts and an increase in administrative expenses and
headcount to support our growth. The decrease in operating income as a
percentage of sales for 2013 as compared to the prior year reflects our
commitment to invest in strategic initiatives in order to support our long-term
growth as well as the inclusion of MakerBot. 68 Net Income Attributable to Stratasys
Ltd. Net
income and net income as a percentage of our total revenues for the last two
years, as well as the percentage change in net income between those years, were
as follows: 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Combined including
Non-GAAP | Objet Non-GAAP | Change
Net income attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | 81,959 | $ | 59,588 | 37.5 | %
Percentage of sales | 16.8 | % | 16.6 | % Non-GAAP net income in 2013 increased by $22.4 million, or 37.5%, as compared to
non-GAAP net income, on a pro forma combined basis for Objet, for 2012. In
addition to the factors discussed above, non-GAAP net income increased as
compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in the effective tax
rate. Our effective tax rate has varied significantly since the December 1, 2012
Stratasys-Objet merger due to the lower tax rate in Israel, and changes in mix
of income (loss) between the U.S. and Israel. The decrease in the effective tax
rate in Israel is a result of our tax benefits granted under the “Approved
Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise” status. We expect to realize
significant tax savings based on the determination that some of our industrial
projects have been granted “Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise”
status, which provide certain benefits, including tax exemptions for
undistributed income and reduced tax rates. In addition, we are a Foreign
Investors Company and Industrial Company as defined by the Israeli Investment
Law, which entitles us to further reductions in the tax rate normally applicable
to Approved Enterprises and Beneficiary Enterprises, depending on the level of
foreign ownership, and certain tax benefits. The
entitlement to the above benefits is conditional upon our fulfilling the
conditions stipulated by the Investment Law and related regulations. Should we
fail to meet such requirements in the future, income attributable to our
Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise programs could be subject to the
statutory Israeli corporate tax rate and we could be required to refund a
portion of the tax benefits already received with respect to such programs. 69 Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP
Results of Operations (in thousands)
2012 Pro Forma | 2012 Pro Forma
2013 | Non-GAAP | 2013 | Combined | Non-GAAP | Combined including
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP | including Objet | Adjustments | Objet Non-GAAP
Gross profit (1) | $ | 226,173 | $ | 62,717 | $ | 288,890 | $ | 163,923 | $ | 44,439 | $ | 208,362
Operating income (loss) (1,2) | (28,931 | ) | 126,613 | 97,682 | (14,232 | ) | 88,390 | 74,158
Net income (loss) attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (26,954 | ) | 108,913 | 81,959 | (21,577 | ) | 81,165 | 59,588
(1) | Acquired intangible assets
amortization expense | 45,689 | 37,146
Deferred revenue and inventory
purchase price adjustments | 13,654 | 3,892
Non-cash stock-based compensation
expense | 2,980 | 2,665
Merger related expense | 394 | 736
62,717 | 44,439
(2) | Acquired intangible assets
amortization expense | 17,066 | 9,500
Non-cash stock-based compensation
expense | 21,282 | 25,189
Earn-out obligation and performance
bonus expense | 9,867 | -
Merger related expense | 15,681 | 9,262
63,896 | 43,951
126,613 | 88,390
(3) | Tax expense related to adjustments | (17,575 | ) | (7,225 | )
Depreciation and amortization
expense attributable to non-
controlling interest | (125 | ) | -
(17,700 | ) | (7,225 | )
$ | 108,913 | $ | 81,165 Forward-looking Statements and
Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operation See
“Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements” at the beginning of this
annual report (following the table of contents). Variability of Operating
Results Our
sales and profitability may vary in any given year, and from quarter to quarter,
depending on the number and mix of products sold and the average selling price
of the products, and are also affected by the seasonality of our business. In
addition, due to competition, uncertain market acceptance and other factors, we
may be required to reduce prices for our products in the future. Our
future results will be affected by a number of factors, including our ability
to: increase the number of units sold; develop, introduce and deliver new
products on a timely basis; accurately anticipate customer demand patterns; and
manage future inventory levels in line with anticipated demand. Our results may
also be affected by competitive factors, the extent to which our cost reduction
program succeeds, the availability of working capital, results of litigation,
the enforcement of intellectual property rights, currency exchange rate
fluctuations and economic conditions in the geographic areas in which we
operate. There can be no assurance that our historical performance in sales,
gross profit and net income (loss) will improve or even continue, or that sales,
gross profit and net income (loss) in any particular
quarter will improve over those of preceding quarters, including comparable
quarters of previous years. See Item 3.D - “Risk Factors” above. 70 Effective Corporate Tax
Rate See
“Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs — General Corporate Tax
Structure in Israel” in Item 4.B above for a discussion of the general tax
structure in Israel and applicable corporate tax rates. In
2013, we derived a significant portion of our income from facilities granted
Approved or Beneficiary Enterprise status, and therefore our effective tax rate
was significantly reduced from the historic rate of Stratasys, Inc. See “Israeli
Tax Considerations and Government Programs — The Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above. Income tax expense in our historical
financial statements prior to 2013 related primarily to the income taxes of
non-Israeli subsidiaries, as income from Objet Ltd. was included only for the
month of December, 2012, subsequent to the Stratasys-Objet merger. In
the event we have taxable income in Israel, derived from sources other than
Approved or Beneficiary Enterprises, such income would be taxable at the regular
Israeli corporate tax rates described above. As
part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we must
estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This
process involves our estimating our actual current tax exposure together with
assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for
tax and accounting purposes. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates
due to future changes in income tax law or results from final tax examinations
and reviews. Effects of Government Regulations and
Location on our Business For a
discussion of the effects of Israeli governmental regulation and our location in
Israel on our business, see “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs”
in Item 4.B above and the “Risks related to operations in Israel” in Item 3.D
above. Inflation We
believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operations or on our
financial condition during the three most recent fiscal years. Foreign Currency Transactions See
“Foreign Currency Exchange Risk” in Item 11 below for a discussion of foreign
currency transactions. 71 B. Liquidity and Capital Resources A summary of our statement of cash
flows for the three years
ended December 31, 2013 is as follows: 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Net income (loss) | $ | (26,907 | ) | $ | 8,823 | $ | 20,626
Depreciation and amortization | 92,436 | 19,497 | 10,348
Deferred income taxes | (19,449 | ) | (2,266 | ) | (113 | )
Stock-based compensation | 24,262 | 8,874 | 1,587
Excess tax benefit from stock options | (2,817 | ) | (15,192 | ) | (2,620 | )
Change in working capital and other | (35,496 | ) | (18,242 | ) | (7,316 | )
Net cash provided by operating and other activities | 32,029 | 1,494 | 22,512
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | (226,751 | ) | 81,518 | (38,806 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 474,915 | 30,489 | 8,769
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash | 69 | 233 | 63
Change in cash and cash equivalents | 280,262 | 113,734 | (7,462 | )
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 133,826 | 20,092 | 27,554
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 414,088 | $ | 133,826 | $ | 20,092 Our
cash and cash equivalents balance increased to $414.1 million at December 31,
2013 from $133.8 million at December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily due to
the net proceeds of $462.9 million from the sale of 5,175,000 of our ordinary
shares, which closed on September 18, 2013. Cash also increased due to $15.3
million of additional cash provided by financing activities, which primarily
reflected the proceeds from the exercise of stock options. These increases were
offset by the $ 226.8 million used in investing activities, which primarily
reflected the increase of $180.3 million in short-term bank deposits and the
acquisition of $ 33.3 million of property and equipment. Our cash and cash
equivalents balance increased to $133.8 million at December 31, 2012 from $20.1
million at December 31, 2011. The increase was primarily due to $81.5 million of
cash provided by investing activities, which reflected the sale and maturity of
investments and cash acquired in the Stratasys-Objet merger. In addition, cash
provided by financing activities provided $30.5 million in proceeds from the
exercise of stock options and the related excess tax benefit. Cash flow from operating activities We
generated cash from operating activities of $ 32.0 million during 2013. The net
loss of $26.9 million was favorably adjusted due to non-cash charges for
depreciation and amortization of $92.4 million and stock-based compensation
expense of $24.3 million. Non-cash charges that unfavorably affected cash from
operating activities were the deferred tax benefit and excess tax benefit from
stock option exercises. Changes in working capital using cash from operations, driven by strong order
flow, included a $30.3 million increase in accounts receivable, an increase in
our net investment in sales-type leases of $4.9 million and an increase in
inventory of $ 27.1 million in anticipation of continued strong order flow. In
addition, an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, resulted in cash
used in operating activities of $2.8 million. Changes in working capital
providing cash from operations included a $18.8 million increase in accounts
payable and other liabilities, primarily driven by an overall increase in
operating expenses. The majority of the remaining cash from operations included
an $11.6 million increase in unearned revenues and change in the earn-out
obligations of $0.8 million. We
generated $1.5 million in cash from operating activities during 2012. Net income
of $8.8 million was favorably adjusted for non-cash charges of $19.5 million in
depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense of $8.9
million. Non-cash charges that unfavorably affected cash provided by operating
activities were a $2.3 million deferred tax benefit and a $15.2 million excess
tax benefit from stock option exercises. Changes in working capital providing cash from operations in 2012 included a
$21.3 million increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
primarily driven by an overall increase in operating expenses and timing of
payments. A decrease in unearned revenues and other non-current liabilities
provided cash from operations of $0.9 million. Changes in working capital using
cash from operations included a $28.5 million increase in accounts receivable
due to strong order flow and the merger and an increase of inventory of $7.7
million in anticipation of strong order flow and expected sales growth resulting
from the merger. An increase in receivables from sales-type leases used cash of
$4.2 million, reflecting strong sales growth and continued success of our
leasing program. 72 We
generated $22.5 million in cash from operating activities during 2011, primarily
driven by net income of $20.6 million. Net income was adjusted for non-cash
charges of $10.3 million in depreciation and amortization, stock-based
compensation expense of $1.6 million, a $1.8 million gain on the sale of an
equity investment and an auction rate security, excess tax benefits on stock
option exercises of $2.6 million and $0.3 million from deferred tax benefits and
the gain on disposal of fixed assets. Changes in working capital that provided cash from operations in 2011 included a
$6.5 million increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
primarily driven by an overall increase in operating expenses and timing of
payments. A decrease in prepaid expenses, unearned revenues and other assets
provided cash from operations of $2.3 million. Changes in working capital using
cash from operations included a $5.8 million increase in accounts receivable due
to strong order flow and an increase of inventory of $5.8 million in
anticipation of strong order flow, anticipated sales growth for both systems and
consumables and the acquisition of Solidscape. An increase in receivables from
sales-type leases used cash of $2.6 million, reflecting strong sales growth and
the success of our leasing program. Cash flow from investing activities Our
investing activities used cash of $ 226.8 million in 2013 and $38.8 million in
2011 and provided cash of $81.5 million in 2012. The purchase of short-term bank
deposits used cash of $180.3 million for investing activities in 2013. The sale
and maturity of investments, net of investment purchases provided $54.9 million
and $16.9 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively. Property and equipment acquisitions, net of sales, totaled $ 32.6 million, $11.8
million, and $12.8 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Over the
three-year period ended December 31, 2013, our principal property and equipment
acquisitions were for manufacturing or engineering development equipment,
tooling, leasehold improvements and the acquisition of computer systems and
software applications. Payments for intangible assets, including patents and
capitalized software, amounted to $4.7 million, $3.0 million and $4.3 million in
2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The
merger with MakerBot used $8.8 million of cash for investing activities in 2013
related to consideration paid net of cash acquired. The all-stock
Stratasys-Objet merger provided $41.5 million of cash for investing activities
in 2012. The cash acquisition of Solidscape, net of cash acquired, used $38.6 million of cash for investing activities in 2011. Cash flow from financing activities On
September 18, 2013, we completed the public offering of 5,175,000 of our
ordinary shares and received net proceeds of $462.9 million. Proceeds from the
exercise of stock options provided cash of $12.5 million, $15.3 million and $6.1
million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The excess tax benefit from the
exercise of stock options and warrant was $2.8 million, $15.2 million and $2.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. Capital resources and capital
expenditures Our
total current assets amounted to $ 852.1 million at December 31, 2013, most of
which consisted of cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits, accounts
receivable, and inventories. Total current liabilities amounted to $137.7
million. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in banks in Israel,
Switzerland and the U.S., with only minor amounts subject to any restrictions on
movement of balances within our company and our subsidiaries. We also entered
into a $250 million revolving credit facility on November 8, 2013, which has no
balance outstanding and is described in more detail in note 9 to our
consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. We
believe that we will have adequate cash and cash generated from operating
activities to fund our ongoing operations during 2014. We may make investments
in property and equipment, process improvements, information technology, or IT,
and human resource development activities that will be required for future
growth. We estimate that we will spend between approximately $50 million and $70
million in 2014 for property and equipment. The
initial consideration in the MakerBot transaction was in the form of issuance of
our ordinary shares. As described in more detail in note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report, MakerBot
stakeholders were eligible for performance based earn-out and bonus payments up
to an aggregate of 1.8 million shares. The value of any shares earned will be
equal to the price of Stratasys ordinary shares on the date the amount of shares
is determined. Based on the results for the first earn-out period, which ended
on December 31, 2013, we have determined that the earn-out payment will be $12.0
million and the payment for the performance plan will also be $12.0 million
(both subject to change in the Stratasys share price between December 31, 2013
and the payment date, which is expected to occur primarily in March 2014). The
earn-out and bonus payments will be made in issuance of our stock or in cash, or
a combination thereof, at our discretion, which we will determine at the time of
payment. The current range of the undiscounted amounts that we could be
obligated to pay in 2015 for the second earn-out period that ends December 31,
2014 is between zero and approximately $108.2 million for the earn-out and the
same range for the performance bonus plan (both based on Stratasys share price
at December 31, 2013). 73 As part of our business strategy, we plan to consider and, as appropriate, make
acquisitions of other businesses, products, product rights or technologies. Our
cash reserves, other liquid assets and availability under our revolving credit
facility may be inadequate to consummate such acquisitions and it may be
necessary for us to issue shares or raise substantial additional funds in the
future to complete future transactions. In addition, as a result of our
acquisition efforts, we are likely to experience significant charges to earnings
and significant cash outflows for mergers and related expenses (whether or not
our efforts are successful) that may include transaction costs, closing costs or
costs of restructuring activities. Revolving credit facility On November 8 , 2013, our company and Stratasys International Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary, which served as borrower, entered into a credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A., or BofA, as administrative agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto. Under the credit agreement, Citibank, N.A. and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, serve as co-syndication agents and Silicon Valley Bank serves as documentation agent. The credit agreement provides for a five year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $250 million. The revolving credit facility permits swing line loans of up to the lesser of: (1) $25 million and (2) the aggregate commitments of all the lenders. The borrower has the right to make up to three requests to increase the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility by an aggregate amount for all such requests of up to $75 million, provided that, in each case, the lenders (including new lenders who are eligible assignees under the credit agreement) are willing to provide such new or increased commitments and certain other conditions are met. All of the obligations under the credit agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by our company and by our (and the borrower’s) active U.S. and Israeli subsidiaries (excluding, through the end of 2014, MakerBot and its subsidiaries). At the borrower’s option, revolving loans under the credit agreement (other than swing line loans) will accrue interest based on either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR) plus a margin based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio (defined as consolidated funded indebtedness over consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) for the previous rolling four quarters (to which we refer as the leverage ratio); or (ii) a base rate of (a) the federal funds rate plus a margin, (b) BofA’s announced prime rate, or (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus a margin, whichever is highest, plus a margin that is dependent on the leverage ratio (we refer to the foregoing interest rate under the credit agreement as the base rate). Swing line loans will accrue interest at the base rate plus the then-applicable margin for base rate loans. Payments of the principal amounts of (i) revolving loans are due on the fifth anniversary of the closing of the facility, which we refer to as the maturity date, and (ii) swing line loans are due on the earlier of (a) 10 business days after such loan is made, or (b) the maturity date. Interest on Eurodollar Rate Loans is payable on the last day of each interest period (provided that if an interest period exceeds three months, such interest payments are also due on the dates falling every three months after the beginning of such interest period) and, for any base rate loan, is payable on the last business day of each calendar quarter. Borrowings under the credit agreement are available for general corporate purposes (including, without limitation, permitted acquisitions and investments) and for other permitted purposes set forth in the credit agreement. The borrower must also pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility at a rate of 0.375% to 0.425% based on the leverage ratio. The borrower may prepay, reduce or terminate the commitments, in whole or in part, in minimum amounts without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs with respect to Eurodollar Rate borrowings. The credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants include, without limitation, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, and certain dispositions. The negative covenants are each subject to a number of specific exceptions, as well as broader exceptions which are a function of our consolidated financial status. These broader exceptions include, among other things, the ability of our company, the borrower, or any of their subsidiaries to make investments, consummate acquisitions (as such terms are defined in the credit agreement), and incur additional unsecured indebtedness in the form of convertible unsecured bonds or similar convertible securities, as long as certain conditions are met. We believe that we were in compliance with the affirmative covenants under the credit agreement as of December 31, 2013. The credit agreement also contains customary events of default that entitle the lenders to cause any or all of the borrower’s indebtedness to become immediately due and payable, including, among other things: (i) failure to pay any principal when due and payable; (ii) failure to pay interest within five days after it is due; (iii) failure to comply with certain covenants and representations; (iv) a change of control (as defined in the credit agreement); (v) cross-defaults based on defaults under certain other agreements; (vi) the maintenance by us of material monetary judgments that remain unstayed; (vii) insolvency and bankruptcy defaults. There are also customary grace periods provided before certain events are deemed events of default under the credit agreement. Contractual obligations For information concerning our
material commitments as of December 31, 2013, see Item 5.F below (“Tabular
Disclosure of Contractual Obligations”). C. Research and Development, Patents
and Licenses, Etc. For a discussion of our research and development policies, see “Research and
Development” and “Regulation— Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs
– Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above and the
“Risks related to operations in Israel” in Item 3.D above. D. Trend Information. For trend information, see the Risk Factors described in Item 3.D above, the
“Overview” and “Operating Results” sections of this Item 5 - “Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects” and Item 4 - “Information on the Company” above. E. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. Except for standard operating leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance
sheet arrangements, such as the use of unconsolidated subsidiaries, structured
finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. We do not believe that our off-balance sheet arrangements and commitments have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors. 74 F. Tabular Disclosure of Contractual
Obligations. The
following table summarizes our material known contractual obligations and commitments as
of December 31, 2013 that we expect to require significant cash outlays in the
future (in thousands): Payments Due by Period
Less Than | 1-3 | 3-5 | More Than
1 Year | Years | Years | 5 Years
2019 and
Total | 2014 | 2015-2016 | 2017-2018 | Thereafter
Operating lease obligations (1) | 64,847 | $ | 7,058 | $ | 15,936 | $ | 10,883 | $ | 30,970
Purchase obligations (including
purchase orders) | 65,765 | 65,765 | - | - | -
$ | 130,612 | $ | 72,823 | $ | 15,936 | $ | 10,883 | $ | 30,970 ____________________ (1) | Includes lease obligations for facilities. The total amount
of unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions was $7.4 million as of
December 31, 2013. Payment of these obligations would result from settlements
with taxing authorities. Due to the difficulty in determining the timing of
resolution of audits, these obligations are not included in the above
table. 75 ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
EMPLOYEES . A. Directors and Senior
Management. The following
table lists the names and ages of our current directors, as well as the names,
ages and positions of the current members of our senior management, as of the
filing date of this annual report: Name | Age | Position
S. Scott Crump | 60 | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Innovation Officer
Elchanan Jaglom | 72 | Chairman of the Executive Committee
David Reis | 53 | Chief Executive Officer and Director
Edward J. Fierko | 72 | Director
Ilan Levin | 48 | Director
John J. McEleney | 51 | Director
Clifford H. Schwieter | 66 | Director
Ziva Patir | 64 | Director
Eyal Desheh | 61 | External Director
Victor Leventhal | 69 | External Director
Erez Simha | 51 | Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Israel) S. Scott Crump , who has served
as our Chairman of the Board since the Stratasys-Objet merger and as our Chief
Innovation Officer since February 2013, previously served as Chief Executive
Officer, President, Treasurer and a director of Stratasys, Inc. from its
inception in 1988 until the Stratasys-Objet merger, and as Chief Financial
Officer of Stratasys from February 1990 to May 1997. Mr. Crump was, with Lisa H.
Crump, his wife, a co-founder of Stratasys, Inc., and he is the inventor of our
FDM technology. During the period from 1982 to 1988, Mr. Crump was a co-founder
and Vice President of Sales of IDEA, Inc., which later changed its name to SI
Technologies, Inc., a leading manufacturer of force, load and pressure
transducers. Mr. Crump continued to be a director and shareholder of that
company until its sale to Vishay Intertechnologies, Inc. (NYSE: VSH) in April
2005. Mr. Crump holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Washington State
University. Elchanan Jaglom has served as
Chairman of the Executive Committee of our company since the Stratasys-Objet
merger. Prior to that time, he served as Chairman of Objet’s board of directors
from 2001 until the Stratasys-Objet merger. Mr. Jaglom also served as the
Chairman of Diamond Capital Management Ltd., the investment manager of the
Diamond Group of investment funds, until January 2, 2014. In parallel to his
involvement with these entities, Mr. Jaglom has been involved in investment management of funds, private equity
and venture capital investment since the early 1980s, focusing primarily on
early-stage technology companies. He is currently a member of the Board of
Trustees of the Tel Aviv Museum of Art and the Ben Gurion University of the
Negev. He holds a bachelor’s degree in economics and statistics from the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem and an M.B.A. from New York University. David Reis has served as our (and, prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger,
as Objet’s) Chief Executive Officer since March 2009 and as a director since
June 2013. He also served as a director of Objet from 2003 until the closing of
the Stratasys-Objet merger. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer and
President of NUR Macroprinters Ltd. (NURMF.PK), a wide format printer
manufacturer that was acquired by HP, from February 2006 to March 2008. Prior to
joining NUR, Mr. Reis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of
ImageID, an automatic identification and data capture solution provider, and of
Scitex Vision (NASDAQ & TASE: SCIX), a developer and manufacturer of wide-format printers. Mr. Reis holds a B.A. in
Economics and Management from the Technion/Israel Institute of Technology and an
M.B.A. from the University of Denver. 76 Edward J. Fierko , who
has served as a director of our company since the Stratasys-Objet merger, also
served in that capacity for Stratasys, Inc. from February 2002 until the merger.
Since May 2003, Mr. Fierko has been President of EJF Associates, a consulting
firm. From March 2003 to May 2003, Mr. Fierko was Vice President of GE Osmonics,
Inc., a manufacturer of reverse osmosis water filtration devices. From November
1999 through February 2003, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer
of Osmonics, and from November 1998 to September 1999 he served as Executive
Vice President of Osmonics. From September 1987 to August 1998, Mr. Fierko was
President and CEO of Ecowater International, a holding company with operating
companies in the water, waste and special process treatment industry. Prior to
that, Mr. Fierko held several management positions over a 23-year career at
General Electric Company (NYSE: GE). He holds a B.S. in Accounting from La Salle
University. Ilan Levin has served as a director of our company since 2000. Mr. Levin
was appointed as President and Vice Chairman of the Objet board in February
2011, in which position he remained until the Stratasys-Objet merger. He has
been involved in venture capital and private equity investment activity since
1997, acting as a member of the board of directors and as an advisor for a wide
variety of technology-related companies, as well as a director for Vision Sigma
Ltd. (TLV: VISN:IT). From 2003 through 2009, he served as Chief Executive
Officer of CellGuide Ltd. He holds a B.A.Sc. from the University of Toronto and
an LL.B. from Tel Aviv University. John J. McEleney , who has served as a director of our company since the Stratasys-Objet merger, served as a director of Stratasys, Inc. from 2007 until the Stratasys-Objet merger. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Onshape Inc. a venture backed start-up company focused on applying modern computing to the 3D product design market. Prior to Onshape he was the Chief Executive of Cloud Switch, which was acquired by Verizon. He served as a director of SolidWorks Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systemes S.A. (NASDAQ: DASTY), from June 2000 to May 2008, and also served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2001 until June 2007. Mr. McEleney joined SolidWorks in 1996, serving in several capacities, including Chief Operating Officer and Vice President, Americas Sales. Prior to joining SolidWorks, Mr. McEleney held several key management positions at CAD software pioneer Computervision and at defense contractor Raytheon. Mr. McEleney also serves as a director of Newforma, a privately held software company. He holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Rochester, an M.S. in Manufacturing Engineering from Boston University and an M.B.A. from Northeastern University. Clifford H. Schwieter has been a
director of our company since the Stratasys-Objet merger, after having served in
that same capacity for Stratasys, Inc. from 1994 until the merger. Since 2009,
Mr. Schwieter has been the President and a Managing Director of C.H. Schwieter
and Associates, LLC, a management and financial consulting firm; he also served
in that capacity from 1994 to 2002. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Schwieter was the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Concise Logic, Inc., a software
development company focused on semiconductor design tools. From July 1992 to
March 1994, he served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of
Centric Engineering Systems, Inc., which was engaged in the development of
mechanical design and analysis software for computing systems ranging from
workstations to mainframes and massively parallel networked computing
environments. Mr. Schwieter was Vice President and General Manager of the
Electronic Imaging Systems Division of the DuPont Company (NYSE: DD) from 1986
to 1991. From 1971 to 1986, Mr. Schwieter was with the General Electric Company
(NYSE: GE), where he served as Vice President of GE’s Calma Company from 1985 to
1986 and was responsible for that subsidiary’s worldwide business in the
mechanical design and factory automation arena. He was President and
Representative Director of GE Industrial Automation, Ltd., a joint venture
between GE and C. Itoh & Company located in Tokyo, from 1982 to 1985. He
holds a B.S. in Industrial Management from the University of
Cincinnati. Ziva Patir has served as our director since June 2013, when she was elected as an unclassified director pursuant to an amendment to our amended articles that was adopted in June 2013. Since February 2014, Ms. Patir serves on the board of directors of ELTA Systems Ltd., an Israeli provider of defense products and services. She also serves as a member of the board of Lahav at Tel-Aviv University, the leading provider of executive education in Israel, a position that she has held since 2003. Ms. Patir served as the Vice President of Standards, Policy and Sustainability for Better Place, an infrastructure electrical vehicles company providing technology design and service for switchable battery cars, a position that she held from 2008 until May 2013. From 2008 to 2010, she served as Chair of the Board of the Road Safety Authority (RSA) in Israel. From 1996 to 2008, Ms. Patir held the position of Director General of the Standard Institution of Israel (SII). From 1985 to 1996, Ms. Patir served as the Director of the Quality and Certification Division of SII and held various managerial positions in the Industry and Standardization Divisions from 1976 to 1985. From 2004 to 2008, Ms. Patir served as Vice President of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), as well as chair of the Technical Management Board, leading overall management of ISO technical work. ISO is the world’s largest developer and publisher of international standards. From 1998 to 2000, Ms. Patir was a member of the International Electrotechnical Commission Council Board. Ms. Patir is a Certified Quality Engineer and holds a B.Sc. in Chemistry from Tel-Aviv University and a M.Sc. in Chemistry/Polymer Science from the Weizmann Institute of Science. 77 Eyal
Desheh serves as an external director of our
company. His appointment to that position was effective upon the closing of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, on December 1, 2012, and was ratified by our
shareholders in February 2013. Mr. Desheh currently serves as Chief Financial Officer
of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA), a global pharmaceutical and
drug company, and also served in that capacity from July 2008 to October 2013 (with the additional title of Group Executive Vice
President since 2012). From October 2013 to February 2014, Mr. Desheh served as
Acting President and Chief Executive Officer of Teva. From 2000 until 2008, he
served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Check Point
Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP), a global leading provider of network
security solutions. From 1996 until 2000 he served as CFO of Scitex Corporation
Ltd. (NASDAQ & TASE: SCIX), and from 1989 until 1996, he served as deputy
CFO of Teva Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Mr. Desheh holds a B.A. in Economics and an
M.B.A. in Finance, both from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Victor Leventhal serves as an external director of our company. His
appointment to that position was effective upon the closing of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, on December 1, 2012, and was ratified by our
shareholders in February 2013. Mr. Leventhal has served as a consultant to
SolidWorks Corporation, a 3D CAD software company, since 2006. From 2001 to
2006, he was a Group Executive for Dassault Systemes S.A. (NASDAQ: DASTY), the
parent company of SolidWorks, where he served on the Global Management
Committee. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Leventhal was the Chief Operating Officer of
SolidWorks, where he was responsible for growing the business from its
inception. From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Leventhal was the Chief Executive Officer of
CAD Solutions, LLC, a leading reseller of 2D and 3D CAD products, which he
helped grow from a $5 million company to a $32 million company. From 1985 to
1990, he held numerous executive positions, including serving as the Executive
Vice President of Computerland, the largest computer retailer at the time, where
he was responsible for franchise development, major account sales, marketing,
training, purchasing and vendor relations. Prior to that time, he held various
administrative, operations, marketing and financial positions at IBM for 18
years. He is currently serving on the Advisory Board for SalesKatz, a company
providing information to sales people using proprietary search engine
technology. He has also served on the boards of directors of Solido, a 3D
printing company, Graphisoft, an architectural software company, and 3D Express,
a startup company in the rapid prototyping industry. Mr. Leventhal received a
B.B.A. from the University of Texas. Erez Simha, who joined Objet in November 2011 as its Chief Operations
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has served as our Chief Financial Officer
and as our Chief Operating Officer (Israel) (and, since January 2014, the Chief
Operating Officer of our entire company) since the Stratasys-Objet merger.
Previously, he served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Orbotech Ltd. (NASDAQ GS: ORBK), a developer of automated optical inspection
systems and imaging solutions, from July 2009 to March 2011, prior to which he
had served in several other capacities at Orbotech and its affiliates, including
as Corporate Vice President for Finance from September 2008 to June 2009, Vice
President of Finance and Operations at Orbotech Pacific Ltd. from April 2007 to
August 2008 and Vice President of Finance, Operations and Customer Support at
Orbotech S.A. from May 2004 to March 2007. Prior to joining Orbotech, Mr. Simha
served as Chief Financial Officer of Wiseband Communications Ltd., a developer
of digital multi carrier power amplifiers for the wireless communications
industry, from 2000 to 2004; as the general manager of a private company engaged
in the import and distribution of professional and technical equipment for the
building and metal industries, from 1994 to 2000; and as the controller of
Mishkan—Hapoalim Mortgage Bank, from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Simha is a certified
public accountant and holds a B.A. in economics and accounting and an M.B.A.
from Tel Aviv University. Arrangements for Election of Directors
and Members of Management; Family Relationships As agreed upon in the merger agreement and as reflected in our amended
articles, until December 1, 2014, the second anniversary of the merger, our
board of directors will include: (i) four class A directors, including one
external director, who were appointed by Objet’s board of directors prior to the
merger; (ii) four class B directors appointed by the Stratasys, Inc. board of
directors prior to the merger; and (iii) one class B director, appointed by the
Stratasys, Inc. board of directors and approved by Objet’s board of directors
prior to the merger. As a result of an amendment to our amended articles that
was adopted at our 2013 annual general meeting of shareholders, our board now
also includes one unclassified director, who serves for a one-year term and is
subject to election once again in 2014. For additional information concerning the arrangement for election of class A and class
B directors, please see “Election of Directors” in Item 10.B (“Memorandum and
Articles of Association”) below. There are no family relationships among any
directors or members of our senior management. 78 B. Compensation. The following
table presents all compensation that we paid, or accrued, during the year ended
December 31, 2013 to all persons who served as a director or as a member of
senior management of our company at any time during the year. The table does not
include any amounts that we paid to reimburse any of these persons for costs
incurred in providing us with services during this period. Salaries, Fees, Bonuses | Pension,
Commissions, and | Retirement
Related Benefits Paid | and Other Similar
or Accrued (1) | Benefits Accrued
All directors and members of senior management as a group,
consisting of 12 persons (2) | $ | 2,674,512 (3) | $ | 99,407 ____________________ (1) | Does not include the value attributable to stock option grants. For a discussion of stock option grants to our directors and members of senior management, see below.
(2) | Comprised of the 11 directors and senior management members listed in the table under “Directors and Senior Management” in Item 6.A above, as well as one additional director who resigned from our board of directors in June 2013.
(3) | This compensation amount for the year ended December 31, 2013 excludes an aggregate of $0.2 million of bonuses that were paid in 2013 in respect of services that had been performed during the previous year. Pursuant to the Companies Law, the fees payable to our directors require
approval by (i) the compensation committee of our board, (ii) the board of
directors and (iii) our shareholders (in that order). Please see “Compensation
Policy and Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further
information regarding the requirements under the Companies Law in connection
with the compensation of directors. The following table sets forth the directors’ fees, salary or other
compensation (excluding value attributable to stock option grants and excluding
reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with services) that
is payable to each of our current directors on an annual basis: Per Meeting Fee
(In
Person/
Name of Director | Annual Fee/Salary | Telephonic)
S. Scott Crump | $ | 440,570 | (1) | --
Elchanan Jaglom | $ | 420,000 | (2)
David Reis | $ | 874,983 | (3) | --
Edward J. Fierko | $ | 51,500 | $1,500/ $250
Ilan Levin | $ | 357,919 | (4) | --
John J. McEleney | $ | 50,500 | $1,500/ $250
Clifford H. Schweiter | $ | 43,750 | $1,500/ $250
NIS3,750/
Ziva Patir | $ | 19,404 | (5) | NIS2,250
NIS3,750/
Victor Leventhal | $ | 47,359 | NIS2,250
NIS3,750/
Eyal Desheh | $ | 54,640 | NIS2,250 ____________________ (1) | Constitutes the aggregate salary payable to Mr. Crump for all of the services that he provides to our company, including in respect of his roles as Chairman of the Board and Chief Innovation Officer of our company. Our shareholders have also approved (prior to the merger) a bonus target of $177,716 for Mr. Crump. 79 (2) | Constitutes salary payable in respect of the consulting and director services provided by an entity affiliated with Mr. Jaglom. Does not include Israeli value added tax, or VAT, that is due on the salary payable to Mr. Jaglom.
(3) | Constitutes the aggregate salary (excluding VAT) payable to Mr. Reis for all of the services that he provides to our company, including in respect of his role as Chief Executive Officer , as well as an estimated bonus that may be paid to Mr. Reis in respect of 2013. This total compensation amount includes an estimated bonus that may be paid to Mr. Reis in respect of 2013. The foregoing bonus has not been finalized yet and may furthermore not be payable at all if not approved by the company's shareholders, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Law.
(4) | These amounts exclude other benefits that are provided for by Israeli law or that are customary for senior executives in Israel, including the right to use (and all related fixed and variable costs in respect of) a leased car that we provide to Mr. Levin.
(5) | Does not include VAT that is due on the fees payable to Ms. Patir. During the year
ended December 31, 2013, we granted stock options to purchase an aggregate of $195,582 of our ordinary shares to certain of our directors and members of
our senior management. Information concerning those options that were granted to
our directors during 2013 (including a director who no longer serves on our board
of directors currently) is set forth in the table below: Number of Shares | Exercise Price
Underlying Options | per Ordinary | Expiration Date of
Name of Director | Granted | Share | Options
S. Scott Crump | 100,000 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Edward J. Fierko | 22,000 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
John J. McEleney | 22,000 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Clifford H. Schweiter | 22,000 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Ziva Patir | 29,582 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023 Members of our senior management are eligible for bonuses each year. The
bonuses are payable upon meeting objectives and targets that are set annually by
our Chief Executive Officer and approved by our compensation committee and our
board of directors, in that order. These same corporate bodies also set the
bonus targets for our Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with a December
2012 amendment to the Companies Law, we have adopted a compensation policy that
governs the compensation of our directors and senior management and which has
been approved by (i) the compensation committee of our board, (ii) the board of
directors and (iii) our shareholders (in that order). Please see “Compensation
Policy and Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further
information. For a description of the terms of our stock option and share incentive
plans, see “Share Ownership - Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans” in Item
6.E below. C. Board Practices. Board of Directors Under the Companies Law, the management of our business is vested in our
board of directors. Our board of directors may exercise all powers and may take
all actions that are not specifically granted to our shareholders or to
management. Our executive officers are responsible for our day-to-day management
and have individual responsibilities established by our board of directors. Our
Chief Executive Officer is appointed by, and serves at the discretion of, our
board of directors, subject to the employment agreement that we have entered
into with him and the provisions of our articles that restrict a change in our
Chief Executive Officer during the initial two-year period following the merger. All other executive officers are also
appointed by our board of directors, subject to the terms of any applicable
employment agreements that we may enter into with them. 80 Under our amended
articles, which were effective upon the merger, other than during the initial
two-year term following the merger, our board of directors must consist of at
least seven and not more than 11 directors, including at least two external
directors required to be appointed under the Companies Law. As agreed upon in
the merger agreement and as reflected in our articles, for an initial two year
term following the merger (which will conclude on December 1, 2014), our board
of directors will include (i) four class A directors, including one external
director, who were appointed by Objet’s board of directors prior to the merger;
(ii) four class B directors appointed by the Stratasys, Inc. board of directors
prior to the merger; and (iii) one class B director who also serves as an
external director, appointed by the Stratasys, Inc. board of directors and
approved by Objet’s board of directors prior to the merger. Our current class A
directors consist of Elchanan Jaglom, Ilan Levin, David Reis and Eyal Desheh,
while our current class B directors consist of S. Scott Crump, Edward J. Fierko,
John J. McEleney, Clifford H. Schwieter and Victor Leventhal. The appointment of
Messrs. Desheh and Leventhal, who serve as our class A and class B external
directors, respectively, was ratified by our shareholders in February
2013. As a result of an amendment to our amended articles that was adopted by a
supermajority constituting 75% of the total voting power of our company at our
2013 annual general meeting of shareholders, our board now also includes one
unclassified director. Ms. Ziva Patir, who currently serves as our unclassified
director, was elected by our shareholders in 2013 for a one-year term by a vote
of the holders of a majority of the voting power represented at that meeting.
Our unclassified director will be subject to election by our shareholders once
again at our annual general meeting of shareholders in 2014. Unless our 2014 annual general meeting of shareholders is held after
expiration of the initial two-year term for our board, we will hold a special
general meeting within 60 days after expiration of the initial term for the
purpose of electing directors. Our board of directors, acting by a majority vote
that must include the vote of two class A directors and two class B directors,
will nominate between seven and 11 persons to stand for election at that
meeting. Those nominees will exclude our external directors, who will continue
to serve on the board for the remainder of their initial three-year term under
the Companies Law, from the date of the ratification of their election by our
shareholders in February 2013, to February 2016. Thereafter, directors of our company, other than external directors, will
be elected each year at our annual general meeting of shareholders by a vote of
the holders of a majority of the voting power represented at the meeting. For
more information, please see “Election of Directors” in Item 10.B (“Memorandum
and Articles of Association”) below. Our articles provide that during the initial two-year term following the
merger, if the office of a class A director or class B director is vacated, such
office may only be filled by the remaining class A or class B directors,
respectively (subject, in the case of external directors, to the requirements of
the Companies Law). Following the initial two-year term, our board of directors
may appoint directors to fill vacancies on the board, for a term of office equal
to the remaining period of the term of office of the director(s) whose office(s)
have been vacated. Following their initial three-year term, our external
directors may be elected for up to two additional three-year terms under the
circumstances described below and potentially for additional incremental
three-year terms if additional requirements are met. External directors may be
removed from office only under the limited circumstances set forth in the
Companies Law. See “—External Directors” in this Item 6.C below. In accordance with the exemption available to foreign private issuers
under the NASDAQ Listing Rules, we do not follow the requirements of the NASDAQ
rules with regard to the process of nominating directors. Instead, we follow
Israeli law and practice, in accordance with which, following the initial
two-year term, our board of directors (or a committee thereof) is authorized to
recommend to our shareholders director nominees for election. Under the
Companies Law and our amended articles, nominations for directors may also be
made by any shareholder holding at least one percent (1%) of our outstanding
voting power. However, any such shareholder may make such a nomination only if a
written notice of such shareholder’s intent to make such nomination has been
delivered to our registered Israeli office by January 31 of the calendar year in
which the upcoming annual general meeting will be convened. In addition to its role in making director nominations, under the
Companies Law, our board of directors must determine the minimum number of
directors who are required to have accounting and financial expertise. Under
applicable regulations, a director with accounting and financial expertise is a
director who, by reason of his or her education,
professional experience and skill, has a high level of proficiency in and
understanding of business accounting matters and financial statements. See
“—External Directors” in this Item 6.C below. He or she must be able to
thoroughly comprehend the financial statements of the company and initiate
debate regarding the manner in which financial information is presented. In
determining the number of directors required to have such expertise, our board
of directors must consider, among other things, the type and size of our company
and the scope and complexity of its operations. Our board of directors has
determined that our company requires one director with such
expertise. 81 External
Directors Under the
Companies Law, the boards of directors of companies whose shares are publicly
traded, including companies with shares listed on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market, are required to include at least two members who qualify as external
directors. Eyal Desheh and Victor Leventhal serve as our initial external
directors. The Companies Law provides that external directors must be elected by a
majority vote of the shares present and voting at a shareholders meeting,
provided that either: the majority voted in
 favor of election includes a majority of the shares held by non-controlling
 shareholders who do not have a personal interest in the election of the
 external director (other than a personal interest not deriving from a
 relationship with a controlling shareholder) that are voted at the meeting,
 excluding abstentions, which we refer to as a disinterested majority;
 or the total number of shares held by
 non-controlling, disinterested shareholders (as described in the previous
 bullet-point) voted against the election of the director does not exceed two
 percent (2%) of the aggregate voting rights in the company. The term “controlling shareholder” is defined in the Companies Law as a
shareholder with the ability to direct the activities of the company, other than
by virtue of being an office holder. A shareholder is presumed to be a
controlling shareholder if the shareholder holds 50% or more of the voting
rights in a company or has the right to appoint the majority of the directors of
the company or its general manager. After an initial term of three years, external directors may be reelected
to serve in that capacity for up to two additional three-year terms, provided
that either (i) his or her service for each such additional term is recommended
by one or more shareholders holding at least one percent (1%) of the company’s
voting rights and is approved at a shareholders meeting by a disinterested
majority, where the total number of shares held by non-controlling,
disinterested shareholders voting for such reelection exceeds two percent (2%)
of the aggregate voting rights in the company; or (ii) his or her service for
each such additional term is recommended by the board of directors and is
approved at a shareholders meeting by the same disinterested majority required
for the initial election of an external director (as described above). The term
of office for external directors for Israeli companies traded on certain foreign
stock exchanges, including the NASDAQ Global Select Market, may be extended
indefinitely in increments of additional three-year terms, in each case provided
that the audit committee and the board of directors of the company confirm that,
in light of the external director’s expertise and special contribution to the
work of the board of directors and its committees, the reelection for such
additional period(s) is beneficial to the company, and provided that the
external director is reelected subject to the same shareholder vote requirements
as if elected for the first time (as described above). Prior to the approval of
the reelection of the external director at a general shareholders’ meeting, the
company’s shareholders must be informed of the term previously served by him or
her and of the reasons why the board of directors and audit committee
recommended the extension of his or her term. 82 If an external
directorship becomes vacant and there are fewer than two external directors on
the board of directors at the time, then the board of directors is required
under the Companies Law to call a shareholders’ meeting immediately to appoint a
replacement external director. Each committee of the board of directors that exercises the powers of the
board of directors must include at least one external director, except that the
audit committee and compensation committee must include all external directors
then serving on the board of directors. Under the Companies Law, external
directors of a company are prohibited from receiving, directly or indirectly,
any compensation from the company other than for their services as external
directors pursuant to applicable regulations. Compensation of an external
director is determined prior to his or her appointment and may not be changed
during his or her term subject to certain exceptions. The Companies Law provides that a person is not qualified to serve as an
external director if (i) the person is a relative of the controlling shareholder
of the company, or (ii) if that person or his or her relative, partner,
employer, another person to whom he or she was directly or indirectly subject,
or any entity under the person’s control, has or had, during the two years
preceding the date of appointment as an external director: (a) any affiliation
or other prohibited relationship with the company or, with any person or entity
controlling the company of a relative of such person, with any entity controlled
by or under common control with the company; or (b) in the case of a company
with no controlling shareholder, any affiliation or other prohibited
relationship with a person serving as chairman of the board, chief executive
officer, a substantial shareholder or the most senior office holder in the
company’s finance department. The term “relative” is defined as a
spouse, sibling, parent, grandparent or descendant; spouse’s sibling, parent or
descendant; and the spouse of each of the foregoing persons. The term
affiliation and the similar types of prohibited relationships include (subject
to certain exemptions): an employment relationship; a business or professional relationship even
 if not maintained on a regular basis (excluding insignificant
 relationships); control; and service as an office holder, excluding service as
 a director in a private company prior to the first offering of its shares to
 the public if such director was appointed as a director of the private company
 in order to serve as an external director following the public
 offering. The term “office holder” is defined under the Companies Law as a
director, general manager, chief business manager, deputy general manager, vice
general manager, other manager directly subordinate to the general manager or
any other person assuming the responsibilities of any of these positions,
regardless of that person’s title. In addition, no person may serve as an external director if that person’s
position or professional or other activities create, or may create, a conflict
of interest with that person’s responsibilities as a director or otherwise
interfere with that person’s ability to serve as an external director or if the
person is an employee of the Israel Securities Authority or of an Israeli stock
exchange. A person may furthermore not continue to serve as an external director
if he or she received direct or indirect compensation from the company for his
or her role as a director. This prohibition does not apply to compensation paid
or given in accordance with Companies Law regulations or amounts paid pursuant
to indemnification and/or exculpation contracts or commitments and insurance
coverage. Following the termination of an external director’s service on a board
of directors, such former external director and his or her spouse and children
may not be provided a direct or indirect benefit by the company, its controlling
shareholder or any entity under its controlling shareholder’s control. This
includes engagement as an executive officer or director of the company or a
company controlled by its controlling shareholder or employment by, or provision
of services to, any such company for consideration, either directly or
indirectly, including through a corporation controlled by the former external
director. This restriction extends for a period of two years with regard to the
former external director and his or her spouse or child and for one year with
respect to other relatives of the former external director. 83 If at the time at
which an external director is appointed all members of the board of directors
not otherwise affiliated with the company are of the same gender, the external
director must be of the other gender. A director of one company may not be
appointed as an external director of another company if a director of the other
company is acting as an external director of the first company at such
time. According to regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, a person
may be appointed as an external director only if he or she has professional
qualifications or if he or she has accounting and financial expertise (each, as
defined below). In addition, at least one of the external directors must be
determined by our board of directors to have accounting and financial expertise.
However, if at least one of our other directors (i) meets the independence
requirements under the Exchange Act, (ii) meets the standards of the NASDAQ
Listing Rules for membership on the audit committee and (iii) has accounting and
financial expertise as defined under Israeli law, then neither of our external
directors is required to possess accounting and financial expertise as long as
both possess other requisite professional qualifications. A director with accounting and financial expertise is a director who, due
to his or her education, experience and skills, possesses an expertise in, and
an understanding of, financial and accounting matters and financial statements,
in such a manner which allows him or her to understand the financial statements
of the company and initiate a discussion about the presentation of financial
data. A director is deemed to have professional qualifications if he or she has
any of (i) an academic degree in economics, business management, accounting, law
or public service, (ii) an academic or other degree or has completed other
higher education, all in the field of business of the company or relevant for
his/her position, or (iii) at least five years of experience as either a senior
managing officer in the company’s line of business with a significant volume of
business, a public office or a senior position in the company’s main line of
business. Our board of directors has determined that
Eyal Desheh has accounting and financial expertise and Victor Leventhal
possesses professional qualifications as required under the Companies
Law. Board Committees Audit Committee Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must
appoint an audit committee. The audit committee must consist of at least three
directors, including all of the external directors, one of whom must serve as
chairman of the committee. The audit committee may not include the chairman of
the board, or any director employed by or otherwise providing services to the
company or to a controlling shareholder or any entity controlled by a
controlling shareholder. Under the Companies Law, the audit committee of a publicly traded company
must consist of a majority of unaffiliated directors. An “unaffiliated director”
is defined as either an external director or as a director who meets the
following criteria: he or she meets the qualifications for being
 appointed as an external director, except for (i) the requirement that the
 director be an Israeli resident (which does not apply to companies such as
 ours whose securities have been offered outside of Israel or are listed
 outside of Israel) and (ii) the requirement for accounting and financial
 expertise or professional qualifications; and he or she has not served as a director of the
 company for a period exceeding nine consecutive years. For this purpose, a
 break of less than two years in the service shall not be deemed to interrupt
 the continuation of the service. The members of our audit committee consist of Edward J. Fierko, along
with our two external directors, Messrs. Desheh (who serves as chairman of the audit committee) and Leventhal. Our board of
directors has determined that each of Messrs. Fierko, Desheh and Leventhal meets
the independence requirements set forth in the Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock
Market and in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as well as the independence
criteria under the Companies Law. 84 Our board of directors has
determined that Mr. Desheh qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as
defined under Item 16A of the SEC’s Form 20-F, and has the requisite financial
sophistication set forth in the NASDAQ rules and regulations. Our board of directors has adopted
an audit committee charter that sets forth the responsibilities of the audit
committee consistent with the rules of the SEC and the Listing Rules of the
NASDAQ Stock Market, as well as the requirements for such committee under the
Companies Law, including the following: oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm and
 recommending the engagement, compensation or termination of engagement of our
 independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors in
 accordance with Israeli law; recommending the engagement or termination of the person filling the
 office of our internal auditor; and recommending the terms of audit and non-audit services provided by the
 independent registered public accounting firm for pre-approval by our board of
 directors. Our audit committee provides
assistance to our board of directors in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary
obligations in matters involving our accounting, auditing, financial reporting,
internal control and legal compliance functions by pre-approving the services
performed by our independent accountants and reviewing their reports regarding
our accounting practices and systems of internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit committee also oversees the audit efforts of our
independent accountants and takes those actions that it deems necessary to
satisfy itself that the accountants are independent of management. Under the Companies Law, our audit
committee is responsible for (i) determining whether there are deficiencies in
the business management practices of our company, including in consultation with
our internal auditor or the independent auditor, and making recommendations to
the board of directors to improve such practices, (ii) determining whether to
approve certain related party transactions (including transactions in which an
office holder has a personal interest and whether such transaction is
extraordinary) (see “—Approval of related party transactions under Israeli Law”
below in this Item 6.C), (iii) determining standards and policies for
determining whether a transaction with a controlling shareholder or a
transaction in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest is deemed
insignificant or not and the approval requirements (including, potentially, the
approval of the audit committee) for transactions that are not insignificant
including the types of transactions that are not insignificant, (iv) where the
board of directors approves the working plan of the internal auditor, to examine
such working plan before its submission to the board and propose amendments
thereto, (v) examining our internal controls and internal auditor’s performance,
including whether the internal auditor has sufficient resources and tools to
dispose of its responsibilities, (vi) examining the scope of our auditor’s work
and compensation and submitting a recommendation with respect thereto to our
board of directors or shareholders, depending on which of them is considering
the appointment of our auditor and (vii) establishing procedures for the
handling of employees’ complaints as to the management of our business and the
protection to be provided to such employees. Our audit committee may not approve
an action or a related party transaction, or take any other action required
under the Companies Law, unless at the time of approval a majority of the
committee’s members are present, which majority consists of unaffiliated
directors including at least one external director. Executive Committee Upon the closing of the merger, our
board of directors appointed an executive committee. The role of this committee
is to oversee the integration of our constituent companies, and to assist in the
implementation of the business strategy of our company, subject to board
approval for matters outside of the ordinary course of business (as is required
under the Companies Law). The representation of each of our constituent
companies on the executive committee is equal. Messrs. Elchanan Jaglom, who
serves as chairman of the executive committee, and Mr. Eyal Desheh, who along
with Mr. Jaglom was nominated by Objet to serve on the committee, serve
alongside Messrs. Scott Crump and John McEleney, who were Stratasys, Inc.
directors before the merger. Mr. David Reis, by virtue of his role as our Chief
Executive Officer, serves in an observer capacity on the committee. 85 Compensation Policy and
Committee Under a December 2012 amendment to
the Companies Law, we have appointed a compensation committee and established a
policy regarding the terms of engagement of office holders, or a compensation
policy. Such compensation policy was set by our board, after considering the
recommendations of our newly-appointed compensation committee, and was approved
by our shareholders in September 2013. The compensation policy serves as
the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or
engagement of our office holders, including exculpation, insurance,
indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of
employment or engagement. The compensation policy also relates to certain
factors, including advancement of our objectives, our business and our long-term
strategy, and creation of appropriate incentives for executives. It also
considers, among other things, our risk management, size and the nature of our
operations. The compensation policy furthermore considers the following
additional factors: the knowledge, skills, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant
 director or executive; the director’s or executive’s roles and responsibilities and prior
 compensation agreements with him or her; the relationship between the terms offered and the average compensation of
 the other employees of our company, including those (if any) employed through
 manpower companies; the impact of disparities in salary upon work relationships in our
 company; the possibility of reducing variable compensation at the discretion of the
 board of directors; and the possibility of setting a limit on the exercise
 value of non-cash variable compensation; and as to severance compensation, the period of service of the director or
 executive, the terms of his or her compensation during such service period,
 our company’s performance during that period of service, the person’s
 contribution towards our company’s achievement of its goals and the
 maximization of its profits, and the circumstances under which the person is
 leaving our company. The compensation policy also
includes the following principles: the link between variable compensation and long-term performance and
 measurable criteria; the relationship between variable and fixed compensation, and the ceiling
 for the value of variable compensation; the conditions under which a director or executive would be required to
 repay compensation paid to him or her if it was later shown that the data upon
 which such compensation was based was inaccurate and was required to be
 restated in our financial statements; and the minimum holding or vesting period for variable, equity-based
 compensation. The compensation policy must also
consider appropriate incentives from a long-term perspective and maximum limits
for severance compensation. Under the amendment, our
compensation committee is responsible for recommending the compensation policy
to our board of directors for its approval (and subsequent approval by our
shareholders) and is charged with duties related to the compensation policy and
to the compensation of our office holders as well as functions related to
approval of the terms of engagement of office holders, including: recommending whether our compensation policy should continue in effect, if
 the then-current policy has a term of greater than three (3) years (approval
 of either a new compensation policy or the continuation of an existing
 compensation policy must in any case occur every three years); recommending to our board periodic updates to the compensation policy; assessing implementation of the compensation policy; and determining whether the compensation terms of the chief executive officer
 of our company need not be brought to approval of the shareholders (under
 special circumstances). The compensation committee must
consist of at least three (3) members, including all of our external directors.
Each remaining compensation committee member must be a director whose
compensation does not exceed an amount that may be paid to an external director.
The compensation committee is subject to the same Companies Law restrictions as
the audit committee as to (a) committee membership and (b) who may not be
present during committee deliberations (as described under “—Approval of Related
Party Transactions Under Israeli Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors and
Executive Officers—Disclosure of Personal Interests of an Office Holder”
below). 86 The NASDAQ Listing Rules also
require that the compensation of the chief executive officer and all other
executive officers of our company be determined, or be recommended to the board
for determination, either by a majority of the independent directors, or by a
compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors. We have opted
to follow home country practice (in keeping with the Companies Law requirements
described above) for our compensation committee in lieu of these NASDAQ
requirements, given that the two sets of requirements are not identical. See
Item 16.G of this annual report (“Corporate Governance”) below. We appointed our compensation
committee in mid-2013. The committee consists of Victor Leventhal, as chairman,
Eyal Desheh and Ziv Patir. After the compensation committee recommended approval
of our compensation policy, our board of directors approved it in August 2013
and our shareholders approved it on September 12, 2013. Nominating committee Our board of directors does not
currently have a nominating committee, as director nominations are made in
accordance with the terms of our articles, as described in “—Board of Directors”
above. We rely upon the exemption available to foreign private issuers under the
Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market from the NASDAQ listing requirements
related to independent director oversight of nominations to our board of
directors and the adoption of a formal written charter or board resolution
addressing the nominations process. Also see Item 16.G “Corporate Governance”
below. Internal Auditor Under the Companies Law, the board
of directors of an Israeli public company must appoint an internal auditor
recommended by the audit committee and nominated by the board of directors. An
internal auditor may not be: a person (or a relative of a person) who holds more than 5% of the
 company’s outstanding shares or voting rights; a person (or a relative of a person) who has the power to appoint a
 director or the general manager of the company; an office holder (including a director) of the company (or a relative
 thereof); or a member of the company’s independent accounting firm, or anyone on his or
 her behalf. The role of the internal auditor is
to examine, among other things, our compliance with applicable law and orderly
business procedures. Moshe Cohen of Chaikin Cohen Rubin & Co. serves as our
internal auditor since his appointment effective upon the Stratasys-Objet
merger. Approval of Related Party Transactions
Under Israeli Law Fiduciary Duties of Directors and
Executive Officers The Companies Law codifies the
fiduciary duties that office holders owe to a company. Each person listed in the
table under Item 6.A “Directors and Senior Management” is an office holder under
the Companies Law. An office holder’s fiduciary duties
consist of a duty of care and a duty of loyalty. The duty of care requires an
office holder to act with the level of care with which a reasonable office
holder in the same position would have acted under the same circumstances. The
duty of loyalty requires that an office holder act in good faith and in the best
interests of the company. The duty of care includes a duty to use reasonable
means to obtain: information on the advisability of a given action brought for his or her
 approval or performed by virtue of his or her position; and all other important information pertaining to these actions. 87 The duty of loyalty requires an
office holder to act in good faith and for the benefit of the company, and
includes a duty to: refrain from any conflict of interest between the performance of his or
 her duties to the company and his or her other duties or personal affairs; refrain from any activity that is competitive with the company; refrain from exploiting any business opportunity of the company to receive
 a personal gain for himself or herself or others; and disclose to the company any information or documents relating to the
 company’s affairs which the office holder received as a result of his or her
 position as an office holder. Disclosure of Personal Interests of an
Office Holder The Companies Law requires that an
office holder promptly disclose to the board of directors any personal interest
that he or she may have and all related material information known to him or her
and any documents concerning any existing or proposed transaction with the
company. An interested office holder’s disclosure must be made promptly and in
any event no later than the first meeting of the board of directors at which the
transaction is considered. A “personal interest” includes an interest of any
person in an act or transaction of a company, including a personal interest of
one’s relative or of a corporate body in which such person or a relative of such
person is a 5% or greater shareholder, director or general manager or in which
he or she has the right to appoint at least one director or the general manager,
but excluding a personal interest stemming from one’s ownership of shares in the
company. A personal interest furthermore includes the personal interest of a
person for whom the office holder holds a voting proxy or the interest of the
office holder with respect to his or her vote on behalf of the shareholder for
whom he or she holds a proxy even if such shareholder itself has no personal
interest in the approval of the matter. An office holder is not, however,
obliged to disclose a personal interest if it derives solely from the personal
interest of his or her relative in a transaction that is not considered an
extraordinary transaction. Under the Companies Law, an “extraordinary
transaction” is defined as any of the following: a transaction other than in the ordinary course of business; a transaction that is not on market terms; or a transaction that may have a material impact on a company’s
 profitability, assets or liabilities. If it is determined that an office
holder has a personal interest in a transaction, approval by the board of
directors is required for the transaction, unless the company’s articles of
association provide for a different method of approval. Further, so long as an
office holder has disclosed his or her personal interest in a transaction, the
board of directors may approve an action by the office holder that would
otherwise be deemed a breach of duty of loyalty. However, a company may not
approve a transaction or action that is adverse to the company’s interest or
that is not performed by the office holder in good faith. Approval first by the
company’s audit committee and subsequently by the board of directors is required
for an extraordinary transaction with an office holder. Compensation of, or an
undertaking to indemnify or insure, an office holder, requires approval by the
compensation committee, the board of directors and, in certain cases (for
directors, the chief executive officer, and any executive officer whose
compensation terms do not conform to the then-existing compensation policy) the
shareholders, in that order. Compensation of an individual office holder,
including the chief executive officer (but excluding a director), that does not
conform to the company’s compensation policy may be adopted under special
circumstances despite failure to obtain shareholder approval if, following the
relevant shareholder vote, the compensation committee followed by the board once
again approves the compensation, based on renewed and specific analysis of
relevant factors. Generally, a person who has a
personal interest in a matter which is considered at a meeting of the board of
directors, the audit committee or compensation committee may not be present at
such a meeting or vote on that matter unless a majority of the board, audit
committee or compensation committee (as appropriate) has a personal interest in
the matter, or unless the chairman of the board, audit committee or compensation
committee (as appropriate) determines that he or she should be present in order
to present the transaction that is subject to approval. If a majority of the
members of the board, audit committee or compensation committee has a personal
interest in the approval of a transaction, then all directors may participate in
discussions of the board of directors, audit committee or compensation committee
on such transaction and the voting on approval thereof, but shareholder approval
is also required for such transaction. 88 Disclosure of Personal Interests of
Controlling Shareholders Pursuant to Israeli law, the
disclosure requirements regarding personal interests that apply to directors and
executive officers also apply to a controlling shareholder of a public company.
In the context of a transaction involving a shareholder of the company, a
controlling shareholder also includes any shareholder who holds 25% or more of
the voting rights if no other shareholder holds more than 50% of the voting
rights. Two or more shareholders with a personal interest in the approval of the
same transaction are deemed to be a single shareholder and may be deemed a
controlling shareholder for the purpose of approving such transaction.
Extraordinary transactions with a controlling shareholder or in which a
controlling shareholder has a personal interest, or a transaction with a
controlling shareholder or his or her relative, directly or indirectly, require
the approval of the audit committee, the board of directors and the shareholders
of the company, in that order. In addition, the shareholder approval must
fulfill one of the following requirements: a disinterested majority; or the votes of shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction
 and who are present and voting, in person, by proxy or by voting deed at the
 meeting, and who vote against the transaction may not represent more than two
 percent (2%) of the voting rights of the company. To the extent that any such
transaction with a controlling shareholder is for a period extending beyond
three years, approval is required once every three years, unless the audit
committee determines that the duration of the transaction is reasonable given
the circumstances related thereto. The engagement of a controlling
shareholder as an office holder or employee requires the same approvals as are
described immediately above, except that the approval of the compensation
committee, rather than the audit committee, is required. Shareholder Duties Pursuant to the Companies Law, a
shareholder has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner toward the
company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing his or her power in
the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting of
shareholders and at class shareholder meetings with respect to the following
matters: an amendment to the company’s articles of association; an increase of the company’s authorized share capital; a merger; or the approval of interested party transactions and acts of office holders
 that require shareholder approval. In addition, a shareholder also has
a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other
shareholders. In addition, certain shareholders
have a duty of fairness toward the company. These shareholders include any
controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows that it has the power to
determine the outcome of a shareholder vote or a shareholder class vote and any
shareholder who has the power to appoint or to prevent the appointment of an
office holder of the company or other power towards the company. The Companies
Law does not define the substance of this duty of fairness, except to state that
the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also apply in
the event of a breach of the duty to act with fairness. 89 Exculpation, Insurance and
Indemnification of Directors and Officers Under the Companies Law, a company
may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of the duty of
loyalty. An Israeli company may exculpate an office holder in advance from
liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company
as a result of a breach of duty of care but only if a provision authorizing such
exculpation is inserted in its articles of association. Our amended articles
include such a provision. The company may not exculpate in advance a director
from liability arising out of a prohibited dividend or distribution to
shareholders. Under the Companies Law, a company
may indemnify an office holder in respect of the following liabilities and
expenses incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder, either
in advance of an event or following an event, provided its articles of
association include a provision authorizing such indemnification: financial liability incurred by or imposed on him or her in favor of
 another person pursuant to a judgment, including a settlement or arbitrator’s
 award approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office
 holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance, then such an
 undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of the board of
 directors, can be foreseen based on the company’s activities when the
 undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria
 determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances,
 and such undertaking shall detail the abovementioned foreseen events and
 amount or criteria; reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the
 office holder as a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against
 him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or
 proceeding, provided that (i) no indictment was filed against such office
 holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (ii) no financial
 liability was imposed upon him or her as a substitute for the criminal
 proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such
 financial liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense
 that does not require proof of criminal intent; and reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the
 office holder or imposed by a court in proceedings instituted against him or
 her by the company, on its behalf, or by a third party, or in connection with
 criminal proceedings in which the office holder was acquitted, or as a result
 of a conviction for an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent. Under the Companies Law, a company
may insure an office holder against the following liabilities incurred for acts
performed by him or her as an office holder if and to the extent provided in the
company’s articles of association: a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, provided that the office
 holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act
 would not harm the company; a breach of duty of care to the company or to a third party, to the extent
 such a breach arises out of the negligent conduct of the office holder;
 and a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third
 party. Under the Companies Law, a company
may not indemnify, exculpate or insure an office holder against any of the
following: a breach of fiduciary duty, except for indemnification and insurance for a
 breach of the duty of loyalty to the company to the extent that the office
 holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act
 would not prejudice the company; a breach of duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding
 a breach arising out of the negligent conduct of the office holder; an act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal
 benefit; or a fine or forfeit levied against the office holder. 90 Under the Companies Law,
exculpation, indemnification and insurance of office holders must be approved by
our compensation committee and our board of directors and, with respect to
directors or controlling shareholders, their relatives and third parties in
which such controlling shareholders have a personal interest, also by the
shareholders. See “—Approval of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli
Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers” above in this Item
6.C. Our amended articles permit us to
exculpate, indemnify and insure our office holders to the fullest extent
permitted or to be permitted by the Companies Law. We have obtained directors and
officers liability insurance for the benefit of our office holders and intend to
continue to maintain such coverage and pay all premiums thereunder to the
fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. In addition, effective as of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, we have entered into agreements with each of our office
holders undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by Israeli
law. Furthermore, until the sixth anniversary of the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, we are covering the directors and officers of Stratasys,
Inc. and its subsidiaries with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to
the effective time of the merger. The limits, terms and conditions of this
coverage are at least as favorable as the limits, terms and conditions in the
policy that Stratasys, Inc. maintained up to the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger. Directors’ Service
Contracts For a description of service
contracts that we have entered into with our directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment or other service, please see Item 7.B, “Related
Party Transactions— Employment and Consulting Agreements with Directors and
Executive Officers” below. 91 D. Employees The number of our full-time
equivalent employees, and the distribution of employees (i) geographically and
(ii) within the divisions of the company, in each case as of December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011 are set forth in the two tables below. The number of employees
that is provided as of December 31, 2011 reflects just the number of employees
of Stratasys, Inc. and its subsidiaries (and excludes employees of Objet and its
subsidiaries as of that date). Number of full-time equivalent employees
by region as of December 31,
Region | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
North America | 1,155 | 645 | 63
Europe & Middle East | 507 | 412 | 330
Asia Pacific | 145 | 83 | 32
Latin America | 12 | 15 | 13
Total | 1,819 | 1,155 | 438
Number of full-time equivalent employees
by function as of December 31,
Division | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Operations and support | 541 | 369 | 99
Research and development | 267 | 228 | 96
Customer service | 216 | 161 | 89
Sales and marketing | 515 | 249 | 89
General and administrative | 280 | 148 | 65
Total | 1,819 | 1,155 | 438 During the years covered by the
above tables, we did not employ a significant number of temporary
employees. The large increase in the size of
our workforce in 2012 was primarily due to the Stratasys-Objet merger, as a
result of which we gained a significant number of employees of what was formerly
Objet in various regions worldwide. While none of our employees is party
to a collective bargaining agreement, certain provisions of the collective
bargaining agreements between the Histadrut (General Federation of Labor in
Israel) and the Coordination Bureau of Economic Organizations (including the
Industrialists’ Associations) are applicable to our employees in Israel by order
of the Israel Ministry of Labor. These provisions primarily concern the length
of the workday, minimum daily wages for professional workers, pension fund
benefits for all employees, insurance for work-related accidents, procedures for
dismissing employees, determination of severance pay and other conditions of
employment. We generally provide our employees with benefits and working
conditions beyond the required minimums. We have never experienced any
employment-related work stoppages. We believe that our relationship with our
employees is good. The employees of our subsidiaries
are subject to local labor laws and regulations that vary from country to
country. 92 E. Share Ownership. The following table lists, as of
February 1, 2014, the number of our ordinary shares owned, and stock options
held, by each of our directors and members of our senior management: Name | Shares of Stratasys (1) | Stratasys stock options (3)
Number of | Percent of | Number held (4) | Exercise | Expiration
shares | outstanding | Not | price | date
beneficially | shares | Exercisable | exercisable | per share
owned (2) | beneficially | within 60 days | within 60 days
owned (2)
S. Scott Crump Chairman of the Board | 340,924 (5) | * | 14,000 | - | $9.90 | June 3, 2015
16,000 | - | $18.26 | February 12, 2016
18,000 | - | $25.50 | August 29, 2017
3,600 | 14,400 | $46.87 | June 18, 2018
- | 100,000 | $82.15 | June 21, 2023
Elchanan Jaglom Chairman of Executive Committee | See table in Item
7.A “major
Shareholders”
below
David Reis Chief Executive Officer and Director | 347,498 | * | 230,654 | - | $6.52 | December 31, 2017
51,782 | - | $2.21 | December 31, 2017
Edward J. Fierko Director | 106,000 | * | 8,400 | - | $9.90 | June 3, 2015
16,000 | - | $18.26 | February 12, 2016
18,000 | - | $25.50 | August 29, 2017
3,600 | 14,400 | $46.87 | June 18, 2018
- | 22,000 | $82.15 | June 21, 2023
Ilan Levin | 135,270 | * | 78,488 | 21,574 | $7.82 | December 31, 2017
Director | 56,782 | - | $2.21 | December 31, 2017
John J. McEleney | - | 0% | - | 14,400 | $46.87 | June 18, 2018
Director | - | 22,000 | $82.15 | June 21, 2023
Clifford H. Schwieter | 862 | * | - | 14,400 | $46.87 | June 18, 2018
Director | - | 22,000 | $82.15 | June 21, 2023
Ziva Patir | - | 0% | - | 29,582 | $82.15 | June 21, 2023
Director
Eyal Desheh | 7,551 | * | 7,551 | 9,708 | $7.82 | December 1, 2022
Director
Victor Leventhal | 2,367 | * | 2,367 | 22,812 | $74.95 | December 1, 2022
Director
Erez Simha | * | * | * | * | * | *
Chief Financial Officer (6) 93 ____________________ * | Constitutes less than 1% of our outstanding shares.
(1) | All of our shares (including shares held by directors and members of senior management) have identical voting rights.
(2) | In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, number of shares and the percentages shown for individual persons or groups include any ordinary shares underlying stock options held by such person or group that were exercisable within 60 days of February 1, 2014 and that are also reflected in the column titled “Stratasys stock options — Number held — Exercisable within 60 days.” Further in keeping with such Rule 13d-3, computation of percentage ownership is based upon 49,258,924 ordinary shares outstanding at February 1, 2014, plus such number of ordinary shares as such person or group (but not any other person or group) had the right to receive upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days thereof.
(3) | For a description of Stratasys’ stock option plans, please see “Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans” in this Item below. All options granted under such plans have been granted without payment of any cash consideration therefor by the grantees thereof.
(4) | Each stock option is exercisable for one ordinary share.
(5) | Includes 196,294 ordinary shares owned of record by Mr. Crump’s wife.
(6) | Because Mr. Simha beneficially owns less than 1% of our outstanding ordinary shares and his beneficial ownership has not previously been disclosed to our shareholders or otherwise made public, it is being omitted from this annual report pursuant to an allowance provided by the SEC’s Form 20-F. Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans The following sets forth certain
information with respect to our current stock option and share incentive plans.
The following description is only a summary of the plans and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the plans, which are exhibits to this
annual report. Upon the expiration of our stock
option and share incentive plans, no further grants may be made thereunder,
although any existing awards will continue in full force in accordance with the
terms under which they were granted. Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Stock
Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan Our Amended and Restated 2004
Omnibus Stock Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2004 Plan,
which was adopted by our board of directors on August 15, 2004 and amended and
restated by the board of directors on July 9, 2007 and again on May 30, 2011,
provides for the grant of options, restricted shares or other share-based awards
to our and our subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees, officers, office
holders, subcontractors and consultants. Awards under the 2004 Plan may be
granted until August 15, 2014, ten years from the date on which the 2004 Plan
was originally adopted by the board of directors. Our 2004 Plan is administered by our
board of directors, which shall determine, subject to Israeli law, the grantees
of awards and various terms of the grant. The 2004 Plan provides for granting
options in compliance with Section 102 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 1961, to
which we refer as the Tax Ordinance. Options granted under the 2004 Plan
to Israeli employees have been granted under the capital gains track of Section
102 of the Tax Ordinance. In order to comply with the terms of the capital gains
track, all options that have been granted under the 2004 Plan (grants were not
made until the 2006 fiscal year) pursuant and subject to the provisions of
Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance, as well as the shares issued upon exercise of
these options and other shares received subsequently following any realization
of rights with respect to such options, such as a result of a share dividend or
share split, are granted to a trustee for the benefit of the relevant employee,
director or officer and are held by the trustee for at least two years after the
date of grant. 94 Unless otherwise provided by our
board of directors, options granted under the 2004 Plan vest over a four-year
period that commences on the date of grant such that 25% vest after one year and
an additional 6.25% vest at the end of each subsequent three-month period over
the following 36 months. Unless a shorter term is set by our board with respect
to a specific award, options, other than certain incentive share options, expire
10 years from the grant date. Incentive share options granted to a person
holding more than 10% of our voting power expire within five years from the date
of the grant. All options that have been granted to date under the 2004 Plan
expire on December 31, 2017. If we terminate a grantee’s
employment or service for cause, all of the grantee’s vested and unvested
options expire on the date of termination. If a grantee’s employment or service
terminates due to death, disability, or retirement, the grantee’s vested options
may be exercised by him or her, or by his or her estate (as the case may be),
for one year, following the death or disability, or three months following
retirement. If a grantee’s service or other relationship to our company
terminates for any other reason, the grantee may exercise his or her vested
options until the 90th day after the date of such termination (or such different
period as our board shall prescribe). In addition to the shares reserved under
the 2004 Plan, any options granted under the 2004 Plan that are terminated or
forfeited for any reason without having been exercised, return to the pool under
the plan and enlarge the reserved shares under the plan. Shares subject to
options granted under the 2004 Plan that terminate or are forfeited for any
reason without having been exercised will be added to the pool of shares
available for awards under our 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2012
Plan, and enlarge the reserved shares thereunder. In the event of a merger or
consolidation of our company, or sale of all or substantially all of our shares
or assets, then without the consent of the option holder, the board may but is
not required to (i) use its best efforts to cause that any outstanding award
shall be assumed or an equivalent award shall be substituted by such successor
corporation or (ii) in case the successor corporation refuses to assume or
substitute the award (a) provide the grantee with the option to exercise the
award as to all or part of the shares or (b) cancel the option against payment
to the grantee in an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares as
reflected under the terms of such merger or sale minus the exercise price per
share for each such share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board may upon
such event amend or terminate the terms of any award, including conferring the
right to purchase any other security or asset that the board shall deem, in good
faith, as appropriate. We will not be making any further
awards under the 2004 Plan. A total of 775,000 ordinary shares are issuable upon exercise of options that are vested and currently exercisable under this plan. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Our 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan, which became effective at the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet
merger, provides for the grant of options, restricted shares, restricted share
units and other share-based awards to our and our subsidiaries’ respective
directors, employees, officers, consultants, and advisors and to any other
person whose services are considered valuable to our company or any of our
affiliates. Following the approval of the 2012 Plan by the Israeli tax
authorities, we will only grant options or other equity incentive awards under
the 2012 Plan, although previously-granted options and awards will continue to
be governed by the 2004 Plan. Under the 2012 Plan, there were 2,500,000 ordinary
shares originally reserved for issuance, none of which was granted prior to the
effectiveness of the merger. Upon the adoption of an amendment to the 2012 Plan
at our extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in February 2013, the
reserved pool under the plan consisted of 4,000,000 shares, which will be
automatically increased annually on January 1 (beginning on January 1, 2014) by
a number of ordinary shares equal to the lower of (i) 500,000 shares, subject to
adjustment due to certain changes as provided under the 2012 Plan, and (ii) a
number of shares determined by our board of directors, if so determined prior to
the January 1 on which the increase will occur. Pursuant to that provision, on
January 1, 2014, the pool of shares under the 2012 Plan was automatically
increased by 500,000 shares, to 4,500,000 shares total. 95 The 2012
Plan is administered by our board of directors or by a committee designated by
the board, which determines, subject to Israeli law, the grantees of awards and
the terms of the grant, including, exercise prices, vesting schedules,
acceleration of vesting and the other matters necessary in the administration of
the 2012 Plan. The 2012 Plan enables our company to issue awards under various
tax regimes including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 102 and 3(9) of
the Tax Ordinance and Section 422 of U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to
which we refer as the Code. Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance
allows employees, directors and officers who are not controlling shareholders
and are considered Israeli residents to receive favorable tax treatment for
compensation in the form of shares or options. Our Israeli non-employee service
providers and controlling shareholders may only be granted options under Section
3(9) of the Tax Ordinance, which does not provide for similar tax benefits.
Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance includes two alternatives for tax treatment
involving the issuance of options or shares to a trustee for the benefit of the
grantees and also includes an additional alternative for the issuance of options
or shares directly to the grantee. Section 102(b)(2) of the Tax Ordinance, the
most favorable tax treatment for grantees, permits the issuance to a trustee
under the “capital gains track.” However, under this track we will not be
allowed to deduct an expense with respect to the issuance of the options or
shares. Options granted under the 2012 Plan to U.S. residents may qualify as
“incentive stock options” within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. The
exercise price for “incentive stock options” must not be less than the fair
market value on the date on which an option is granted, or 110% of the fair
market value if the option holder holds more than 10% of our share
capital. Under the 2012 Plan, we are expected
to grant options to our employees, directors and officers who are not
controlling shareholders and are considered Israeli residents, under the capital
gains track. In order to comply with the terms of the capital gains track, all
options granted under the 2012 Plan pursuant and subject to the provisions of
Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance, as well as the ordinary shares to be issued
upon exercise of these options and other shares received subsequently following
any realization of rights with respect to such options, such as share dividends
and share splits, must be granted to a trustee for the benefit of the relevant
employee, director or officer and should be held by the trustee for at least two
years after the date of the grant. Awards under the 2012 Plan may be
granted until September 16, 2022, ten years from the date on which the 2012 Plan
was approved by our shareholders. Options granted under the 2012 Plan
generally vest over four years commencing on the date of grant such that 25%
vest after one year and an additional 6.25% vest at the end of each subsequent
three-month period thereafter for 36 months. Options, other than certain
incentive share options, that are not exercised within ten years from the grant
date expire, unless otherwise determined by the board or its designated
committee, as applicable. Incentive share options granted to a person holding
more than 10% of the combined company’s voting power expire within five years
from the date of the grant. In case of termination for reasons of death,
disability, or retirement, the grantee or his legal successor may exercise
options that have vested prior to termination within a period of one year from
the date of disability or death, or within three months following retirement. If
we terminate a grantee’s employment or service for cause, all of the grantee’s
vested and unvested options will expire on the date of termination. If a
grantee’s employment or service is terminated for any other reason, the grantee
may exercise his or her vested options within 90 days of the date of
termination. Any expired or unvested options return to the pool for
reissuance. In the event of a merger or
consolidation of our company, or a sale of all, or substantially all, of our
shares or assets or other transaction having a similar effect, then without the
consent of the option holder, the board or its designated committee, as
applicable, may but is not required to (i) cause any outstanding award to be
assumed or an equivalent award to be substituted by such successor corporation
or (ii) in case the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute the
award (a) provide the grantee with the option to exercise the award as to all or
part of the shares or (b) cancel the options against payment in cash in an
amount determined by the board or the committee as fair in the circumstances.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board or its designated committee may upon
such event amend or terminate the terms of any award, including conferring the
right to purchase any other security or asset that the board shall deem, in good
faith, appropriate. 96 Stratasys, Inc. Plans Pursuant to the Stratasys-Objet
merger agreement, upon the consummation of the Stratasys-Objet merger, each
option exercisable for one share of Stratasys, Inc. common stock converted into
an option to purchase one ordinary share of Stratasys Ltd. Furthermore, we
assumed the obligations of Stratasys, Inc. related to the issuance of shares
underlying those options under its then-existing option plans, consisting of the
Stratasys, Inc. 1998 Incentive Stock Option Plan, Stratasys, Inc. 2000 Incentive
Stock Option Plan, Stratasys, Inc. 2002 Long-Term Performance and Incentive
Plan, and Stratasys, Inc. 2008 Long-Term Performance and Incentive Plan, which
we refer to collectively as the Stratasys, Inc. plans. Each option so assumed
pursuant to the Stratasys-Objet merger agreement remains governed by the terms
and conditions of the relevant grant instrument as well as the Stratasys Inc.
plan under which it was granted (with appropriate changes to reflect Stratasys
Ltd. as the company whose shares are issuable upon exercise of the option). A
total of 239,000 ordinary shares are issuable upon exercise of options that
are vested and currently exercisable under the Stratasys, Inc. plans. The following table presents certain
option data information for the above-described stock option and share incentive
plans as at February 1 , 2014: Weighted
Total | Average
Ordinary | Aggregate | Aggregate | Exercise
Shares | Number of | Number of | Price of
Reserved for | Options | Shares Available | Options | Outstanding
Plan | Option Grants | Exercised | for Future Grants | Outstanding | Options
2004 Plan | - | - | None | 1,160,168 | $ | 9.27
2012 Plan | 4, 5 00,000 | 388,131 | 4,111,869 | 387,833 | $ | 84.67
Stratasys, Inc.
Plans | - | - | None | 459,432 | $ | 34.70
Totals | 4, 5 00,000 | 388,131 | 4,111,869 | 2,007,433 | $ | 29.66 On December 3, 2012, we filed a
registration statement on Form S-8 to register the issuance of ordinary shares
in respect of then-outstanding options to directors, officers, employees and
eligible consultants under the 2004 Plan and the Stratasys, Inc. plans. On
September 3, 2013, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the
issuance of ordinary shares underlying options granted or to be granted under
the 2012 Plan. 97 ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS. A.
Major Shareholders Ownership by Major
Shareholders The following table presents based on the most recent beneficial ownership reports filed with the SEC at or slightly after February 1, 2014 the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more
of our outstanding ordinary shares (to whom we refer as our major shareholders). The data presented is based on
information provided to us, or disclosed in public filings with the SEC, by the major shareholders. Beneficial ownership of shares is
determined under rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares for which a
person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or for which a
person has or shares the right to receive the economic benefit of ownership of
the shares. The table below includes the number of shares underlying options
that are exercisable within 60 days after February 1, 2014. Shares issuable
upon the exercise of such options are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the ownership percentage of the person or group holding such
options, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the
ownership percentage of any other person or group. The percentage of outstanding
ordinary shares is based on 49,258,924 ordinary shares outstanding as of
February 1, 2014. Except where otherwise indicated, and
except pursuant to community property laws, we believe, based on information
furnished by such owners, that the beneficial owners of the shares listed below
have sole investment and voting power with respect to, and the sole right to
receive the economic benefit of ownership of, such shares. The shareholders
listed below do not have any different voting rights from any of our other
shareholders. We know of no arrangements that would, at a subsequent date,
result in a change of control of our company. Options | Total
Exercisable | Beneficial | Percentage
Beneficial Owner | Ordinary Shares | within 60 Days | Ownership | Ownership
Samson Capital, LLC (1) | 3,172,787 (2) | -- | 3,172,787 | 6.4%
Roy J. Zuckerberg | 3,737,027 (3) | -- | 3,737,027 | 7.6%
Elchanan Jaglom | 3,698,625 (4) | -- | 3,698,625 | 7.5% ____________________ (1) | Samson Capital, LLC is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. The outstanding membership interests of Samson Capital, LLC are held by Roy J. Zuckerberg (74.1% interest), Michael Jaglom (18.5% interest) and an entity holding membership interests for the benefit of Elchanan Jaglom and members of his family. Michael Jaglom and Elchanan Jaglom are cousins. Roy J. Zuckerberg and Elchanan Jaglom are the managing members of Samson Capital, LLC and, by virtue of such roles, may be deemed to possess shared power to direct the voting and disposition of, and thus shared beneficial ownership with respect to, the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC. Each of Roy J. Zuckerberg and Elchanan Jaglom disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Please see notes 3 and 4 below regarding arrangements concerning decisions as to voting and disposition of the ordinary shares held by this shareholder.
(2) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2013, as indicated in the amended report of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed jointly on February 12, 2014 by Samson Capital, LLC and Roy J. Zuckerberg. Samson Capital, LLC exercises sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 3,172,787 shares. 98 (3) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2013, as indicated in the amended report of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed jointly on February 12, 2014 by Samson Capital, LLC and Roy J. Zuckerberg. Consists of 38,402 ordinary shares held by Zuckerberg Investment Partners, LP, 3,172,787ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC, with respect to which Roy J. Zuckerberg may be deemed to share beneficial ownership (as disclosed in notes (1) and (2) above) and 525,838 ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of California, with respect to which Roy J. Zuckerberg may be deemed to share beneficial ownership as a result of the Roy J. Zuckerberg Family Trust’s 43.8% ownership of the membership interests of Hancock LLC (as disclosed in note (4) below). Mr. Zuckerberg has reached an agreement with respect to 1,833,649 of the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC that he has the right to independently make decisions as to voting and disposition of those ordinary shares, without having to consult with any other person.
(4) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2013, as indicated in the amended report of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2014 by Elchanan Jaglom. Consists of (i) the 3,172,787 ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC, with respect to which Mr. Jaglom may be deemed to share beneficial ownership (as disclosed in note (1) above) and (ii) the 525,838 ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, a California limited liability company of which 56.2% of the membership interests are held by a company of which Mr. Jaglom is a director. Mr. Jaglom has reached an agreement with respect to 1,339,138 of the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC that he has the right to independently make decisions as to voting and disposition of those ordinary shares, without having to consult with any other person. Mr. Jaglom disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held by each of Samson Capital, LLC and Hancock LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 99 Changes in Percentage Ownership by
Major Shareholders During 2013,
there were certain changes in the percentage ownership of our major shareholders
due to market transactions entered into by the major shareholders themselves and due to our issuance of a substantial number of additional ordinary shares in our acquisition of MakerBot in August 2013
and in our follow-on public offering in September 2013. The percentage ownership of each of Samson Capital, LLC, Roy J. Zuckerberg and Elchanan Jaglom decreased due to market sales and issuances of additional
ordinary shares by us. The percentage ownership of those respective shareholders decreased from 11.1% to 6.4%, 12.6% to 7.6% and 12.5% to 7.5%, respectively. In addition, three
additional shareholders who held more than 5% of our ordinary shares as of the
end of 2012-- AGM Holding BV, Philippe J. Setton and FMR LLC— ceased to be a
major shareholder as of the end of 2013,due to a combination of market sales and
issuances of additional ordinary shares by us. In December 2012, as a result of the
consummation of the Stratasys-Objet merger, the percentage ownership of each of our major
shareholders at the time was reduced in a proportional manner, due to the
issuance of 55% of our share capital (on a post-merger, fully diluted basis,
calculated in accordance with the treasury stock method) to stockholders of
Stratasys, Inc. in the merger. Record Holders Based upon a review of the information provided to us by our transfer agent, as of March 3, 2014, there were 130 holders of record of our shares, of which 97 record holders holding 49,270,622, or approximately 99.99%, of our outstanding ordinary shares, had registered addresses in the United States. These numbers are not representative of the number of beneficial holders of our shares nor is it representative of where such beneficial holders reside, since many of these shares were held of record by brokers or other nominees. As of the said date, CEDE & Co, the nominee company of the Depository Trust Company (with a registered address in the United States), held of record 47,617,375 ordinary shares on behalf of hundreds firms of brokers and banks in the United States, who in turn held such shares on behalf of several thousand clients and customers. B. Related Party
Transactions. Except as described below or
elsewhere in this annual report, since January 1, 2013, we have had no
transaction or loan, nor do we have any presently proposed transaction or loan,
involving any related party described in Item 7.B of Form 20-F promulgated by
the SEC. Indemnification
Agreements Our amended articles permit us to
exculpate, indemnify and insure each of our directors and office holders to the
fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. Effective upon the effective time
of the merger, we entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
current directors and other office holders, under which we undertook to
indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by Israeli law, including with
respect to liabilities resulting from the merger to the extent that these
liabilities are not covered by insurance. We also put into place Directors and
Officers liability insurance for each of our directors and other office holders
upon the effectiveness of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Registration
Rights Upon the effectiveness of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, we entered into a registration rights and lock-up
agreement with Objet shareholders holding at least 90% of the voting power of
Objet prior to the effectiveness of the merger, including each of our current
executive officers and directors who held ordinary shares since prior to the
merger. However, due to subsequent market sales of shares by our shareholders
party to the agreement, all of the remaining ordinary shares subject to the
agreement have subsequently ceased to have the status of “registrable
securities” under the agreement (due to the fact that they may be sold without
limitation of volume pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act). As a
result, the registration rights for all shareholders who are party to the
agreement have lapsed, and we are no longer required to register the sales of
shares by our shareholders who are party to the agreement. 100 Employment and Consulting Agreements
with Directors and Executive Officers Employment agreement with David
Reis Under an
employment agreement, dated September 15, 2008, that we entered into with our
Chief Executive Officer, David Reis, Mr. Reis is entitled to a gross monthly
salary of NIS 126,600 (approximately $36,484 ). Mr. Reis is also entitled to an
annual performance bonus subject to the discretion of our board of directors,
based on our achievement of specific goals set by the board. Besides base salary
and bonus, Mr. Reis receives under the agreement other benefits that are
provided for by Israeli law or that are customary for senior executives in
Israel, including reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with his services, and the right to use (and all related fixed and variable
costs in respect of) a leased car and cellular telephone. Mr. Reis is
furthermore entitled to company contributions equivalent to 5%, 8.33%, 2.5%, and
7.5% of his gross monthly salary towards certain pension, severance, disability
and tax-advantaged savings funds (known as a manager’s insurance policy,
severance compensation fund, disability insurance, and a study fund,
respectively) (Mr. Reis also contributes 5% and 2.5% of his gross monthly salary
towards the manager’s insurance policy and study fund, respectively). The
employment engagement is terminable by either party upon six months’ prior
written notice, and contains customary provisions regarding noncompetition,
confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. As required under
Israeli law, the terms of Mr. Reis’ engagement with our company were approved by
our board of directors and shareholders (while we were still a private
company). On April 11, 2010, March 21, 2012
and May 10, 2013, our board of directors approved the payment to Mr. Reis of
bonuses for his services as our Chief Executive Officer and as a director,
during the years ended December 31, 2009, December 31, 2011 and December 31,
2012, respectively, equal to $100,000, $100,000 and NIS 460,000 (approximately
$127,000), respectively. Mr. Reis has furthermore been
granted an aggregate of 282,436 options to purchase ordinary shares, of which
(i) 230,654 (all of which are vested) have an exercise price of $6.51825 per share, and expire on December
31, 2017 and (ii) 51,782 (all of which are vested) have an exercise price of
$2.207514 per share, and also expire on December 31, 2017. All of the shares
underlying the 230,654 options described in (i) above are subject to an
agreement with our company under which they may only be disposed of (subject to
minor exceptions involving the payment of taxes) in an orderly fashion, on a
pro-rata basis over the course of a five-year period commencing in 2012. These
restrictions governing the disposition of such shares supplement, and do not
replace, any additional applicable restrictions under our share option and
incentive plans. Employment agreement with Ilan
Levin Pursuant to an employment agreement,
dated June 27, 2011, Ilan Levin provides services to us as a full-time employee
who leads special corporate executive functions. Under the agreement, Mr. Levin
receives a gross monthly salary of NIS 27,000 (approximately $7,781) and
other benefits that are provided for by Israeli law or that are customary for
senior executives in Israel, including reimbursement for reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with his services, and the right to use (and all related
fixed and variable costs in respect of) a leased car. The foregoing salary is in
addition to and independent of the $19,400 per month plus Israeli value added
tax, or VAT, that Mr. Levin is entitled to for continued service as a member of
the board. Under the employment agreement, Mr.
Levin is furthermore entitled to company contributions equivalent to 5%, 8.33%,
2.5%, and 7.5% of his gross monthly salary towards certain pension, severance,
disability and tax-advantaged savings funds (known as a manager’s insurance
policy, severance compensation fund, disability insurance, and a study fund,
respectively) (Mr. Levin also contributes 5% and 2.5% of his gross monthly
salary towards the manager’s insurance policy and study fund, respectively). The
employment engagement is terminable by either party upon three months’ prior
written notice, and contains customary provisions regarding noncompetition,
confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. As required under
Israeli law, the terms of Mr. Levin’s engagement with our company were approved
by our board of directors and shareholders. Mr. Levin was previously granted 78,488 options to purchase ordinary shares at an exercise price of $7.8219 per
share, 7,192 of which have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 1,
2014 , and the balance of which will vest over a four year period of continued
service by him to our company beginning with the date of his appointment as
President and Vice Chairman in June 2011. These options expire on December 31,
2017. All of the 78,488 ordinary shares underlying the foregoing options are
subject to an agreement between Mr. Levin and our company under which they may only be disposed of (subject to
minor exceptions involving the payment of taxes) in an orderly fashion, on a pro
rata basis over the course of a five year period commencing in 2012. These
restrictions governing the disposition of these shares supplement, and do not
replace, any additional applicable restrictions under our share option and
incentive plans. Mr. Levin also holds 56,782 options to purchase ordinary
shares (all of which are vested), at an exercise price of $2.208 per share,
which expire on December 31, 2017. 101 Consulting arrangement with an entity
affiliated with Elchanan Jaglom An entity affiliated with Elchanan Jaglom, the Chairman of the executive committee of our board of directors, has provided consulting and director services to us pursuant to an oral arrangement that was approved by our board of directors and shareholders. The monthly amount payable to that entity under this arrangement is $35,000, plus VAT, currently. The consulting arrangement, which is not recorded in a written agreement, has no set term and may be terminated by either party at will upon written notice. C. Interests of Experts and
Counsel. Not required. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION. A. Consolidated Statements and Other
Financial Information. The consolidated financial
statements and other financial information for our company required by SEC are
included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. Export Sales The following table presents total
export sales by Stratasys, Ltd for each of the fiscal years indicated (in
thousands): 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Total Export Sales* | $ | 219,837 | $ | 104,883 | $ | 73,211
as a percentage of Total Sales | 45.4 | % | 48.73 | % | 46.96 | % ____________________ * | Export sales, as presented, are defined as sales to customers located outside of the United States and Israel (where our dual headquarters are located). 102 Legal Proceedings We are a
party to various legal proceedings incident to our business. Based upon the
status of such cases, as determined with the advice of counsel, we have recorded
provisions in our financial statements for amounts (if any) judged to be both
quantifiable and probable to be paid. Except as noted below, there are no legal
proceedings pending or threatened against us that we believe are likely to have,
or that have had in the recent past, significant effects on our financial
condition or profitability. Settlement of Merger-Related
Litigation As previously reported in our annual
report for the year ended December 31, 2012, Stratasys, Inc., the members of its
board of directors, and Objet’s two indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries party to
the Stratasys-Objet merger agreement (Seurat Holdings Inc. and Oaktree Merger Inc.) had been
named as defendants in three purported class action complaints, two of which had
been filed in the District Court, Fourth Judicial District, Hennepin County,
Minnesota (the “ Minnesota
Court “) and one of which had been filed in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the “ Delaware Court “). Objet was also
named as a defendant in the action brought in the Delaware Court. The complaints
had generally alleged that, in connection with approving the Stratasys-Objet
merger, the Stratasys, Inc. directors breached their fiduciary duties owed to
Stratasys, Inc. stockholders and that Stratasys, Inc., Objet, Holdco and Merger
Sub knowingly aided and abetted the Stratasys, Inc. directors’ breaches of their
fiduciary duties. The complaints sought, among other things, certification of
the case as a class action, an injunction against the consummation of the
transaction, a judgment against the defendants for damages, and an award of
fees, expenses and costs to plaintiffs and their attorneys. On October 3, 2013, we, our
subsidiary Stratasys, Inc. and the other defendants entered into a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs, which was approved by the Delaware Court. The plaintiffs agreed to a dismissal of the action in the Delaware Court with
prejudice, the voluntary dismissal of the Minnesota Actions with prejudice and
without costs, and the release of all claims against the defendants, subject to
certain conditions. The defendants agreed not to oppose an award of attorneys’
fees, costs and expenses in an amount not to exceed $450,000, to the
plaintiffs. However, before the case was heard, plaintiffs’ counsel offered to withdraw the settlement and to discontinue the action without requiring payment of legal fees, costs or expenses by defendants. Claims Related to Company Equity and
Other Matters In December 2008, a former employee
of ours, whose employment had been terminated, filed a claim against our company
demanding that, based on an alleged undertaking we had made, we issue to him an
option that would allow him to maintain an equity interest of 1.45% in Objet, as
well as reimburse salary reductions he had suffered in an aggregate sum of NIS
552 thousand ( $159 thousand). In July 2009, we filed our statement of defense,
rejecting the claims raised by the former employee. Together with the former
employee, we initiated mediation of the dispute, but did not reach any
settlement. The former employee later amended his initial pleading to seek an
additional NIS 441 thousand ( $127 thousand) on account of alleged wrongful
termination by our company. The court ruled in our favor in November 2013, also
awarding us legal expenses of NIS 55,000. The plaintiff has appealed the
decision to the national Israeli labor court, where the appeal will be
heard. In October 2007, a former supplier
of Objet brought an action against Objet and the former directors of its
European subsidiary (one of whom, Ilan Levin, is one of our current directors)
in a Brussels commercial court, claiming damages of €566.0 thousand ( $780 thousand), plus interest and related legal and litigation costs. On April 26,
2010, the court held Objet and its subsidiary’s former directors jointly and
severally liable for the full amount claimed. Objet along with its subsidiary’s
former directors filed an appeal of the judgment in May 2010, with respect to
which the final judgment is expected to be rendered in 2014. In keeping with
required procedures related to the litigation, in July 2011, we deposited the
full amount of the original judgment in favor of the former supplier, plus
interest and litigation costs (€690 thousand, or $951 thousand, in total) into a
blocked, state-owned account in our name, to be held pending the outcome of our
appeal. 103 On March 4, 2013, we were notified
of two lawsuits purportedly filed in an Israeli district court against us by
four current or former minority shareholders and former directors of our
company. The lawsuits purportedly demand that we amend the capitalization table
of our company such that certain shares previously issued to Objet shareholders named as defendants would be recognized as
being owned by the plaintiffs with a consequent reduction of the share ownership
of the named defendants. The lawsuits also name as defendants Elchanan Jaglom,
the Chairman of the Executive Committee of our board of directors, David Reis,
our Chief Executive Officer, various shareholders of ours who were also
shareholders of Objet, and, in one of the lawsuits, Ilan Levin, one of our
directors. The lawsuits allege in particular that a series of investments in
Objet during 2002 and 2003 was effected at a price per share that was below fair
market value, thereby illegally diluting those shareholders that did not
participate in the investments. The plaintiffs also allege that a portion of the
amount invested in those transactions was actually invested by an investor who
was already a shareholder of Objet and allegedly acting in concert with Mr.
Jaglom, and that the interest of these two shareholders in these transactions
was not properly disclosed to the minority shareholders at the time. The
lawsuits furthermore claim that we effectively engaged in backdating the
issuance of certain shares, in that shares that Objet reported as having been
issued in 2006 and 2007 were actually issued at a subsequent date—as late as
2009. We filed our
statement of defense in response to these claims in May 2013, denying the
claims. We are scheduled for hearings in April 2014, in which the court will
hear arguments concerning our motion to dismiss the claims and our appeal to
make the plaintiffs pay full court fees. We believe
that the above claims that are still pending are entirely baseless and that the
transactions in question were conducted in accordance with applicable law. Our
management does not believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse
effect on our operations or financial condition, and we intend to vigorously
defend these lawsuits. Dividend Policy We have never paid cash dividends on
our ordinary shares and do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends on
our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our earnings to
finance the development of our business. Any future dividend policy will be
determined by our board of directors based upon conditions then existing,
including our earnings, financial condition, tax position and capital
requirements, as well as such economic and other conditions as our board of
directors may deem relevant. Pursuant to our articles of association, dividends
may be declared by our board of directors. Dividends must be paid out of our
profits and other surplus funds, as defined in the Companies Law, as of the end
of the most recent year or as accrued over a period of the most recent two
years, whichever amount is greater, provided that there is no reasonable concern
that payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and
foreseeable obligations as they become due. In addition, because we have
received certain benefits under Israeli law relating to Approved Enterprises and
Beneficiary Enterprises, our payment of dividends (out of tax-exempt income) may
subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not otherwise be subject.
We are also restricted under our credit agreement with Bank of America from
paying dividends. Please see the risk factors captioned “We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share
price does not appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and
could potentially suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary shares,”
and “Even if we decide to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, we may be
restricted from doing so or payment of such dividends may have adverse
consequences for our company” in Item 3.D “Risk Factors—Risks related to an
investment in our ordinary shares” above. For a discussion of the applicable
rates of withholding tax on dividends paid out of income derived from an
Approved Enterprise or a Beneficiary Enterprise, see “Israeli Tax Considerations
and Government Programs — The Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments”
in Item 4.B above. B. Significant Changes. No significant change, other than as
otherwise described in this annual report, has occurred in our operations since
the date of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual
report. 104 ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING. A. Listing Details. Since
December 3, 2012 (the first trading day after the effective time of the merger),
our ordinary shares have traded (and, prior to that time, Stratasys, Inc. common
stock was traded) on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol
“SSYS.” The following table sets forth the high and low closing sale prices of
our ordinary shares (and for periods preceding the merger, Stratasys, Inc.
common stock) for the fiscal periods indicated below, as reported on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market. Price Range
High | Low
Fiscal Period: | (U.S. $) | (U.S. $)
Six most recent months:
February 2014 | 127.61 | 110.75
January 2014 | 136.46 | 118.03
December 2013 | 134.70 | 117.00
November 2013 | 128.17 | 112.24
October 2013 | 113.28 | 92.78
September 2013 | 110.26 | 92.32
Two most recent full financial years and subsequent periods, by quarter:
Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2013
October 1, 2013 - December 31, 2013 | 134.70 | 92.78
July 1, 2013 - September 30, 2013 | 110.26 | 84.30
April 1, 2013 - June 30, 2013 | 91.30 | 68.33
January 1, 2013 - March 31, 2013 | 89.69 | 62.50
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2012
October 1, 2012 - December 31, 2012 | 80.75 | 54.66
July 1, 2012 - September 30, 2012 | 71.98 | 47.39
April 1, 2012 - June 30, 2012 | 54.49 | 33.69
January 1, 2012 - March 31, 2012 | 40.87 | 30.37
Five most recent full financial years
2013 | 134.70 | 62.50
2012 | 80.75 | 30.37
2011 | 55.43 | 18.00
2010 | 34.46 | 18.04
2009 | 18.98 | 7.77 105 Our ordinary
shares, nominal value NIS 0.01 per share, are registered on the books of our
transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. There are no
transfer restrictions apart from the requirement that any transfers comply with
applicable securities laws and the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market or any other
securities exchange on which our ordinary shares may be listed in the
future. B. Plan of Distribution. Not Applicable. C. Markets. Our ordinary shares have been listed
on, and began trading on, the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 3, 2012
under the ticker symbol “SSYS”, replacing the Stratasys, Inc. common stock under
that same listing and ticker symbol following the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger on December 1, 2012. D. Selling Shareholders. Not Applicable. E. Dilution. Not Applicable. F. Expenses of the
Issue. Not Applicable. ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION. A.
Share Capital. Not applicable B. Memorandum and Articles of
Association. Purposes and Objects of the Company We are a public company registered
under Israel’s Companies Law as Stratasys Ltd., registration number 51-260769-8.
Under our memorandum of association, our purpose includes every lawful
purpose. Powers of Directors Under the provisions of the
Companies Law and our amended articles, the management of the business of the
Company is vested in our board of directors, which may exercise all such powers
and do all such acts and things as the Company is authorized to exercise and do.
For certain approval requirements, disclosure obligations and limitation on
participation of members of our board in board meetings, see “Fiduciary Duties
of Officer Holders — Approval of Specified Related Party Transactions with
Office Holders Under Israeli Law” in Item 6.C – “Board Practices” above, and the
remainder of this Item 10.B below. The authority of our directors to
enter into borrowing arrangements on our behalf is not limited, except to the
same degree as any other transaction into which we may enter. 106 Our amended
articles do not impose any mandatory retirement or age-limit requirements on our
directors, and our directors are not required to own shares in our company in
order to qualify to serve as directors. Rights Attached to
Shares Our authorized share capital
consists of 180,000,000 ordinary shares of a nominal value of NIS 0.01 each. All
outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
The current authorized share capital reflects an increase in our authorized
share capital (from 60,000,000 ordinary shares) that was approved by our
shareholders at our 2013 annual general meeting of shareholders on June 21,
2013. The rights attached to the ordinary
shares are as follows: Dividend
Rights. Our board of directors may, in its
discretion, declare that a dividend be paid pro rata to the holders of ordinary
shares. Dividends must be paid out of our profits and other surplus funds, as
defined in the Companies Law, as of the end of the most recent year or as
accrued over a period of two years, whichever is greater, provided that there is
no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying
our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. Under the Companies
Law, the declaration of a dividend does not require the approval of the
shareholders of a company unless the company’s articles of association provide
otherwise. Our amended articles provide that our board of directors may declare
and distribute dividends without the approval of the shareholders. Rights to Share in the Company’s
Profits. Our shareholders have the right to
share in our profits distributed as a dividend or via any other permitted
distribution. See “Rights Attached to Shares — Dividend Rights”, in this Item
above. Rights to Share in Surplus in
the Event of Liquidation. In the event of
our liquidation, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, our assets will
be distributed to the holders of ordinary shares in proportion to the nominal
value of their holdings. This right may be affected by the grant of preferential
dividend or distribution rights to the holders of a class of shares with
preferential rights that may be authorized in the future. Limited
Liability. Our company is a limited
liability company, and therefore, each shareholder’s liability for our
obligations is limited to the payment of the nominal value of the shares held by
such shareholder, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law. Limitations on Any Existing or
Prospective Major Shareholder. See “Board
Practices - Approval of Specified Related Party Transactions with Office Holders
Under Israeli Law” in Item 6.C above. Registration
Rights. For a discussion of the registration
rights that we have granted to certain shareholders, please see Item 7.B
“Related Party Transactions”— “Registration Rights.” Voting Rights. Holders of our ordinary shares have one vote for each
ordinary share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders.
Shareholders may vote at a shareholders’ meeting either in person or by proxy.
Such voting rights may be affected by the grant of any special voting rights to
the holders of a class of shares with preferential rights that may be authorized
in the future. There are currently no preferred shares outstanding. The Companies Law imposes certain
duties on our shareholders. A shareholder, in exercising his or her rights and
performing his or her obligations to our other shareholders and us, must act in
good faith and in an acceptable manner, and avoid abusing his or her powers.
This duty is required when voting at general meetings on matters such as changes
to our articles of association, increases to our registered capital, mergers and
related party transactions. A shareholder also has a general duty to refrain
from depriving any other shareholder of his or her rights as a shareholder. In
addition, any controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows that his or her
vote can determine the outcome of a shareholder vote and any shareholder who,
under our amended articles, can appoint or prevent the appointment of an office
holder, is required to act fairly towards our company. The Companies Law does
not specifically define the duty of fairness, but provides that the remedies
generally available upon a breach of contract will apply also in the event of a
breach of the duty to act with fairness. There is no binding case law that
addresses this subject directly. Any voting agreement among shareholders is also
subject to these duties. 107 Election of Directors As agreed
upon in the merger agreement and as reflected in our amended articles, until
December 1, 2014, our board of directors will include: (i) four class A
directors, including one external director, who were appointed by Objet’s board
of directors prior to the merger; (ii) four class B directors appointed by the
Stratasys, Inc. board of directors prior to the merger; and (iii) one class B
director, appointed by the Stratasys, Inc. board of directors and approved by
Objet’s board of directors prior to the merger. As a result of an amendment to
our amended articles that was adopted by a supermajority constituting 75% of the
total voting power of our company at our 2013 annual general meeting of
shareholders, our board now also includes one unclassified director, who serves
for a one year term and is subject to election once again in 2014. Unless the
2014 annual general meeting of shareholders is held after expiration of the
initial term for our class A and class B directors, we are required to hold a
special general meeting within 60 days after expiration of that initial term for
the purpose of electing directors. Our board of directors, acting by a majority
vote that must include the vote of two class A directors and two class B
directors, will nominate between seven and 11 persons to stand for election at
that meeting. Thereafter, directors of our
company, other than external directors, will be elected each year at our annual
general meeting of shareholders by a vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power represented at the meeting. See Item 6.C– “Board Practices”—“Board
of Directors” above. Our ordinary shares do not have cumulative voting rights
for this purpose. As a result, holders of our ordinary shares that represent
more than 50% of the voting power represented at a shareholders’ meeting at
which a quorum is present will have the power to elect any or all of our
directors whose positions are being filled at that meeting, subject to the
special approval requirements for external directors described under “Board
Practices—External Directors” in Item 6.C above and subject to the discussion
in the foregoing paragraph. In addition, pursuant to our amended
articles, any shareholder or group of shareholders holding at least such number
of shares or such voting rights entitling the nomination of directors under all
then-applicable law, may request, by January 31 of the calendar year in which
the next annual general meeting of shareholders is to be held, that we include
candidates nominated by them as nominees at that next annual general
meeting. Annual and Extraordinary
Meetings Our board of directors must convene
an annual general meeting of shareholders at least once every calendar year,
within fifteen months of the last annual general meeting. All meetings other than the annual
general meeting of shareholders are referred to as extraordinary general
meetings. Our board of directors may call extraordinary general meetings
whenever it sees fit, at such time and place, within or outside of Israel, as it
may determine. In addition, the Companies Law and our amended articles provide
that our board of directors will be required to convene an extraordinary general
meeting upon the written request of (i) any two of our directors or one-quarter
of our board of directors or (ii) one or more shareholders holding, in the
aggregate, either (a) 5% of our outstanding issued shares and 1% of our
outstanding voting power or (b) 5% of our outstanding voting power. The chairman
of the board of directors presides at each of our general meetings. The chairman
of the board of directors will not be entitled to vote at a general meeting in
his capacity as chairman. Subject to the provisions of the
Companies Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder, shareholders that will
be entitled to participate and vote at general meetings are the shareholders of
record on a date decided by our board of directors, which may be between four
and 40 days prior to the date of the meeting. Furthermore, the Companies Law and
our amended articles require that resolutions regarding the following matters
must be passed at a general meeting of our shareholders: amendments to the amended
 articles; appointment or termination of our
 auditors; appointment of directors and appointment and
 dismissal of external directors; 108 approval of acts and transactions involving
 related parties, as defined by the Companies Law or pursuant to our amended
 articles; director compensation; increases or reductions of our authorized share
 capital; a merger; and the exercise of our board of directors’ powers by
 a general meeting, if the board of directors is unable to exercise its powers
 and the exercise of any of its powers is required for our proper
 management. Notices The
Companies Law and the amended articles require that a notice of any annual
general meeting or extraordinary general meeting be published and provided to
shareholders at least 21 days prior to the meeting, and if the agenda of the
meeting includes the appointment or removal of directors, the approval of
transactions with office holders or interested or related parties, or an
approval of a merger, notice must be published at least 35 days prior to the
meeting. Quorum The quorum required for a general
meeting of our shareholders consists of at least two shareholders present in
person, by proxy or written ballot who hold or represent between them at least a
majority of the total outstanding voting rights. A meeting adjourned for lack of
a quorum generally is adjourned to the same day in the following week at the
same time and place, or to a later time/date if so specified in the summons or
notice of the meeting. At the reconvened meeting, if the original meeting was
convened upon requisition under the Companies Law, the required quorum consists
of one or more shareholders, present in person or by proxy, and holding the
number of shares required for making such requisition, and, in any other
reconvened meeting, the quorum that is required is any two shareholders present
in person or by proxy (regardless of how many shares they hold). Adoption of
Resolutions Our amended articles provide that
all resolutions of our shareholders require the approval of a majority of the
voting power present and voting at a general meeting, unless otherwise required
by the Companies Law or by the amended articles. Under the Companies Law and the
amended articles, shareholders are not permitted to take action via written
consent in lieu of a meeting. Under the Companies Law, each of (i) the approval
of an extraordinary transaction with a controlling shareholder and (ii) the
terms of employment or other engagement of the controlling shareholder of the
company or such controlling shareholder’s relative (even if not extraordinary)
require, in addition to approval by the compensation committee (in the case of
terms of employment) or audit committee (in the case of some other engagement)
and the board of directors, approval by a special majority of the shareholders
that fulfills one of the following requirements: a disinterested majority; or the votes of shareholders who have no personal
 interest in the transaction and who are present and voting, in person, by
 proxy or by voting deed at the meeting, and who vote against the transaction
 may not represent more than two percent (2%) of the voting rights of the
 company. Under our amended articles, if the
share capital is divided into classes, the alteration of the rights, privileges,
preferences or obligations of any class of share capital requires approval by a
simple majority of the class so affected (or such other percentage of the
relevant class that may be set forth in the governing documents relevant to such
class), in addition to the ordinary majority vote of all classes of shares
voting together as a single class at a general meeting, as required under the
Companies Law. Further exceptions to the simple
majority vote requirement are a resolution for the voluntary winding up, or an
approval of a scheme of arrangement or reorganization, of the company pursuant
to Section 350 of the Companies Law, which requires the approval of
holders of 75% of the voting rights represented at the meeting, in person, by
proxy or by voting deed and voting on the resolution. 109 Under the
amended articles, during the period beginning on the effective time of the
merger and ending on the second anniversary of the effective time, referred to
as the initial term, the approval of 75% of the voting power of our company is
required for the amendment, suspension or replacement of any of the following
provisions of the amended articles: Article 1 (any of the definitions in the amended
 articles); Article 74 (providing for the appointment of class
 A directors and class B directors to serve during the initial term); Article 77.1.8 (providing that during the
 initial term, removal of class A directors for cause may only be by a
 unanimous vote of the other class A directors and removal of class B directors
 for cause may only be by a unanimous vote of the other class B directors); Article 77.2.1 (providing that during the initial
 term, the appointment to fill any vacancy of a class A director shall be by
 the class A directors and the appointment to fill any vacancy of a class B
 director shall be by the class B directors, in each case subject to the
 requirements of the Companies Law with respect to external directors); Article 79 (providing for the appointment of S.
 Scott Crump as the Chairman of the Board of our company and the procedure for
 filling a vacancy in the office of chairman); Article 80 (limiting the power of the shareholders
 to remove a director from office during the initial term; Article 81 (providing for the appointment of David
 Reis to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of our company during the initial
 term and the requirement that board of directors of our company may only
 select another person to serve as the chief executive officer by a majority
 vote that shall include the vote of at least two class A directors and two
 class B directors); Article 92 (providing for the establishment and
 composition of the executive committee of our board of directors during the
 initial term, the procedure for filling vacancies on the executive committee,
 and the duties and authority of the executive committee); Article 99 (providing the board of directors with
 the right to delegate authority to the chief executive officer to appoint
 other officers and employees, to set their compensation, subject to the
 requirements of the Companies Law, and to remove such persons from their
 positions, subject to the restrictions on the removal of class A directors and
 class B directors; and Article 138 (requiring a 75% super majority vote
 to take any of the foregoing actions). Israeli law
provides that a shareholder of a public company may vote in a meeting and in a
class meeting by means of a voting deed in which the shareholder indicates how
he or she votes on resolutions relating to the following matters: appointment or removal of
 directors; approval of transactions with office holders or
 interested or related parties; approval of a merger or any other matter in
 respect of which there is a provision in the articles of association providing
 that decisions of the general meeting may also be passed by voting deed; approval of an arrangement or reorganization of
 the company pursuant to Section 350 of the Israeli Companies Law; and other matters which may be
 prescribed by Israel’s Minister of Justice. 110 The
provision allowing the vote by voting deed does not apply if, to the best
knowledge of the company at the time of calling the general shareholders’
meeting, a controlling shareholder will hold on the record date for such
shareholders’ meeting, voting power sufficient to determine the outcome of the
vote. Changing Rights Attached to
Shares The rights attached to any class of
shares, such as voting, liquidation and dividend rights, may be amended by
adoption of a resolution by the holders of a majority of the shares of that
class present at a separate class meeting, or otherwise in accordance with the
rights attached to such class of shares, as set forth in our amended
articles. Limitations on the Rights to Own
Securities in Our Company Neither our memorandum of
association nor our amended articles, nor the laws of the State of Israel,
restrict in any way the ownership or voting of shares by non-residents, except
with respect to citizens of countries that are in a state of war with
Israel. Provisions Restricting Change in
Control of Our Company Full Tender Offer A person wishing to acquire shares
of a public Israeli company and who could as a result hold over 90% of the
target company’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights is
required by the Companies Law to make a tender offer to all of the company’s
shareholders for the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the
company. A person wishing to acquire shares of a public Israeli company and who
could as a result hold over 90% of the issued and outstanding share capital or
voting rights of a certain class of shares is required to make a tender offer to
all of the shareholders who hold shares of the relevant class for the purchase
of all of the issued and outstanding shares of that class. If the shareholders
who do not accept the offer hold less than 5% of the issued and outstanding
share capital and voting rights of the company or of the applicable class, all
of the shares that the acquirer offered to purchase will be transferred to the
acquirer by operation of law (provided that a majority of the offerees that do
not have a personal interest in such tender offer shall have approved it, which
condition shall not apply if, following consummation of the tender offer, the
acquirer would hold at least 98% of all of the company’s outstanding shares and
voting rights (or shares and voting rights of the relevant class)). However,
shareholders may, at any time within six months following the completion of the
tender offer, petition the court to alter the consideration for the acquisition.
Even shareholders who indicated their acceptance of the tender offer may so
petition the court, unless the acquirer stipulated that a shareholder that
accepts the offer may not seek appraisal rights). If the shareholders who did
not accept the tender offer hold 5% or more of the issued and outstanding share
capital or voting rights of the company or of the applicable class, the acquirer
may not acquire shares of the company that will increase its holdings to more
than 90% of the company’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights
or 90% of the shares or voting rights of the applicable class, from shareholders
who accepted the tender offer. 111 Special Tender
Offer The
Companies Law provides that an acquisition of shares of a public Israeli company
must be made by means of a special tender offer if as a result of the
acquisition the purchaser could become a holder of 25% or more of the voting
rights in the company, unless one of the exemptions in the Companies Law (as
described below) is met. This rule does not apply if there is already another
holder of at least 25% of the voting rights in the company. Similarly, the
Companies Law provides that an acquisition of shares in a public company must be
made by means of a tender offer if as a result of the acquisition the purchaser
could become a holder of more than 45% of the voting rights in the company, if
there is no other shareholder of the company who holds more than 45% of the
voting rights in the company, unless one of the exemptions in the Companies Law
is met. A special tender offer must be
extended to all shareholders of a company but the offeror is not required to
purchase shares representing more than 5% of the voting power attached to the
company’s outstanding shares, regardless of how many shares are tendered by
shareholders. A special tender offer may be consummated only if (i) at least 5%
of the voting power attached to the company’s outstanding shares will be
acquired by the offeror and (ii) the number of shares tendered in the offer
exceeds the number of shares whose holders objected to the offer. If a special tender offer is
accepted, then the purchaser or any person or entity controlling it or under
common control with the purchaser or such controlling person or entity may not
make a subsequent tender offer for the purchase of shares of the target company
and may not enter into a merger with the target company for a period of one year
from the date of the offer, unless the purchaser or such person or entity
undertook to effect such an offer or merger in the initial special tender
offer. Merger The Companies Law permits merger
transactions if approved by each party’s board of directors and, unless certain
requirements described under the Companies Law are met, by a majority vote of
each party’s shares, and, in the case of the target company, a majority vote of
each class of its shares, voted on the proposed merger at a shareholders meeting
called with at least 35 days’ prior notice. For purposes of the shareholder
vote, unless a court rules otherwise, the merger will not be deemed approved if
a majority of the votes of shares represented at the shareholders’ meeting that
are held by parties other than the other party to the merger, or by any person
(or group of persons acting in concert) who holds (or hold, as the case may be)
25% or more of the voting rights or the right to appoint 25% or more of the
directors of the other party, vote against the merger. If, however, the merger
involves a merger with a company’s own controlling shareholder or if the
controlling shareholder has a personal interest in the merger, then the merger
is instead subject to the same special majority approval that governs all
extraordinary transactions with controlling shareholders (as described above in
this annual report under Item 6.C “Board Practices—Approval of Related Party
Transactions Under Israeli Law—Disclosure of Personal Interests of Controlling
Shareholders”). If the transaction would have been
approved by the shareholders of a merging company but for the separate approval
of each class or the exclusion of the votes of certain shareholders as provided
above, a court may still approve the merger upon the request of holders of at
least 25% of the voting rights of a company, if the court holds that the merger
is fair and reasonable, taking into account the value of the parties to the
merger and the consideration offered to the shareholders of the company that
have petitioned the court to approve the merger. Upon the request of a creditor of
either party to the proposed merger, the court may delay or prevent the merger
if it concludes that there exists a reasonable concern that, as a result of the
merger, the surviving company will be unable to satisfy the obligations of any
of the parties to the merger, and may further give instructions to secure the
rights of creditors. In addition, a merger may not be
consummated unless at least 50 days have passed from the date on which a
proposal for approval of the merger was filed by each party with the Israeli
Registrar of Companies and at least 30 days have passed from the date on which
the merger was approved by the shareholders of each party. 112 Anti-Takeover Measures Under Israeli
Law The
Companies Law allows us to create and issue shares having rights different from
those attached to our ordinary shares, including shares providing certain
preferred rights, distributions or other matters and shares having preemptive
rights. Currently, no preferred shares are authorized under our amended
articles. In the future, if we do authorize, create and issue a specific class
of preferred shares, such class of shares, depending on the specific rights that
may be attached to it, may have the ability to frustrate or prevent a takeover
or otherwise prevent our shareholders from realizing a potential premium over
the market value of their ordinary shares. The authorization and designation of
a class of preferred shares will require an amendment to our amended articles,
which requires the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the voting
power present and voting at a general meeting. The convening of the meeting, the
shareholders entitled to participate in such meeting, and the majority vote
required to be obtained at such a meeting will be subject to the requirements
set forth in the Companies Law as described above in this Item 10.B under
“Memorandum and Articles of Association—Rights Attached to Shares—Voting
Rights.” The foregoing description includes
only a summary of certain provisions of the Companies Law and our memorandum of
association and articles and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of such documents, which are exhibits to this annual
report. C. Material Contracts. We have not entered into any
material contract within the two years prior to the date of this annual report,
other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, or as
otherwise described herein in Item 4.A—“History and Development of the
Company”, Item 4.B—“Business Overview”, Item 5.B—“Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Liquidity and Capital Resources”, Item 6.C – “Board
Practices—Director Service Contracts” and Item 7.B - “Related Party
Transactions”. D. Exchange Controls. There are currently no Israeli
currency control restrictions on payments of dividends or other distributions
with respect to our ordinary shares or the proceeds from the sale of ordinary
shares, except for the obligation of Israeli residents to file reports with the
Bank of Israel regarding certain transactions. However, legislation remains in
effect pursuant to which currency controls can be imposed by administrative
action at any time. The ownership or voting of our
ordinary shares by non-residents of Israel, except with respect to citizens of
countries that are in a state of war with Israel, is not restricted in any way
by our memorandum of association or amended articles or by the laws of the State
of Israel. E. Taxation. The following is a short summary
of certain provisions of the tax environment to which shareholders may be subject.
This summary is based on the current provisions of tax law. To the extent that the
discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been subject to judicial or
administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that the views expressed in the
discussion will be accepted by the appropriate tax authorities or the
courts. The summary does not address all
of the tax consequences that may be relevant to all purchasers of our ordinary shares
in light of each purchaser’s particular circumstances and specific tax treatment. For
example, the summary below does not address the tax treatment of residents of
Israel and traders in securities who are subject to specific tax regimes. As individual
circumstances may differ, holders of our ordinary shares should consult their own
tax adviser as to the United States, Israeli or other tax consequences of the
purchase, ownership and disposition of ordinary shares. The following is not
intended, and should not be construed, as legal or professional tax advice and is not
exhaustive of all possible tax considerations. Each individual should consult his or
her own tax or legal adviser. Israeli Taxation
Considerations Israeli law generally imposes a
capital gains tax on the sale of any capital assets by residents of Israel, as
defined for Israeli tax purposes, and on the sale of assets located in Israel,
including shares of Israeli companies, by both residents and non-residents of
Israel unless a specific exemption is available or unless a tax treaty between
Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides
otherwise. The Tax Ordinance distinguishes between “Real Capital Gain” and
“Inflationary Surplus”. The Inflationary Surplus is a portion of the total
capital gain which is equivalent to the increase of the relevant asset’s
purchase price which is attributable to the increase in the Israeli consumer
price index or, in certain circumstances, a foreign currency exchange rate,
between the date of purchase and the date of sale. The Real Capital Gain is the
excess of the total capital gain over the Inflationary Surplus. 113 Israeli resident
individuals Capital Gain As of
January 1, 2006, the tax rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli
individuals from the sale of shares which had been purchased on or after January
1, 2003, whether or not listed on a stock exchange, is 20%, unless such
shareholder claims a deduction for interest and linkage differences expenses in
connection with the purchase and holding of such shares, in which case the gain
will generally be taxed at a rate of 25%. Additionally, if such shareholder is
considered a “Significant Shareholder” ( i.e., a person who holds, directly or
indirectly, alone or together with another, 10% or more of any of the company’s
“means of control” (including, among other things, the right to receive profits
of the company, voting rights, the right to receive the company’s liquidation
proceeds and the right to appoint a director)) at the time of sale or at any
time during the preceding 12-month period, such gain will be taxed at the rate
of 25%. Individual shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are taxed at
their marginal tax rates applicable to business income (up to 48% in 2013). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
pursuant to the Law for Change in the Tax Burden (Legislative Amendments)
(Taxes), 2011, the capital gain tax rate applicable to individuals was raised
from 20% to 25% from 2012 and onwards (or from 25% to 30% if the selling
individual shareholder is a Significant Shareholder at any time during the
12-month period preceding the sale and\or claims a deduction for interest and
linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and holding of such
shares). With respect to assets (not shares that are listed on a stock exchange)
purchased on or after January 1, 2003, the portion of the gain generated from
the date of acquisition until December 31, 2011 will be subject to the previous
capital gains tax rates (20% or 25%) and the portion of the gain generated from
January 1, 2012 until the date of sale will be subject to the new tax rates (25%
or 30%). Dividend Income Israeli residents who are
individuals are generally subject to Israeli income tax for dividends paid on
our ordinary shares (other than bonus shares or share dividends) at 25%, or 30%
if the recipient of such dividend is a Significant Shareholder, at the time of
distribution or at any time during the preceding 12-month period. However,
dividends distributed from taxable income accrued during the benefits period of
an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to withholding tax
at the rate of 15% (and 20% with respect to Preferred Enterprise), if the
dividend is distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment Law
or within 12 years after such period. Israeli resident
corporations Capital Gain Under Israeli current tax
legislation, the tax rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli
resident corporations from the sale of shares of an Israeli company is the
general corporate tax rate. As described in “Israeli Tax Considerations and
Government Programs — General Corporate Tax Structure” in Item 4.B above, the
corporate tax rate in 2012 and 2013 was 25% and 26.5% as of 2014. Dividend Income Generally, Israeli resident
corporations are exempt from Israeli corporate tax on the receipt of dividends
paid on shares of Israeli resident corporations. However, dividends distributed
from taxable income accrued during the benefits period of an Approved Enterprise
or Privileged Enterprise are taxable at the rate of 15%, if the dividend is
distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment Law or within 12
years after that period. 114 Non-Israeli
Residents Capital Gain Israeli capital gains tax is imposed on the disposal of capital assets by a non-Israeli resident if such assets are either (i) located in Israel; (ii) shares or rights to shares in an Israeli resident company, or (iii)
represent, directly or indirectly, rights to assets located in Israel, unless a tax treaty between Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides otherwise. As mentioned above, Real Capital Gain is generally subject to tax at the
corporate tax rate (25% in 2012 and 2013 and 26.5% as of 2014), if generated by a company, or at the rate of 25% (for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 20% with respect to the portion of the gain generated up to
December 31, 2011) or 30% (for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 25% with respect to the portion of the gain generated up to December 31, 2011), if generated by an individual from the sale of assets purchased on or
after January 1, 2003. Individual and corporate shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are taxed at the tax rates applicable to business income (a corporate tax rate for a corporation and a marginal tax rate of up to 48% for an individual in
2013). Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders who are non-Israeli residents (individuals and corporations) are generally exempt from Israeli capital gains tax on any gains derived from the sale, exchange or disposition of
shares publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange or on a recognized stock exchange outside of Israel, provided, among other things, that (i) such gains are not generated through a permanent establishment that the non-Israeli resident maintains
in Israel, (ii) the shares were purchased after being listed on a recognized stock exchange and (iii) with respect to shares listed on a recognized stock exchange outside of Israel, such shareholders are not subject to the Israeli Income Tax Law
(Inflationary Adjustments) 5745-1985. However, non-Israeli corporations will not be entitled to the foregoing exemptions if Israeli residents (a) have a controlling interest of 25% or more in such non-Israeli corporation, or (b) are the
beneficiaries of or are entitled to 25% or more of the revenues or profits of such non-Israeli corporation, whether directly or indirectly. Such exemption is not applicable to a person whose gains from selling or otherwise disposing of the shares
are deemed to be business income. In addition, a sale of shares may be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax under the provisions of an applicable tax treaty. For example, under the U.S.-Israel Tax Treaty, to which we refer as the U.S.-Israel Treaty, the
sale, exchange or disposition of shares of an Israeli company by a shareholder who is a U.S. resident (for purposes of the U.S.-Israel Treaty) holding the shares as a capital asset is exempt from Israeli capital gains tax unless (i) the shareholder
holds, directly or indirectly, shares representing 10% or more of the voting rights during any part of the 12-month period preceding such sale, exchange or disposition, (ii) the shareholder, if an individual, has been present in Israel for a period
or periods of 183 days or more in the aggregate during the applicable taxable year; or (iii) the capital gains arising from such sale are attributable to a permanent establishment of the shareholder which is maintained in Israel. In any such case,
the sale, exchange or disposition of such shares would be subject to Israeli tax, to the extent applicable; however, under the U.S.-Israel Treaty, a U.S. resident would be permitted to claim a credit for the Israeli tax against the U.S. federal
income tax imposed with respect to the sale, exchange or disposition, subject to the limitations in U.S. laws applicable to foreign tax credits. The U.S.-Israel Treaty does not provide such credit against any U.S. state or local taxes. Dividend Income Non-Israeli residents (whether individuals or corporations) are generally subject to Israeli income tax on the receipt of dividends paid on ordinary shares at the rate of 25% or 30% (if the dividend recipient is a
Significant Shareholder at the time of distribution or at any time during the preceding 12-month period) or 15% if the dividend is distributed from income attributed to our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise, which tax is to be withheld
at source. Such dividends are generally subject to Israeli withholding tax at a rate of 25% so long as the shares are registered with a nominee company (whether the recipient is a Significant Shareholder or not), unless a reduced rate is provided
under an applicable tax treaty. For example, under the U.S.-Israel Treaty, the maximum rate of tax withheld in Israel on dividends paid to a holder of our ordinary shares who is a U.S. resident (for purposes of the U.S.-Israel Treaty) is 25%.
However, generally, the maximum rate of withholding tax on dividends, not generated by our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise, that are paid to a U.S. corporation holding at least 10% or more of our outstanding voting capital from the
start of the tax year preceding the distribution of the dividend through (and including) the distribution of the dividend, is 12.5%, provided that no more than 25% of our gross income for such preceding year consists of certain types of dividends
and interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends generated by our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to a withholding tax rate of 15% for such U.S. corporation shareholder, provided that the condition related to our gross
income for the previous year (as set forth in the previous sentence) is met. If the dividend is attributable partly to income derived from an Approved Enterprise, a Beneficiary Enterprise or Preferred Enterprise, and partly to other sources of
income, the withholding rate will be a blended rate reflecting the relative
portions of the two types of income. U.S residents who are subject to Israeli
withholding tax on a dividend may be entitled to a credit or deduction for
United States federal income tax purposes in the amount of the taxes withheld,
subject to detailed rules contained in the Code. 115 A
non-Israeli resident who receives dividends from which tax was withheld is
generally exempt from the obligation to file tax returns in Israel with respect
to such income, provided that (i) such income was not generated from business
conducted in Israel by the taxpayer, and (ii) the taxpayer has no other taxable
sources of income in Israel with respect to which a tax return is required to be
filed. Excess Tax Individuals who are subject to tax
in Israel are also subject to an additional tax at a rate of 2% on annual income
exceeding NIS 811,560 for 2014, which amount is linked to the annual change in
the Israeli consumer price index, including, but not limited to, dividends,
interest and capital gain, subject to the provisions of an applicable tax
treaty. U.S. Federal Income Tax
Considerations Subject to the limitations described
in the following paragraphs, the discussion below describes the material U.S.
federal income tax consequences to a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares,
referred to in this discussion as a U.S. holder, that is: an individual who is a citizen or
resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; a corporation (or other entity treated
as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in
the United States or under the law of the United States or of any state or the
District of Columbia; an estate, the income of which is
includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of
its source; or a trust, if a court within the United
States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the
trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all
substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has a valid election in effect
under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. This summary
is not a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be
relevant to each person’s decision to purchase, hold or dispose of ordinary
shares. This summary considers only U.S. holders that hold ordinary shares as
capital assets. This discussion is based on current
provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to which we refer as the
Code, current and proposed Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial
decisions as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to
change, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion does not address all
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular
shareholder based on the shareholder’s individual circumstances. In particular,
this discussion does not address the potential application of the alternative
minimum tax or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders that are
subject to special treatment, including U.S. holders that: are broker-dealers or insurance companies; have elected mark-to-market accounting; are tax-exempt organizations; are financial institutions or financial
services entities; 116 are partnerships or other entities
treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or partners thereof
or members therein; hold ordinary shares as part of a
straddle, hedge, conversion or other integrated transaction with other
investments; own directly, indirectly or by
attribution at least 10% of our voting power; or have a functional currency that is not the U.S. dollar. In addition, this discussion does
not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, or the possible
application of the U.S. federal estate or gift tax or any state inheritance,
estate or gift tax. Material
aspects of U.S. federal income tax law relevant to a holder other than a U.S.
holder, referred to in this discussion as a non-U.S. holder, are also discussed
below. Each prospective investor is advised to
consult his or her own tax adviser for the specific tax consequences to that investor of
purchasing, holding or disposing of our ordinary shares. Taxation of Dividends Paid on
Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion below
under “Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company,” a U.S.
holder will be required to include in gross income as ordinary income the amount
of any distribution paid on ordinary shares, including any Israeli taxes
withheld from the amount paid, on the date the distribution is received, to the
extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and
profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends that are
received in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2014 by U.S. holders that
are individuals, estates or trusts generally will be taxed at the rate
applicable to long-term capital gains, provided those dividends meet the
requirements of “qualified dividend income.” Effective January 1, 2013, the
American Taxpayer Relief Act raises the maximum long-term capital gains rate of
15% to 20% for individuals with annual taxable income over $400,000. In
addition, under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, higher income
taxpayers must pay an additional 3.8 percent tax on net investment income to the
extent certain threshold amounts of income are exceeded. See “New Tax on
Investment Income” in this Item below. Dividends that fail to meet these
requirements, and dividends taxable to corporate U.S. holders, are taxed at
ordinary income rates. No dividend received by a U.S. holder will be a qualified
dividend (1) if the U.S. holder held the ordinary share with respect to which
the dividend was paid for less than 61 days during the 121-day period beginning
on the date that is 60 days before the ex-dividend date with respect to the
dividend, excluding for this purpose, under the rules of Code Section 246(c),
any period during which the U.S. holder has an option to sell, is under a
contractual obligation to sell, has made and not closed a short sale of, is the
grantor of a deep-in-the-money or otherwise nonqualified option to buy, or has
otherwise diminished its risk of loss by holding other positions with respect
to, the ordinary share (or substantially identical securities); or (2) to the
extent that the U.S. holder is under an obligation (pursuant to a short sale or
otherwise) to make related payments with respect to positions in property
substantially similar or related to the ordinary share with respect to which the
dividend is paid. If we were to be a “passive foreign investment company” (as
that term is defined in the Code) for any year, dividends paid on our ordinary
shares in that year or in the year following that year would not be qualified
dividends. In addition, a non-corporate U.S. holder will be able to take a
qualified dividend into account in determining its deductible investment
interest (which is generally limited to its net investment income) only if it
elects to do so, in which case the dividend will be taxed at ordinary income
rates. Corporate holders will not be allowed a deduction for dividends received
in respect of our ordinary shares. Dividends on our ordinary shares
will be foreign source passive income (or in some cases, general category
income) for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Distributions in excess of
earnings and profits will be applied against and will reduce, on a
share-by-share basis, the U.S. holder’s basis in the ordinary shares and, to the
extent in excess of that basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or
exchange of ordinary shares. The amount of a distribution paid to
a U.S. holder in a foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign
currency calculated by reference to the spot exchange rate on the day the U.S.
holder receives the distribution. A U.S. holder that receives a foreign currency
distribution and converts the foreign currency into U.S. dollars after receipt
will have foreign exchange gain or loss based
on any appreciation or depreciation in the value of the foreign currency against
the U.S. dollar, which will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 117 U.S. holders will
have the option of claiming the amount of any Israeli income taxes withheld at
source either as a deduction from gross income or as a dollar-for-dollar credit
against their U.S. federal income tax liability. Individuals who do not claim
itemized deductions, but instead utilize the standard deduction, may not claim a
deduction for the amount of the Israeli income taxes withheld, but the amount
may be claimed as a credit against the individual’s U.S. federal income tax
liability. The amount of foreign income taxes that may be claimed as a credit in
any year is generally subject to complex limitations and restrictions, which
must be determined on an individual basis by each shareholder. Those limitations
include the provisions described in the following paragraphs, as well as rules
that limit foreign tax credits allowable for a class of income to the U.S.
federal income taxes otherwise payable on the net income in that
class. A U.S. holder will be denied a foreign tax credit for Israeli income tax
withheld from dividends received on our ordinary shares: if the U.S. holder has not held the ordinary
 shares for at least 16 days of the 30-day period beginning on the date that is
 15 days before the ex-dividend date; or to the extent that the U.S. holder is under an
 obligation to make related payments on substantially similar or related
 property. Any days during which a U.S. holder has substantially diminished its risk
of loss on the ordinary shares are not counted toward meeting the 16-day holding
period required by the statute. A foreign tax credit for the Israeli tax can be
deferred if the U.S. holder enters into certain types of arrangements to defer
inclusion of the related dividend in income for tax purposes. Taxation of the Disposition of
Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion below under “Tax Consequences if We Are a
Passive Foreign Investment Company,” upon the sale, exchange or other taxable
disposition of our ordinary shares, a U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or
loss in an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. holder’s basis in the
ordinary shares, which is usually the cost to the U.S. holder of the shares, and
the amount realized on the disposition. Capital gain from the sale, exchange or
other disposition of ordinary shares held more than one year is long-term
capital gain and is eligible for a reduced rate of taxation in the case of
non-corporate taxpayers. Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder on the sale,
exchange or other disposition of ordinary shares generally will be treated as
U.S. source income or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. A U.S. holder that uses the cash method of accounting calculates the U.S.
dollar value of foreign currency proceeds received on a sale as of the date on
which the U.S. holder receives the foreign currency. However, a U.S. holder that
uses an accrual method of accounting is required to calculate the value of the
proceeds of the sale as of the date of sale and may therefore realize foreign
currency gain or loss on a subsequent disposition of the foreign currency based
on any subsequent appreciation or depreciation in the value of the foreign
currency against the U.S. dollar. That gain or loss will generally be U.S.
source ordinary income or loss. Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive
Foreign Investment Company We will be a passive foreign investment company, to which we refer as a
PFIC, if 75% or more of our gross income in a taxable year, including our pro
rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which we are considered to
own 25% or more of the shares by value (subject to certain exceptions in the
case of a U.S. corporation), is passive income. Alternatively, we will be
considered to be a PFIC if at least 50% of our assets in a taxable year,
ordinarily determined based on the quarter-end average fair market value of our
assets over the taxable year and including the pro rata share of the assets of
any corporation in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by
value (subject to certain exceptions in the case of a U.S. corporation), produce
or are held for the production of passive income. 118 If we were a PFIC, and a U.S. holder did not make, as described below, a
timely election either to treat us as a qualified electing fund or, if the
election is available, to mark our shares to market, any excess distributions we
pay to a U.S. holder would be taxed in a
special way. Excess distributions are amounts paid on shares in a PFIC in any
taxable year that exceed 125% of the average distributions paid on those shares
in the shorter of: the three previous years; and the U.S. holder’s holding period for ordinary
 shares before the present taxable year. Excess distributions must be allocated ratably to each day that a U.S.
holder has held our ordinary shares. A U.S. holder would then be required to
include amounts allocated to the current taxable year and each prior year in
which we were not a PFIC (but not before our first taxable year beginning after
December 31, 1986) in its gross income as ordinary income for the current year.
Further, a U.S. holder would be required to pay tax on amounts allocated to each
prior taxable year in which we were a PFIC at the highest rate in effect for
that year on ordinary income, and the tax for each such year would be subject to
an interest charge at the rate applicable to deficiencies for income
tax. The entire amount of gain that is realized or treated as realized by a
U.S. holder upon the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares (generally
whether or not the disposition is a taxable transaction) will also be treated as
an excess distribution and will be subject to tax as described in the preceding
paragraph. In some circumstances a U.S. holder’s tax basis in our ordinary shares
that were inherited from a deceased person who was a U.S. holder would not equal
the fair market value of those ordinary shares as of the date of the deceased
person’s death but would instead be equal to the deceased’s basis, if
lower. The special PFIC rules described above will not apply to a U.S. holder if
that U.S. holder makes an election to treat us as a qualified electing fund, to
which we refer as a QEF, in the first taxable year in which the U.S. holder owns
ordinary shares, provided we comply with specified reporting requirements.
Instead, a U.S. holder who has made such a QEF election is required for each
taxable year in which we are a PFIC to include in income a pro rata share of our
ordinary earnings as ordinary income and a pro rata share of our net capital
gain as long-term capital gain, subject to a separate election to defer payment
of the related tax. If deferred, the taxes will be subject to an interest
charge. We would supply U.S. holders with the information needed to report
income and gain under a QEF election if we were classified as a PFIC. The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and can be
revoked only with the consent of the Internal Revenue Service, to which we refer
as the IRS. A shareholder makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form
8621, including the PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S.
federal income tax return and by filing a copy of the form with the IRS Service
Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Even if a QEF election is not made, a
United States person who is a shareholder in a PFIC must file every year a
completed IRS Form 8621 or other form as may be prescribed by the IRS pursuant
to recently enacted legislation requiring annual reports with respect to
PFICs. A U.S. holder of PFIC shares that are publicly traded may elect to mark
the stock to market annually, recognizing as ordinary income or loss each year
an amount equal to the difference as of the close of the taxable year between
the fair market value of the PFIC shares and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax
basis in the PFIC shares. Losses would be allowed only to the extent of net
mark-to-market gain previously included in income by the U.S. holder under the
election for prior taxable years. If the mark-to-market election were made, then
the rules described above (other than the rules for excess distributions, which
would apply to the first year the election is made if we were a PFIC in a prior
year and a QEF election were not made for the first year we were a PFIC) would
not apply for periods covered by the election. At this time, however, our
ordinary shares are not publicly traded, and therefore this election is not
currently available to a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares. Although we do not believe that we were a PFIC in 2012, we cannot assure
you that the IRS will agree with that conclusion or that we will not become a
PFIC in 2013 or in a subsequent year. The tests for determining PFIC status are
applied annually, and it is difficult to make accurate predictions of future
income and assets, which are relevant to this determination. U.S. holders who
hold ordinary shares during a period when we are a PFIC will be subject to these
rules, even if we cease to be a PFIC in later years, subject to specified
exceptions for U.S. holders who made a QEF election in the first year they held
our ordinary shares and we were a PFIC or if in a later year they made any of
certain elections to purge the PFIC taint of our ordinary shares, which
elections generally require the payment of tax. U.S. holders are urged to
consult their tax advisers about the PFIC rules, including QEF and
mark-to-market elections. 119 New Tax on Investment
Income For taxable years
beginning after December 31, 2012, a U.S. holder that is an individual or
estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is
exempt from the tax, will be subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S.
holder’s “net investment income” for the relevant taxable year and (2) the
excess of the U.S. holder’s modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year
over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals will be between
$125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual’s circumstances). A U.S.
holder’s net investment income generally will include its dividends on our
ordinary shares and net gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares, unless
those dividends or gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of
trade or business (other than trade or business that consists of certain passive
or trading activities). Net investment income, however, may be reduced by
deductions properly allocable to that income. A U.S. holder that is an
individual, estate or trust is urged to consult its tax adviser regarding the
applicability of the Medicare tax to its income and gains in respect of its
investment in our ordinary shares. Tax Consequences for Non-U.S.
Holders of Ordinary Shares Except as described in “Information Reporting and Backup Withholding”
below, a non-U.S. holder of ordinary shares will not be subject to U.S. federal
income or withholding tax on the payment of dividends on, and the proceeds from
the disposition of, ordinary shares, unless: the income is effectively connected with the
 conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business in the United States
 and, in the case of a resident of a country that has an income treaty with the
 United States, the income is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment,
 or, in the case of an individual, a fixed place of business in the United
 States; the non-U.S. holder is an individual who holds the
 ordinary shares as a capital asset and is present in the United States for 183
 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition and does not qualify for
 an exemption; or the non-U.S. holder is subject to tax under the
 provisions of U.S. tax law applicable to U.S. expatriates. A non-U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares that is
(1) a nonresident alien as to the United States for U.S. federal income tax
purposes; (2) a corporation created or organized in or under the law of a
country, or any of its political subdivisions, other than the United States; or
(3) an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder. Information Reporting and Backup
Withholding U.S. holders generally are subject to information reporting requirements
for dividends paid in the United States on ordinary shares. Dividends paid in
the United States to a U.S. holder on ordinary shares are subject to backup
withholding at a rate of 28% (for taxable years through 2013) unless the U.S.
holder provides IRS Form W-9 or establishes an exemption. U.S. holders generally
are subject to information reporting and backup withholding at a rate of 28% on
proceeds paid from the disposition of ordinary shares unless the U.S. holder
provides IRS Form W-9 or establishes an exemption. A non-U.S. holder who effects the sale of his ordinary shares by or
through a U.S. office of a broker is subject to both information reporting and
backup withholding tax on the payment of the proceeds unless he certifies, under
penalties of perjury, that he is not a U.S. person or otherwise establishes an
exemption. If a non-U.S. holder sells his ordinary shares through a non-U.S.
office of a non-U.S. broker and the sales proceeds are paid to the holder
outside the United States, then information reporting and backup withholding
generally will not apply to that payment. However, information reporting
requirements, but not backup withholding, will apply to a payment of sales
proceeds, even if that payment is made to a non-U.S. holder outside the United
States, if the holder sells his ordinary shares through a non-U.S. office of a
broker that is a U.S. person or has some other contacts with the United States.
Those information reporting requirements will not apply, however, if the broker
has documentary evidence in its records that the holder is a non-U.S. person and
certain other conditions are met, or the holder otherwise establishes an
exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any
backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. or non-U.S.
holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, and a taxpayer generally may obtain
a refund of any amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules that exceed the taxpayer’s U.S. federal income tax liability
by filing a refund claim with the IRS, provided in each case that required
information is furnished to the IRS. 120 Information Reporting by Certain U.S.
Holders U.S. citizens and
individuals taxable as resident aliens of the United States that own “specified
foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in a taxable year in excess of
$50,000 (as determined under rules in new temporary Treasury regulations) and
that are required to file a U.S. federal income tax return generally will be
required to file an information report with respect to those assets with their
tax returns. IRS Form 8938 has been issued for that purpose. “Specified foreign
financial assets” include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial
institutions, foreign stocks held directly, and interests in foreign estates,
foreign pension plans or foreign deferred compensation plans. Under those rules,
our ordinary shares, whether owned directly or through a financial institution,
estate or pension or deferred compensation plan, would be “specified foreign
financial assets”. Under proposed Treasury regulations, the reporting obligation
applies to certain U.S. entities that hold, directly or indirectly, specified
foreign financial assets. Penalties can apply if there is a failure to satisfy
this reporting obligation. A U.S. Holder is urged to consult his tax adviser
regarding his reporting obligation. F. Dividends and Paying
Agents. Not applicable. G. Statement by Experts. Not applicable. H. Documents on Display. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. In
accordance with these requirements, we are required to file reports and other
information with the SEC. You may read and copy these materials, including this
annual report and the accompanying exhibits and reports and other information
that we have previously filed, at the public reference facilities maintained by
the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain
information on the operation of the public reference room by calling
1(800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet Site at http://www.sec.gov that
contains reports and other information that we file electronically. The reports
and other information filed by us with the SEC are also available at our
websites, www.stratasys.com and www.objet.com. The web addresses of the SEC and
our company have been included as inactive textual references only. Information
on those websites is not part of this annual report. In addition, documents
referred to in this annual report may be inspected at the offices of the NASDAQ
Global Select Market, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. You can also obtain
copies of reports and other information that we file electronically, without
charge, by requesting them in writing or by telephone from our company at the
following address: Stratasys Ltd. c/o Stratasys,
Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie,
Minnesota 55344 Attention: Shane Glenn, Vice
President of Investor Relations Tel: (952) 937-3000 As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the
Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our
officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and
“short-swing” profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange
Act. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to file periodic
reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as
United States companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange
Act. I. Subsidiary
Information. Not Applicable. 121 ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Market risk is
the risk of loss related to changes in market prices, including interest rates
and foreign exchange rates, of financial instruments that may adversely impact
our consolidated balance sheets , statements of operations or cash
flows. Foreign Currency Exchange
Risk Due to our international operations, currency exchange rates impact our
financial performance. The majority of our balance sheet exposure relates to Euro-denominated
assets and liabilities. Our net Euro balance sheet exposure as of December 31,
2013 was approximately €40.0 million. Our total revenues amounted to $484.4 million in 2013, of which
approximately 17.1% were denominated in Euros. During 2013, our Euro-denominated
revenues exceeded our Euro-denominated expenses. Conversely, our expenses
denominated in shekels are higher than our expected shekel-denominated revenues.
For those currencies which do not have a sufficient natural hedge within our
operations (such as offsetting revenues and expenses recorded in a given
currency, or some other hedge), we may choose to hedge in order to reduce the
impact of currency fluctuations on our operating results. In 2013, we entered
into hedging transactions to reduce the potential exposure resulting from the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and strengthening of the
shekel against the U.S. dollar. Our foreign exchange forward contracts in effect
as of December 31, 2013 were for the conversion of $54.0 million into €40.3
million Euros, and the conversion of $18.3 million into NIS 65.0
million. The net effect of these risks stemming from currency exchange rate
fluctuations on our operating results can be quantified as follows: (i) An increase of 10% in the value of the Euro relative to the U.S.
dollar in 2013 would have resulted in an increase in the U.S. dollar reporting
value of our consolidated operating income of $6.2 million for that year, mainly
due to the increase in dollar value of products and services revenues earned in
Euros, while a decrease of 10% in the value of the Euro relative to the U.S.
dollar in 2013 would have resulted in a decrease in the U.S. dollar reporting
value of our consolidated operating income of $6.2 million for 2013, reflecting
the decreased dollar value of products and services revenues earned in
Euros. (ii) An increase of 10% in the value of the shekel relative to the dollar
in the year ended December 31, 2013 would have resulted in a net decrease in the
dollar-reported value of our consolidated operating income of $12.0 million, due
to the adverse impact to our operating margins that we would have experienced as
a result of such an increase in dollar-reported value of shekel-recorded
expenses. On the other hand, a 10% decrease in value of the shekel relative to
the dollar in the year ended December 31, 2013 would have caused a net increase
in the dollar-reported value of our consolidated operating income of $12.0
million for 2013, due to the favorable effect on our operating margins that
would result from such devaluation of the shekel. We will continue to monitor exposure to currency fluctuations.
Instruments that may be used to protect us against future risks may include
foreign currency forward and swap contracts. These instruments may be used to
selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully
protected against material foreign currency fluctuations. We do not use
derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Interest
Rate Risk Our cash and cash equivalent investments are held primarily in short-term
bank deposits with maturities of less than 90 days. These are subject to limited
interest rate risk. A 10% change in interest rates would not have a material
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our short- and
long-term investments consist of short-term bank deposits, which bear interest
at a rate of 0.44%. As of December 31, 2013, we did not draw any amount under
the credit facility. An immediate 10% change in interest rates would have no
material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 122 ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN
EQUITY SECURITIES. Not
Applicable. PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND
DELINQUENCIES . None ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS
OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS. None ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES . [MUST MAKE SURE THE PWC REVIEWS
THIS TOO] (a) Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act),
as of December 31, 2013, the end of the period covered by this annual report. We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the
information required to be disclosed by us in filings and submissions under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified by the SEC’s rules and forms, and that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2013. (b) Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting; Report of Stratasys Management on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . Our board of directors and
management are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to
provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation
of its published consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. MakerBot's internal control over
financial reporting was not included in that assessment due to the acquisition
occurring in the second half of 2013. In making our assessment, our management
used the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992).
Based on such assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31,
2013, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those
criteria. 123 (c) Attestation Report of Registered
Public Accounting Firm . The effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has
been audited by Kesselman & Kesselman, an independent registered public
accounting firm in Israel and a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited (“ PwC ”), as stated in its attestation report which is included under “Item
18—Financial Statements” on page F-2 of this annual report. (d) Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Based on the evaluation conducted by our management, with the
participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) promulgated under the Exchange Act,
our management (including such officers) have concluded that there were the
following changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the
period covered by this annual report that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting: During the year ended December 31, 2012, we completed the Stratasys-Objet
merger. As part of our ongoing activities after the merger in the year ended
December 31, 2013, we continued to integrate our financial reporting functions
and our controls and procedures between our legacy Stratasys, Inc. and Objet
businesses. We also augmented our company-wide controls to reflect the risks
inherent in a business combination of the magnitude and complexity of the
merger Other than as described in the foregoing paragraph, there were no other
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during
the year ended December 31, 2013 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL
EXPERT. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Eyal Desheh, who serves as
chairman of the audit committee of our board of directors, meets the
requirements of an “audit committee financial expert”, as defined in Item
407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K and Item 16A of SEC Form 20-F and is an
independent director, as defined in Rule 5600(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing
Rules. ITEM 16B. CODE OF
ETHICS. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, to which we refer
as the code of ethics, that applies to all directors, officers, and employees of
our company and its subsidiaries, including our chief executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and
other persons performing similar functions for us. A copy of the code of ethics
has been posted on our Internet website,
http://investors.stratasys.com/governance.cfm and is incorporated herein by
reference. The foregoing website has been provided as an inactive textual
reference only, and the content of that website is not a part of this annual
report. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, the fees billed to us and our subsidiaries by our principal accountants. (1) Year ended December 31,
2013 | 2012
Audit fees (2) | $ | 625,236 | $ | 555,061
Audit-related fees (3) | 328,567 | 32,855
Tax fees (4) | 381,785 | 30,000
All other fees (5) | 274,577 | 4,900
Total | $ | 1,610,165 | $ | 622,816 124 ____________________ (1) | Comprises fees billed by Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm, or Kesselman & Kesselman (which served as the registrant’s principal accountant with respect to the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.
(2) | Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by our respective principal accountants in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and services that would normally be provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
(3) | Audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services rendered by our respective principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of their audit of our financial statements and that are not reported under “Audit-fees” above.
(4) | Tax fees are fees for services rendered by our respective principal accountants in connection with tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.
(5) | All other fees are fees for other consulting services (if any) rendered by our respective principal accountants to us. Pre-approval Policies and
Procedures Our audit
committee approves, in advance, all audit, audit-related services, tax services
and other services provided by our principal accountants. Any services provided
by our principal accountant that are not specifically included within the scope
of the audit must be pre-approved by our audit committee prior to any
engagement. None of the services provided by our principal accountants in 2013
or 2012 was approved under the de
minimus exception provision described in
paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of SEC Regulation S-X. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING
STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. None. ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. None. ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S
CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. Not
applicable. 125 ITEM 16G. CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. The NASDAQ Global
Select Market requires companies with securities listed thereon to comply with
its corporate governance standards. As a foreign private issuer, we are not
required to comply with all of the rules that apply to listed domestic U.S.
companies. Pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5615(a)(3), we have notified NASDAQ
that with respect to the corporate governance practices described below, we will
instead follow Israeli law and practice and accordingly will not follow the
NASDAQ Listing Rules. Except for the differences described below, we do not
believe there are any significant differences between our corporate governance
practices and those that apply to a U.S. domestic issuer under the NASDAQ Global
Select Market corporate governance rules. Executive Sessions of Independent
 Directors : Under the Companies Law, our
 independent directors (as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules) do not need
 to meet regularly in sessions at which only they are present, as is required
 of U.S. domestic issuers under NASDAQ Listing Rule
 5605(b)(2). Independent Director Oversight of Executive
 Officer Compensation : As described under
 Item 6.C (“Board Practices”— “Board of Directors”— “Board Committees”—
 “Compensation Policy and Committee”), under a recent amendment to the
 Companies Law, the compensation of our executives and other office holders is
 subject to a compensation policy and to the recommendations of a compensation
 committee of our board of directors that we have adopted and appointed,
 respectively. The required composition of that committee and the procedure for
 approval of compensation under that Companies Law amendment differ slightly
 from those under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(d), which requires that the
 compensation of executive officers be recommended or determined solely by
 independent directors or by a compensation committee of the board consisting
 solely of independent directors (as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules).
 While there is significant practical overlap as to who qualifies to serve on
 the compensation committee under the Companies Law and the NASDAQ Listing
 Rules, the requirements are not identical, and we comply with the Companies
 Law requirement. Independent Director Oversight of
 Nominations : Under Israeli law, there is no
 requirement to have an independent nominating committee or the independent
 directors of a company select (or recommend for selection) director nominees,
 as is required under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(e) for a U.S. domestic issuer.
 Our board of directors handles this process, as is permitted by our amended
 articles and the Companies Law. We also need not adopt a formal board
 resolution or charter addressing the director nominations process and such
 related matters as may be required under the U.S. federal securities laws, as
 NASDAQ requires for a U.S. issuer. Shareholder Approval : Pursuant to Israeli law, we seek shareholder approval for all
 corporate actions requiring such approval under the requirements of the
 Companies Law, which are different from, or in addition to, the requirements
 for seeking shareholder approval under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635. See “Item 6.
 Directors, Senior Management and Employees—C. Board Practices — Fiduciary
 Duties of Office Holders” in this annual report for a description of the some
 of the transactions requiring shareholder approval under the Companies
 Law. Distribution of Annual and Interim
 Reports : As opposed to NASDAQ Listing Rule
 5250(d), which requires listed issuers to make annual and quarterly reports
 available to shareholders in one of a number of specific manners, Israeli law
 does not require us to distribute such reports directly to shareholders, and
 the generally accepted business practice in Israel is not to distribute such
 reports to shareholders but to make such reports available through a public
 website. In addition, we will make our annual report containing audited
 financial statements available to our shareholders at our offices (in addition
 to a public website). We reserve the right to limit our mailing of such report
 to shareholders to an upon-request basis. ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. 126 PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. We have elected
to provide financial statements and related information pursuant to Item
18. 127 ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated financial statements and the related notes
required by this Item are included in this annual report beginning on page
F-1. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements | Page
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms | F-3 to F-4
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 | F-6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 | F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 | F-8
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-9 to F-42
Index to Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves | S-1 128 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2013 F-1 CONTENTS
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms | F-3 to F-4
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income | F-6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity | F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows | F-8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-9 to F-42
Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves | S-1 F-2 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders of Stratasys Ltd. In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Stratasys
Ltd. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012 listed in the accompanying index, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company's management and Board of Directors are responsible for these financial statements and the financial statement schedule, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying “ Report of Stratasys Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting ”
appearing under Item 15. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statements
schedule and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits (which was an integrated audit in
2013). We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management and Board of Directors and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As described in the accompanying “ Report of Stratasys Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting ” appearing
under Item 15, management has excluded Cooperation Technology Corporation (“MakerBot”) from its assessment of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business
combination during 2013. We have also excluded MakerBot from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. MakerBot is
a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 1.4% and 7.3% , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2013. /S/ Kesselman & Kesselman Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) A member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited Tel-Aviv , Israel March 3 , 2014 Kesselman & Kesselman, Trade Tower, 25 Hamered Street, Tel-Aviv 68125, Israel,
P.O Box 50oo5 Tel-Aviv 61500 Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il Kesselman & Kesselman is a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, each member firm of which is a separate legal entity F-3 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and
Shareholders Stratasys Ltd. We have audited the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in
equity and cash flows of Stratasys, Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) and
subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) for the year ended December 31, 2011.
Our audit of the basic financial statements included the financial statement
schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 18. These financial statements
and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements of Stratasys, Inc. and subsidiaries referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2011 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2011, when considered in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota
March 12, 2012 F-4 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31, | 2013 | 2012
in thousands
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 414,088 | $ | 133,826
Short-term bank deposits | 200,370 | 20,063
Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful
accounts of $1,804 at December 31, 2013
and $654 at December 31, 2012 | 99,200 | 64,678
Inventories | 88,406 | 67,995
Net investment in sales-type leases, less allowance
for doubtful accounts of $183 at December 31,
2013 and $301 at December 31, 2012 | 6,696 | 5,134
Prepaid expenses | 5,470 | 2,751
Deferred income taxes | 16,501 | 4,968
Other current assets | 21,398 | 23,863
Total current assets | 852,129 | 323,278
Non-current assets
Goodwill | 1,195,891 | 822,475
Other intangible assets, net | 622,330 | 510,372
Net investment in sales-type leases | 11,219 | 7,872
Amounts funded in respect of employee
rights upon retirement | 3,166 | 2,628
Property, plant and equipment, net | 91,005 | 62,070
Other non-current assets | 6,481 | 2,818
Total non-current assets | 1,930,092 | 1,408,235
Total assets | $ | 2,782,221 | $ | 1,731,513
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 35,375 | $ | 35,235
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 32,849 | 22,197
Accrued compensation and related benefits | 21,441 | 16,849
Earn-out obligation | 12,027 | -
Unearned revenues | 36,033 | 18,068
Total current liabilities | 137,725 | 92,349
Non-current liabilities
Employee rights upon retirement | 4,683 | 4,188
Earn-out obligation - long-term | 16,998 | -
Deferred tax liabilities | 105,901 | 54,693
Unearned revenues - long-term | 3,315 | 3,181
Other non-current liabilities | 13,812 | 4,946
Total liabilities | 282,434 | 159,357
Commitments and contingencies, see notes 9 and 13
Equity
Ordinary shares, NIS 0.01 nominal value, authorized 180,000
shares; 49,211 and 38,372 shares issued and outstanding
at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively | 133 | 101
Additional paid-in capital | 2,412,197 | 1,459,294
Retained earnings | 85,549 | 112,503
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) | 1,908 | (238 | )
Equity attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | 2,499,787 | 1,571,660
Non-controlling interest | - | 496
Total equity | 2,499,787 | 1,572,156
Total liabilities and equity | $ | 2,782,221 | $ | 1,731,513
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. /s/ S. Scott Crump | /s/ David Reis | /s/ Erez Simha
S. Scott Crump | David Reis | Erez Simha
Chairman of the Board | Chief Executive Officer | Chief Financial Officer F-5 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
Years Ended December 31, | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
in thousands, except per share data
Net sales
Products | $ | 414,853 | $ | 179,762 | $ | 127,476
Services | 69,550 | 35,482 | 28,418
484,403 | 215,244 | 155,894
Cost of sales
Products | 213,427 | 86,742 | 61,545
Services | 44,803 | 18,591 | 11,945
258,230 | 105,333 | 73,490
Gross profit | 226,173 | 109,911 | 82,404
Operating expenses
Research and development, net | 52,310 | 19,659 | 14,360
Selling, general and administrative | 202,040 | 73,130 | 39,038
Change in fair value of earn-out obligations | 754 | - | -
255,104 | 92,789 | 53,398
Operating income (loss) | (28,931 | ) | 17,122 | 29,006
Other income (expense) | (450 | ) | 1,388 | 2,346
Income (loss) before income taxes | (29,381 | ) | 18,510 | 31,352
Income taxes (benefit) | (2,474 | ) | 9,687 | 10,726
Net income (loss) | $ | (26,907 | ) | $ | 8,823 | $ | 20,626
Net income attributable to non-controlling interest | 47 | 332 | -
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (26,954 | ) | $ | 8,491 | $ | 20,626
Net income (loss) per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd.
Basic | $ | (0.64 | ) | $ | 0.37 | $ | 0.98
Diluted | $ | (0.68 | ) | $ | 0.36 | $ | 0.95
Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
Basic | 42,079 | 22,812 | 21,133
Diluted | 42,099 | 23,776 | 21,653
Comprehensive Income
Net income (loss) | $ | (26,907 | ) | $ | 8,823 | $ | 20,626
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Unrealized loss on securities, net of tax | - | (167 | ) | -
Foreign currency translation adjustment | 2,036 | (71 | ) | 47
Fair value adjustment on derivatives designated as
cash flow hedges, net of tax | 153 | - | -
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax | 2,189 | (238 | ) | 47
Comprehensive income (loss) | (24,718 | ) | 8,585 | 20,673
Less: comprehensive income attributable to
non-controlling interest | 90 | 233 | -
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (24,808 | ) | $ | 8,352 | $ | 20,673 See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. F-6 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011
in thousands Accumulated
Additional | Other | Equity
Ordinary Shares | Paid-In | Retained | Comprehensive | attributable to | Non-controlling | Total
Shares | Amount | Capital | Earnings | Income (Loss) | Stratasys Ltd. | Interest | Equity
Balances, January 1, 2011 | $ | 20,822 | $ | 54 | $ | 68,988 | $ | 83,386 | $ | (146 | ) | $ | 152,282 | $ | 152,282
Exercise of stock options | 424 | 1 | 6,148 | 6,149 | 6,149
Tax benefit from stock plan | 2,620 | 2,620 | 2,620
Stock-based compensation | 1,587 | 1,587 | 1,587
Comprehensive income | 20,626 | 47 | 20,673 | 20,673
Balances, December 31, 2011 | 21,246 | 55 | 79,343 | 104,012 | (99 | ) | 183,311 | - | 183,311
Exercise of stock options and warrant | 1,681 | 4 | 15,293 | 15,297 | 15,297
Tax benefit from stock plan and warrant | 15,192 | 15,192 | 15,192
Stock-based compensation | 8,874 | 8,874 | 8,874
Issuance of shares for acquisition | 15,445 | 42 | 1,340,592 | 1,340,634 | 263 | 1,340,897
Comprehensive income (loss) | 8,491 | (139 | ) | 8,352 | 233 | 8,585
Balances, December 31, 2012 | 38,372 | 101 | 1,459,294 | 112,503 | (238 | ) | 1,571,660 | 496 | 1,572,156
Exercise of stock options | 1,742 | 4 | 12,447 | 12,451 | 12,451
Tax benefit from stock plan and warrant | 643 | 643 | 643
Stock-based compensation | 24,262 | 24,262 | 24,262
Issuance of shares, net | 5,175 | 15 | 463,893 | 463,908 | 463,908
Issuance of shares for acquisition | 3,922 | 13 | 453,204 | 453,217 | 453,217
Acquisition of non-controlling interest | (1,546 | ) | (1,546 | ) | (586 | ) | (2,132 | )
Comprehensive income (loss) | (26,954 | ) | 2,146 | (24,808 | ) | 90 | (24,718 | )
Balances, December 31, 2013 | $ | 49,211 | $ | 133 | $ | 2,412,197 | $ | 85,549 | $ | 1,908 | $ | 2,499,787 | $ | - | $ | 2,499,787 See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-7 STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
in thousands
Years ended December 31, | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income (loss) | $ | (26,907 | ) | $ | 8,823 | $ | 20,626
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization | 92,436 | 19,497 | 10,348
Stock-based compensation | 24,262 | 8,874 | 1,587
Deferred income taxes | (19,449 | ) | (2,266 | ) | (113 | )
Excess tax benefit from stock options and warrant | (2,817 | ) | (15,192 | ) | (2,620 | )
Other non-cash items | (769 | ) | (461 | ) | (1,987 | )
Change in cash attributable to changes in
operating assets and liabilities, net of the impact
of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable, net | (30,350 | ) | (28,502 | ) | (5,739 | )
Inventories | (27,102 | ) | (7,724 | ) | (5,846 | )
Net investment in sales-type leases | (4,909 | ) | (4,216 | ) | (2,625 | )
Prepaid expenses | (1,191 | ) | 1,534 | 1,438
Other non-current assets | (1,625 | ) | (1,072 | ) | 290
Accounts payable and other current liabilities | 5,481 | 21,340 | 6,538
Unearned revenues | 11,601 | 222 | 615
Non-current liabilities | 13,368 | 637 | -
Net cash provided by operating activities | 32,029 | 1,494 | 22,512
Cash flows from investing activities
Change in short-term bank deposits, net | (180,307 | ) | 9,999 | -
Purchase of property and equipment | (33,276 | ) | (12,057 | ) | (12,849 | )
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired | (8,758 | ) | - | (38,559 | )
Acquisition of intangible and other assets | (4,663 | ) | (3,018 | ) | (4,318 | )
Other investing activities | 253 | 110 | -
Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities | - | 53,367 | 35,675
Cash acquired through merger with Objet Ltd. | - | 41,524 | -
Purchase of investments | - | (8,407 | ) | (18,755 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | (226,751 | ) | 81,518 | (38,806 | )
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from follow-on offering, net of issuance costs
of $18,404 | 462,872 | - | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrant | 12,451 | 15,297 | 6,149
Excess tax benefit from stock options and warrant | 2,817 | 15,192 | 2,620
Other financing activities | (3,225 | ) | - | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | 474,915 | 30,489 | 8,769
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash | 69 | 233 | 63
Net change in cash and cash equivalents | 280,262 | 113,734 | (7,462 | )
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 133,826 | 20,092 | 27,554
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 414,088 | $ | 133,826 | $ | 20,092
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid for taxes | $ | 3,300 | $ | 8,169 | $ | 6,043
Transfer of fixed assets to inventory | 316 | 96 | 213
Transfer of inventory to fixed assets | 6,279 | 2,787 | 2,747
Acquisition of non controlling interest | 2,132 | - | -
Fair value of assets acquired | 48,191
Less liabilities assumed | (9,092 | )
Net acquired assets | 39,099
Less cash acquired | (540 | )
Acquisition of Solidscape, Inc., net of cash acquired | $ | 38,559
Fair value of assets acquired | 1,456,924
Less liabilities assumed | (116,027 | )
Net acquired assets | 1,340,897
Less cash acquired | (41,524 | )
Merger with Objet Ltd., net of cash acquired | $ | 1,299,373
Fair value of assets acquired, including $3,405 of cash | 573,604
Less liabilities assumed | (79,954 | )
Net acquired assets | 493,650
Cash paid | 12,163
Shares and other consideration | 481,487
493,650 See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. F-8 Note 1. Nature of Operations and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations Stratasys Ltd. and subsidiaries
(collectively the “Company”) is a leading global provider of additive
manufacturing (“AM”) solutions for the creation of parts used in the processes
of designing and manufacturing products and for the direct manufacture of end
parts. The Company’s systems include desktop 3D printers for idea and design
development, various systems for rapid prototyping (“RP”) and large production
systems for direct digital manufacturing (“DDM”). The Company also develops,
manufactures and sells materials for use with its systems and provides various
services to its customers. The Company is the result of the 2012
merger of two AM companies, Stratasys Inc. and Objet Ltd. (“Objet”). On December
1, 2012 (the “merger date”), the two companies completed an all-stock merger
(the “Stratasys-Objet merger” or “the merger”), pursuant to which Stratasys Inc.
became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet, and Objet changed its name
to Stratasys Ltd. Upon closing of the merger, the former
Stratasys Inc. stockholders owned approximately 55 percent and the Objet
shareholders retained approximately 45 percent of the combined company, on a
fully diluted basis. Accordingly, while Objet was the legal acquirer, Stratasys
Inc. was treated as the acquiring company in the merger for accounting purposes,
and the merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the acquisition
method of accounting for business combinations. As a result, the financial
statements of the Company prior to the merger date are the historical financial
statements of Stratasys Inc., whereas the financial statements of the Company
after the merger date reflect the results of the operations of Stratasys Inc.
and Objet on a combined basis. See additional disclosure provided in note 2,
including pro forma financial information for the Company on a combined basis. The Company has one reportable segment,
which generates revenues via the sale of its 3D printing systems and related
consumables and by providing support services. The Company’s chief operating
decision-maker evaluates performance, makes operating decisions and allocates
resources based on financial data consistent with the presentation in the
accompanying financial statements. The Company operates mainly through offices
in Israel, the United States, Germany, Italy, Hong Kong and Japan. Entity-wide
disclosures on net sales and property, plant and equipment are presented in note
14. Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Stratasys Ltd. and its subsidiaries. All
intercompany accounts and transactions, including profits from intercompany
sales not yet realized outside the Company, have been eliminated in
consolidation. Functional Currency and Foreign
Currency Transactions A major part of the Company’s operations
are carried out by the Company and its subsidiaries in the United States and
Israel. The functional currency of these entities is the U.S. dollar. The
functional currency of other subsidiaries is generally their local currency. The
financial statements of those subsidiaries are included in consolidation, based
on translation into U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated at
year-end exchange rates, while revenues and expenses are translated at actual
exchange rates during the year. Differences resulting from translation are
presented in equity, under accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains and
losses on foreign currency transactions and exchange gains and losses
denominated in non-functional currencies are reflected in other income (expense)
in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income when they
arise. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates using assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates, and such differences may have a material impact on the
Company’s financial statements. F-9 As applicable to these consolidated
financial statements, the most significant estimates relate to revenue
recognition, inventories, valuation and assumptions underlying stock-based
compensation, earn-out and performance bonus obligations, purchase price
allocation on acquisitions, useful life of intangible assets, uncertain tax
positions and contingent liabilities. Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments, which
include short-term bank deposits that are not restricted as to withdrawal or
use, and debt instruments purchased with maturities of three months or less when
acquired are considered to be cash equivalents. Short-term Bank Deposits Short-term bank deposits are deposits with
maturities of more than three months and up to one year when acquired.
Short-term bank deposits are presented at their cost, including accrued
interest. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the exit price,
or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the
measurement date. A hierarchy has been established for inputs used in measuring
fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of
unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when
available. Observable inputs are inputs market
participants would use in valuing the asset or liability developed based on
market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable
inputs are inputs that reflect the Company’s assumptions about the factors
market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability developed based
upon the best information available under the circumstances. The hierarchy is
broken down into three levels. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs include
quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active,
and inputs (other than quoted prices) that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. Valuation techniques used for level 3 assets or
liabilities include probability-weighed models. Categorization within the
valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. Accounts Receivable and investment in
sales-type leases The Company carries its accounts
receivable at cost less an allowance for doubtful accounts. A trade receivable
is considered to be past due if the receivable balance is outstanding beyond
terms identified on the customer’s purchase order and accepted by the Company. A
sales-type lease receivable is considered to be past due if the receivable
balance is outstanding beyond terms identified in the lease. On a periodic
basis, the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an
allowance for doubtful accounts based on past write-offs and collections and
current credit conditions. The Company evaluates a number of factors to assess
collectability, including an evaluation of the creditworthiness of the specific
customer, past due amounts, payment history, and current economic conditions. It
is reasonably possible that the Company’s estimate of the allowance for doubtful
accounts will change. Accounts are written-off against the allowance when
management deems the accounts are no longer collectible. Derivative Instruments and Hedge
Accounting As part of the Company’s risk management
strategy, it uses foreign currency exchange forward contracts to hedge against
certain foreign currency exposures. The Company recognizes these derivative
instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
at their fair value on a trade date basis. Derivatives in a gain position are
reported in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets and
derivatives in a loss position are recorded in other current liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets. F-10 On the date that the Company enters into a
derivative contract, it designates the derivative for accounting purposes, as
either a hedging instrument or a non-hedging instrument. In order to qualify for
hedge accounting, the Company formally documents at the inception of each
hedging relationship the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the risk
management objective and strategy for undertaking each hedging relationship, and
the method used to assess hedge effectiveness. If a derivative financial instrument does
not qualify for hedge accounting, the Company records the changes in fair value
of derivative instruments in other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income. During 2013, the Company entered into
short term cash flow hedge transactions to reduce its exposure resulting mainly
from payroll costs denominated in New Israeli Shekels. For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or
loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) in shareholders’ equity and reclassified
into income in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative
instrument, if any, is recognized in other income (expense). Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of
cost or market value. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates
actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist of
material, direct labor and overhead. The Company periodically assesses inventory
for obsolescence and excess and reduces the carrying value by an amount equal to
the difference between its cost and the estimated market value based on
assumptions about future demand and historical sales patterns. Inventories acquired in a business
combination are stepped-up to their estimated fair value less costs and profit
for sales efforts and amortized to cost of sales as that inventory is sold. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment is stated at
cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and
amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, or in the case of leasehold improvements, the
shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations, while betterments and improvements are
capitalized. F-11 Depreciation lives are as
follows: Years
Machinery and equipment | 1-10
Buildings and improvements | 5-30
Computer equipment and software | 3-5
Office equipment | 5-14
Furniture and fixtures | 1-10 Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess of the
consideration paid or transferred plus the fair value of any earn-out in the
arrangement and the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
at the acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable net assets
acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment annually
at the reporting unit level, or whenever events or circumstances present an
indication of impairment. The Company applies the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance when testing goodwill for
impairment, which permits the Company to make a qualitative assessment of
whether goodwill is impaired, or opt to bypass the qualitative assessment and
proceed directly to performing the first step of the two-step impairment test.
If the Company performs a qualitative assessment and concludes that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying
value, goodwill is not considered impaired and the two-step impairment test is
unnecessary. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, it is then required to
perform the first step of the two-step impairment test. The first step involves comparing the fair
value of a company’s reporting units to their carrying amount. If the fair value
of the reporting unit is determined to be greater than its carrying amount,
there is no impairment. If the reporting unit’s carrying amount is determined to
be greater than the fair value, the second step must be completed to measure the
amount of impairment. Step two calculates the implied fair value of
goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets,
excluding goodwill, of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting
unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in this
step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of
the goodwill is less than the carrying value of the goodwill, an impairment loss
equivalent to the difference is recorded. The evaluation of goodwill impairment
requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life
of the asset being evaluated that include, among others, growth in revenues,
margins realized, level of operating expenses and cost of capital. These
assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ from
assumed and estimated amounts. During the third quarter of 2013, the
Company changed its annual goodwill impairment testing date from December 31 to
October 1 of each year. This change ensures the completion of the annual
goodwill impairment test prior to the end of the annual reporting period,
thereby aligning impairment testing procedures with the Company’s budget and
forecasting processes and with year-end financial reporting. Accordingly,
management considers this accounting change preferable. At October 1, 2013, the
Company performed the qualitative test for goodwill, based on the reporting
units to which the goodwill is allocated and concluded that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeds their carrying
value. Therefore, the Company did not perform the two-step impairment test.
Important qualitative factors assessed included the overall current and planned
financial performance of the reporting units. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges related to
goodwill during 2013, 2012 and 2011. F-12 Other Intangible Assets Other intangible assets and their
amortization lives are as follows: Weighted Average
Useful Life
Developed technology | 9
Patents | 10
Trademarks and trade names | 11
Customer relationships | 10
Non-compete agreement | 4
Capitalized software development costs | 5
In-process research and development | Indefinite Other intangible assets primarily
represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology, trade
names, customer relationships and in-process research and development
(“IPR&D”). Definite life intangible assets are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of useful life which is
determined by identifying the period over which most of the cash flows are
expected to be generated. Amortization of acquired developed technology is
recorded in cost of sales. Amortization of trade name, customer relationships
and non-compete agreement is recorded in selling, general and administrative
expenses. The Company capitalizes IPR&D projects acquired as part of a
business combination. On successful completion of each project, IPR&D assets are
reclassified to developed technology and amortized over their estimated useful
lives. Impairment in Value of Long-Lived
Assets Long-lived definite tangible and intangible
assets, held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets (or asset group)
may not be recoverable. In the event that the sum of the expected future cash
flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the long-lived assets (or
asset group) is less than the carrying amount of such assets, an impairment
charge would be recognized, and the assets (or asset group) would be written
down to their estimated fair values. Based on the Company’s assessment as of
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, no triggering event for impairment consideration occurred. The Company applies the FASB guidance when
testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, which permits the
Company to make a qualitative assessment of whether the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired, or opt to bypass the qualitative assessment and
proceed directly to performing the first step of the two-step impairment test.
If the Company determines, based on the qualitative tests, that it is not more
likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, than no
further action is required. During the third quarter of 2013, we changed our annual impairment testing date for indefinite-lived intangibles from December 31
to October 1 of each year. This change ensures the completion of the annual impairment test prior to the end of the annual
reporting period, thereby aligning impairment testing procedures with our budget and forecasting processes and with year-end financial reporting.
Accordingly, management considers this accounting change preferable. At October 1, 2013 the Company performed
the qualitative test for indefinite-lived intangible assets and concluded that
it was not necessary to perform the two-step impairment test. Important
qualitative factors included the current status of the IPR&D projects that
represent those intangible assets. The Company did not recognize any impairment
charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets during 2013, 2012 and
2011. The qualitative evaluation of indefinite-lived
intangible asset impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about
future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated that include, among
others, growth in revenues, margins realized, level of operating expenses and
cost of capital. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual
results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. F-13 Contingent Liabilities Certain conditions, such as legal
proceedings, may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, that
may result in a loss to the Company, but that will only be resolved when one or
more future events occur or fail to occur. In assessing loss contingencies
related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted
claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s management evaluates
the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as
the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought.
Such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. Legal fees are
expensed as incurred. Management applies the FASB guidance when assessing losses resulting from
contingencies. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable
that loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated,
then the Company would record an accrued expense in the Company’s financial
statements. The estimated liability if the assessment indicates that a potential
loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but
cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with
an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable, is
disclosed. Loss contingencies considered to be remote
by management are generally not disclosed unless material or they involve
guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be disclosed. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenue from sales of
AM systems, consumables, and services. The Company recognizes revenue when (1)
persuasive evidence of a final agreement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered, (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and
(4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from sales to resellers are
generally recognized upon shipment and when title and risk of loss have been
transferred to the resellers. When products and services are sold to a reseller,
the reseller is responsible for the installation of the system with the end user
client. The Company accounts for such sales on a net basis since it is not the
primary obligor in the arrangement. Products and services sold directly by the
Company to end customers are recognized based on the gross amount as the Company
is the primary obligor in the arrangement, retains inventory risk for physical
products, establishes the price for its products, and assumes the credit risk
for amounts billed to its customers. Revenue from sales-type leases may include
systems, other products and maintenance contracts. The Company recognizes
revenue from sales-type leases at the net present value of future lease
payments. Product revenue from sales-type leases is generally recognized at the
time of shipment. The portion of lease agreements related to maintenance contracts
is deferred and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Revenue from
operating leases is recognized ratably over the lease period. For multi-element arrangements the Company
allocates revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices and
recognizes revenue when each element’s revenue recognition criteria are met. In
such circumstances, the Company uses the following hierarchy to determine the
selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i)
vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party
evidence of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best estimate of selling price
(“BESP”). VSOE exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately and is established based on the price charged in
such stand- alone transactions. BESP reflects the Company’s best estimates of the price at which the Company would have
sold the product regularly on a stand-alone basis. F-14 Most service revenue is derived from sales
of maintenance contracts. The Company provides customers with maintenance under
a warranty agreement for up to one year and defers a portion of the revenue from
the related printer at the time of the sale based on the relative selling price
of those services. After the initial warranty period, the Company offers these
customers optional maintenance contracts ranging generally from one to three
years. Deferred maintenance revenue is recognized ratably, on a straight-line
basis, over the period of the service. Unearned revenues are derived mainly from
these prepaid maintenance agreements. The Company classifies the portion of
unearned revenue not expected to be earned in the subsequent 12 months as
long-term. The Company assesses collectability as
part of the revenue recognition process. This assessment includes a number of
factors such as an evaluation of the creditworthiness of the customer, past due
amounts, past payment history, and current economic conditions. If it is
determined that collectability cannot be reasonably assured, the Company will
defer recognition of revenue until collectability is assured. Unearned Revenues Unearned revenues result primarily from
customers paying in advance for maintenance services to be performed. Shipping Revenue The Company classifies shipping and
handling costs charged to customers in connection with the sale of products and
services as revenue. The related shipping and handling costs incurred by the
Company are classified as costs of sales. Sales and Value Added Taxes Taxes collected from customers and
remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on a net basis (excluded from
revenues) in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income. Advertising Advertising costs are charged to
operations as incurred and were approximately $16.5 million, $4.8 million and
$3.6 million, for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Research and Development Costs Expenditures for research, development and
engineering of products and manufacturing processes are expensed as incurred, in
accordance with ASC 730, Research and
Development . For collaborative agreements
that entitle the Company to receive reimbursement payments of costs actually
incurred under joint development projects, payments received are recorded as
offsets to the research and development expenditures and are therefore not
recognized as revenue. Income Taxes Deferred taxes are determined utilizing
the “asset and liability” method based on the estimated future tax effects of
temporary differences between the financial accounting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities under the applicable tax laws, and on effective tax rates in
effect when the deferred taxes are expected to be paid or realized. Valuation
allowance is provided if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is
“more likely than not” that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are
classified as current or non-current based on the classification of the related
asset or liability for financial reporting, or according to the expected
reversal dates of the specific temporary differences where
appropriate. F-15 Deferred tax has not been provided on the
following items: 1) Taxes that would apply in the event of
disposal of investments in foreign subsidiaries, as it is generally the
Company’s intention to hold these investments, not to realize them. 2) Amounts of tax-exempt income generated
from the Company’s current Approved Enterprises (see note 8b) as the Company
intends to permanently reinvest these profits and does not intend to distribute
dividends from such income. If these dividends were to be paid, the Company
would have to pay additional taxes at a rate up to 10% on the distribution, and
the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the dividend
is declared. 3) Dividends distributable from the income
of foreign companies as the Company does not expect these companies to
distribute dividends in the foreseeable future. If these dividends were to be
paid, the Company would have to pay additional taxes at a rate of up to 25% on
the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in
the period the dividend is declared. As a result of the Stratasys-Objet merger, foreign operations for 2013 consists of non-Israel jurisdictions. For 2012
and 2011, foreign operations consists of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Tax Contingencies In accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , the Company takes a two-step approach to recognizing and
measuring uncertain tax positions (tax contingencies). The first step is to
evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of
available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will
be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation
processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
The Company reevaluates these tax positions quarterly and makes adjustments as
required. The Company classifies interest and
penalties recognized in the financial statements relating to uncertain tax
positions under the provision for income taxes. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of
short term bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
investment in sales-type leases, foreign currency exchange forward contracts and
investment securities. Most of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents are
invested in U.S. dollar instruments with major banks in the U.S. and Israel.
Management believes that the credit risk with respect to the financial
institutions that hold the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and investment
securities is low. F-16 Stock-Based
Compensation The Company calculates the fair value of
stock-based option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The computation of expected volatility is based on historical
volatility of the Company’s shares. The expected option term is calculated using
the simplified method in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation . The
interest rate for periods within the expected term of the award is based on the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Each of the three
factors requires the Company to use judgment and make estimates in determining
the percentages and time periods used for the calculation. If the Company were
to use different percentages or time periods, the fair value of stock-based
option awards could be materially different. The Company recognizes expense on a
straight-line basis over the employee’s requisite service period. Comprehensive Income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) includes net
income (loss), foreign currency translation adjustments, unrecognized gains and
losses on securities and, gains and losses on derivative instruments designated
and effective as cash flow hedges. Business Combinations The Company includes the results of
operations of the businesses that it has acquired in its consolidated results
prospectively from the respective dates of acquisition. The Company allocates
the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and non-controlling interests in the acquired entity generally based on
their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of
purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired, liabilities
assumed and non-controlling interests in the acquired entity is recorded as
goodwill. The primary items that generate goodwill include the value of the
synergies between the acquired companies and the Company and the acquired
assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible
asset. Acquisition-related expenses and restructuring costs are recognized
separately from the business combination and are expensed as
incurred . Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made
to the prior years’ financial statements to conform to the current year
presentation. These reclassifications had no net effect on previously reported
results of operations. Recently issued accounting
pronouncements In July 2013, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB), issued an accounting standard update, under which an
entity must present an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized
tax benefit, in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset
for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit
carryforward, in the absence of certain conditions. This accounting standard
update will be effective for the Company for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2013. In February 2013, the FASB issued a
guidance which requires companies to report, in one place, information about
reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
Companies also are required to present reclassifications by component when
reporting changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of
AOCI to net income in their entirety in the period, companies must report the
effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement
where net income is presented. This accounting standard update will be effective
for the Company for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2012. The Company implemented the guidance with no material impact. F-17 Note 2.
Acquisitions Fiscal 2013
Transactions MakerBot transaction On August 15, 2013 (“MakerBot transaction
date”) the Company acquired privately held Cooperation Technology Corporation
(“MakerBot”) for an aggregate purchase price of $493.7 million (“MakerBot
transaction”) which was calculated based on the Company’s share price of $97.46
as of the MakerBot transaction date. In exchange for 100% of MakerBot’s
outstanding capital stock, the Company issued 3.92 million ordinary shares, made
tax withholding payments on behalf of certain shareholders in lieu of issuing
115 thousand shares, held back from issuing 655 thousand shares to secure the
indemnification rights of Stratasys and issued Stratasys options in exchange for
certain MakerBot options with a fully diluted equivalent of 73 thousand shares.
The 655 thousand shares are being held back for a period of approximately
eighteen months after the MakerBot transaction date to secure the
indemnification rights of the Company against any losses resulting from certain
specified causes. The MakerBot transaction is reflected in
accordance with ASC Topic 805, "Business Combinations," using the acquisition
method of accounting with the Company as the acquirer. The total consideration
transferred to effect the MakerBot transaction is as follows (in thousands): Issuance of ordinary shares to MakerBot stockholders | $ | 446,019
Tax withholding and other payments on behalf of MakerBot stockholders | 12,163
Exchange of MakerBot stock options for the Company options | 7,198
Earn-out at estimated fair value | 28,270
Total consideration | $ | 493,650 The $7.2 million fair value of the
MakerBot stock options exchanged for Stratasys stock options was attributable to
service prior to the MakerBot transaction date and was determined using the
Stratasys share price on the MakerBot transaction date as an input to the
Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of the options. The
following assumptions were applied in determining the fair value of the
exchanged MakerBot stock options: Risk-free interest rate | 0.36%
Expected option term | 1.38 years
Expected price volatility | 59.41%
Dividend yield | -
Weighted average merger date fair value | $ | 92.73 The computation of expected volatility was
based on historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The expected option term
was calculated in accordance with a combination of historical experience and the
simplified method in ASC 718. The interest rate for periods within the expected
life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the
time of the MakerBot transaction. MakerBot stockholders may also qualify for
two earn-out payments that provide for aggregate payments of up to 0.9 million
shares based on the results for the six months ended December 31, 2013 (first
earn-out period) and depending on the level of achievement of financial metrics
for the year ending December 31, 2014 (second earn-out period). F-18 In accordance with ASC Topic 805, the
estimated earn-out obligations as of the MakerBot transaction date were included
in the purchase price. The estimated fair value of the obligations is based on
management’s assessment of whether, and at what level, the financial metrics
will be achieved, and the present value factors associated with the timing of
the payments. Because the amount of the earn-out obligation is based on the
Company’s ordinary shares, changes in the price of the Company’s ordinary shares
through the earn-out determination date will change the dollar obligation. Management re-measures
the fair value of the earn-out obligations at the end of each reporting period,
with any changes in fair value being recorded in that period’s statement of
operations. The fair value was estimated based on a Monte Carlo simulation,
under which many scenarios are computed to measure possible outcomes of the
financial metrics and the likelihood of occurrence. The resultant
probability-weighted financial metrics are then applied to the earn-out formula
to determine the cash flows under the earn-out. Those cash flows were then
discounted using rates of the yields for U.S. treasury bonds with similar terms
to maturity. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not
observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the
fair value hierarchy. Using this valuation technique, the fair value of the
contractual obligation to pay the MakerBot earn-out was determined to be
approximately $28.3 million at the MakerBot transaction date. Based on the results for the six months
ended December 31, 2013, the Company has determined that the payment for the
first earn-out period will be $12.0 million (subject to change in the Company’s
share price between December 31, 2013 and the payment date), and estimates the
earn-out obligation for the second earn-out period will be $17.0 million. The
difference of $754 thousands between the December 31, 2013 total estimated
earn-out amounts of $29.0 million and the estimate of $28.3 million as of the
MakerBot transaction date, is reflected in the statement of operations as an
increase to operating expenses. The current range of the undiscounted amounts
that the Company could be obligated to pay in future periods for the second
earn-out period is between zero and approximately $108.2 million, based on the
Company’s share price at December 31, 2013. Certain MakerBot employees participate in
a performance bonus plan adopted in connection with the MakerBot transaction.
Participating employees, contingent on certain continuing employment conditions,
are entitled to bonus payments of compensation that in the aggregate will equal,
dollar-for-dollar, the actual amounts determined in the earn-out calculation.
The earn-out and bonus payments, if earned, will be made in Stratasys shares or
cash, or a combination thereof, at Stratasys’ discretion. Compensation expense
under the performance bonus plan of $8.9 million was accrued and expensed during
the period from the MakerBot transaction date through December 31, 2013. The
current range of expense for the second earn-out period is between zero and
approximately $108.2 million, based on the Company’s share price at December 31,
2013. Under the acquisition method of
accounting, the net tangible and intangible assets of MakerBot acquired were
recorded at their fair values at the MakerBot transaction date. The estimated
fair values are preliminary and based on the information that was available as
of December 31, 2013. Thus the measurements of fair value reflected are subject
to changes and such changes could be significant. The allocation of the purchase
price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is as follows (in thousands): Allocation of
Purchase Price
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 3,405
Accounts receivable - Trade | 878
Accounts receivable - Other | 923
Deferred tax assets | 5,964
Inventories | 10,314
Property, plant and equipment | 4,658
Goodwill | 372,008
Intangible assets | 168,386
Other non-current assets | 7,068
Total assets acquired | 573,604
Accounts payable & other liabilities | 6,581
Unearned revenue | 4,075
Deferred tax liabilities | 69,120
Other non-current liabilities | 178
Total liabilities assumed | 79,954
Net assets acquired | $ | 493,650 F-19 The allocation of the purchase price to
the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the recognition of
the following intangible assets (in thousands): Weighted Average
Amount | Life - Years
Developed technology | 43,227 | 5
Trade name | 42,134 | 11
Customer relationships - Distributors | 19,315 | 10
Customer relationships - Direct | 3,435 | 1
Non-compete agreement | 10,004 | 4
IPR&D - Printers | 34,189 | Indefinite
IPR&D - Peripherals | 16,082 | Indefinite
Total | 168,386 The fair values of the developed
technology, in-process research and development (“IPR&D”), customer
relationships and non-compete agreement were estimated using a discounted
present value income approach. Under the income approach, an intangible asset’s
fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be
derived from ownership of the asset. Indications of value are developed by
discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates
of return. The non-compete agreement restricts a key individual from competing
with the Company for a period of four years from the MakerBot transaction date.
The fair value of the trade name was estimated using an income approach,
specifically known as the relief from royalty method. The relief from royalty
method is based on the hypothetical royalty stream that would be received if the
Company were to license the trade name and was based on expected revenues. The
useful life of the intangible assets for amortization purposes was determined
considering the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of
the intangible assets adjusted as appropriate for the entity-specific factors,
including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors
that may limit the useful life of intangible assets. The peripheral product in
IPR&D at the merger date was launched in September 2013 and as of that date
was classified as developed technology and is being amortized over five years. The goodwill recognized as a result of the
MakerBot transaction is attributable primarily to the strategic and synergistic
opportunities in the entry level portion of the additive manufacturing spectrum,
expected corporate synergies and the assembled workforce. None of the goodwill
recognized is deductible for income tax purposes. The Company incurred $6.1 million of costs
related to the MakerBot transaction that were expensed during 2013. These costs
are included in selling, general and administrative costs in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The unaudited pro forma condensed
financial results have been prepared for illustrative purposes only and do not
purport to be indicative of the results of operations that actually would have
resulted had the acquisition of MakerBot occurred on January 1, 2012, or of
future results of the combined entities. The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information does not reflect any operating efficiencies and
cost savings that may be realized from the integration of the acquisition. F-20 Actual MakerBot results of operations included in the Consolidated Results of Operations (in thousands) :
Net sales | $ | 35,603
Loss attributable to MakerBot | (5,306 | ) Year ended
(Unaudited , in thousands except share data) | December 31,
2013 | 2012
Supplemental pro forma combined results of operations:
Net sales | $ | 518,714 | $ | 230,052
Loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (23,928 | ) | (30,211 | )
Loss per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. - basic | (0.54 | ) | (0.74 | )
Loss per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. - diluted | $ | (0.54 | ) | $ | (0.78 | ) Adjustments for the supplemental pro forma
combined results of operations are as follows (in thousands): Year ended
December 31,
2013 | 2012
Increase in amortization of intangibles | $ | 14,139 | $ | 23,556
Adjust performance bonus expenses | (163 | ) | 19,836
Adjust expenses related to business combination
(deal fees, inventory and deferred revenues step-up and earn-out revaluation ) | (11,301 | ) | 11,272
Adjust taxes related to the adjustments to the supplemental pro forma | (4,239 | ) | (20,226 | )
$ | (1,564 | ) | $ | 34,438 MakerBot results of operations were included
in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
commencing August 15, 2013. Japanese transaction In October 2013, the Company acquired all
non-controlling interests of its investment in Stratasys Japan Co. Ltd., for a
total purchase price of approximately $2 million. Prior to the acquisition, the
Company owned 51% of the Japanese company. The excess of the purchase price over
the carrying value of the non-controlling interests was credited to additional
paid-in capital. This acquisition enabled the Company to expand its Japanese
operations. Fiscal 2012
Acquisitions Merger between Stratasys Inc. and Objet On December 1, 2012, Stratasys Inc. and
Objet completed their merger. Pursuant to the Stratasys-Objet merger, Objet
issued to Stratasys Inc. stockholders one Objet ordinary share for each share of
Stratasys Inc. common stock outstanding and Stratasys Inc. became an indirect,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet. Immediately prior to the closing of the
merger, Objet’s shareholders approved a conversion of all outstanding Objet
preferred shares into ordinary shares and a reverse split of Objet’s ordinary
shares at a ratio of 1 for 8.691. After giving effect to the reverse split and
the conversion ratio of one Objet ordinary share for each share of Stratasys
Inc. common stock, the former holders of Stratasys Inc. common stock held 55% of
the Company’s ordinary shares and the holders of Objet ordinary shares retained
45% of the Company’s ordinary shares, on a fully diluted basis determined by
using the treasury stock method. The calculation of the ordinary shares to be
held after the merger by the Stratasys Inc. stockholders and the Objet
shareholders gave effect to the assumed exercise of all outstanding in-the-money
options of each entity as determined on the treasury stock basis of
accounting. F-21 At the completion of the merger, each
outstanding option to purchase one share of Stratasys Inc. common stock was
converted into an option to purchase one ordinary share of the Company at an
exercise price equal to the original exercise price of the Stratasys Inc.
option, and otherwise in accordance with the remaining original terms of the Stratasys Inc. option. Under the terms of
the Stratasys Inc. options, all outstanding Stratasys Inc. options granted prior
to the merger date plus certain options granted in May 2012 became fully
exercisable automatically as a result of the completion of the merger.
Stock-based compensation expense of $4.5 million was recognized on the merger
date upon the options becoming fully exercisable, representing the unamortized
expense calculated at the time of the original option grant. The merger has been accounted for as an
acquisition of Objet by Stratasys Inc. in accordance with ASC Topic 805,
“Business Combinations,” using the acquisition method of accounting with
Stratasys Inc. as the accounting acquirer. Since Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known
as Objet, Ltd.), as the parent company of Stratasys Inc. after the merger, is
the legal acquirer, the merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition.
Under these accounting standards, Stratasys Inc.’s total purchase price is
calculated as if Stratasys Inc. had issued its shares to Objet’s shareholders
and converted options to purchase Objet’s ordinary shares to options to purchase
Stratasys Inc. common stock, as follows: (in millions, except price per share)
Number of shares of Objet ordinary shares outstanding on December 1, 2012 | 15.4
Exchange ratio | 1.0
Stratasys, Inc. shares deemed (for accounting purposes only) issued to Objet shareholders | 15.4
Stratasys, Inc. closing price on December 1, 2012 merger date | $ | 74.95
Total fair value of stock consideration | 1,158
Fair value of deemed (for accounting purposes only) conversion of Objet equity awards | 183
Fair value of non-controlling interest | 0.3
Total purchase price | $ | 1,341 The converted stock options represent the
fair value of such options attributable to service prior to the merger date
using the stock price on the merger date as an input to the Black-Scholes
valuation model to determine the fair value of the options. The following assumptions were applied in
determining the fair value of deemed (for accounting purposes only) conversion
of Objet equity awards: Risk-free interest rate | 0.35%-0.49%
Expected option term | 2.5-3.7 years
Expected price volatility | 60.72%-62.59%
Dividend yield | -
Weighted average merger date fair value | $ | 70.01 The Company’s computation of expected
volatility is based on historical volatility. The expected option term was
calculated in accordance with ASC 718. The interest rate for periods within the
contractual life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in
effect at the time of the merger. F-22 Under the acquisition method of
accounting, the total purchase price is allocated to the net tangible and
intangible assets of Objet acquired in the merger, based on their fair values at
the merger date. The allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed is as follows (in thousands): Allocation of
Purchase Price
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 41,524
Restricted cash | 845
Short-term bank deposit | 30,062
Accounts receivable - Trade | 23,633
Accounts receivable - Other | 12,477
Prepaid expenses | 1,011
Inventories | 40,364
Deferred tax assets | 1,755
Property, plant and equipment | 15,475
Goodwill | 797,063
Intangible assets | 490,176
Other non-current assets | 2,539
Total assets acquired | 1,456,924
Accounts payable & other liabilities | 49,876
Unearned revenue | 8,674
Deferred tax liabilities | 51,003
Other non-current liabilities | 6,474
Total liabilities assumed | 116,027
Total purchase price | $ | 1,340,897 The allocation of the purchase price to
the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the recognition of
the following intangible assets (in thousands): Weighted Average
Amount | Life - Years
Developed technology | $ | 374,126 | 9.6
Customer relationships | 72,679 | 10
Trade name | 15,291 | 9
IPR&D | 28,080 | Indefinite
Total intangible assets | $ | 490,176 The fair values of the developed
technology, IPR&D and customer relationships were estimated using a
discounted present value income approach. The fair value of the trade name was
estimated using an income approach, specifically known as the relief from
royalty method. The useful life of the intangible assets for amortization
purposes was determined considering the period of expected cash flows used to
measure the fair value of the intangible assets adjusted as appropriate for the
entity-specific factors, including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive,
economic or other factors that may limit the useful life of intangible assets.
One of the IPR&D projects was launched in 2013 and at December 31, 2013 was
classified as developed technology and is being amortized over five
years. In addition, the allocation of the
purchase price resulted in the recognition of backlog, which was valued at $6.3
million. Backlog was included in other current assets and was amortized to
selling, general and administrative based on the pattern in which the economic
benefits of backlog are estimated to be realized. The goodwill recognized as a result of the
merger is attributable primarily to the strategic and synergistic opportunities
across the entire additive manufacturing spectrum, expected corporate synergies
and the assembled workforce. None of the goodwill recognized is deductible for
income tax purposes. The Company incurred $7.6 million of
Stratasys Inc.’s acquisition-related costs that were expensed during the year
ended December 31, 2012. These costs are included in selling, general and
administrative costs in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. F-23 The actual Objet net sales and net income
included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2012 (for the period from
the December 1, 2012 merger date through December 31, 2012, which are not
indicative of the results to be expected for a full year) and the supplemental
unaudited pro forma net sales and net income of the combined entity had the
acquisition been completed on January 1, 2011 (in thousands, except per share
data) are as follows: Actual Objet results of operations included in the Consolidated Results of Operations:
Net sales | $ | 19,098
Loss attributable to Objet | (4,626 | ) Year ended
December 31,
(Unaudited | 2012 | 2011
Supplemental pro forma combined results of operations:
Net sales | $ | 359,054 | $ | 274,310
Loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (21,577 | ) | (78,705 | )
Loss per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. - basic and diluted | $ | (0.58 | ) | $ | (2.15 | ) Adjustments to the supplemental pro forma
combined results of operations are as follows (in thousands): Year ended
December 31,
(Unaudited) | 2012 | 2011
Stock-based compensation related to business combination | $ | 22,642 | $ | 22,079
Increase in amortization of intangibles | 44,239 | 48,261
Adjust expenses related to business combination
(deal fees, inventory step-up, backlog, deferred revenues,
stock-based compensation accelerations) | (28,850 | ) | 50,644
Adjust taxes related to the adjustments to the supplemental pro forma | (2,899 | ) | (6,960 | )
$ | 35,132 | $ | 114,024 These unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial results have been prepared for illustrative purposes only and
do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations that actually would
have resulted had the acquisition occurred on the first day of the earliest
period presented, or of future results of the combined entities. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information does not reflect any
operating efficiencies and cost savings that may be realized from the
integration of the acquisition. Fiscal 2011 Acquisition Solidscape Acquisition On May 3, 2011, Stratasys Inc. acquired
all the outstanding shares of capital stock of Solidscape Inc. in a
cash-for-stock transaction where all outstanding shares of capital stock and all
in-the-money options to purchase shares of common stock of Solidscape were
exchanged for an aggregate purchase price of $39.1 million. In 2011, Stratasys Inc. incurred
acquisition-related costs of approximately $615,000, which are recorded as
selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of
operations. F-24 The acquisition has been accounted for
under the acquisition method of accounting, and, accordingly, the total purchase
price is allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets of Solidscape
acquired in connection with the acquisition, based on their estimated fair
values. The final allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed is as follows (in thousands): Allocation of
Purchase Price
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 540
Accounts receivable | 439
Inventories | 1,578
Other current assets | 771
Deferred tax assets | 383
Property, plant and equipment | 364
Goodwill | 24,616
Intangible assets | 19,500
Total assets acquired | 48,191
Accounts payable & other liabilities | (1,041 | )
Unearned revenue | (154 | )
Deferred tax liabilities | (7,897 | )
Total liabilities assumed | (9,092 | )
Total purchase price | $ | 39,099 The allocation of the purchase price to
the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the recognition of
the following intangible assets (in thousands): Weighted Average
Amount | Life - Years
Developed technology | $ | 11,750 | 6.7
Customer base | 5,100 | 15
Trademarks | 1,150 | 15
In-process R&D | 1,150 | Indefinite
Non-compete agreement | 350 | 3
Total intangible assets | $ | 19,500 The fair values of the identified
intangible assets were estimated using an income approach. The goodwill
recognized as a result of the Solidscape acquisition is primarily attributable
to the value of the workforce and corporate synergies. None of the goodwill
recognized is deductible for income tax purposes. The useful life of the
intangible assets for amortization purposes was determined considering the
period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the intangible
assets adjusted as appropriate for the entity-specific factors including legal,
regulatory, contractual, competitive economic or other factors that may limit
the useful life of intangible assets. F-25 Note 3. Fair Value
Measurement The following table presents the Company’s
assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
segregated by classes (in thousands): December 31, 2013
Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Assets:
Long term investment | $ | 1,634 | $ | - | $ | 1,634
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | 301 | - | 301
Foreign exchange forward contracts
designated as hedging instruments | 153 | - | 153
Liabilities:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | (1,543 | ) | - | (1,543 | )
Earn-out obligations | - | (29,025 | ) | (29,025 | )
$ | 545 | $ | (29,025 | ) | $ | (28,480 | )
December 31, 2012
Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Assets:
Long term investment | $ | 1,634 | $ | - | $ | 1,634
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | 1,818 | - | 1,818
Liabilities:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | (765 | ) | - | (765 | )
$ | 2,687 | $ | - | $ | 2,687 Long term investment consists of an
investment in debt securities classified as available-for-sale and are recorded
at fair value. The fair value is based on the sale of similar securities in the
market, as well as last sales of these securities in the market (Level 2
inputs). Foreign exchange forward contracts are
presented as other current liabilities and other current assets and are valued
primarily based on observable inputs, including interest rate curves and both
forward and spot prices for currencies (Level 2 inputs). At December 31, 2013,
the Company had foreign exchange forward contracts in effect for the conversion
of $54.0 million into €40.3 million and $18.3 million into NIS 65.0 million out
of which the Company designated $5.8 million as cash flow hedge for accounting
purposes. The change in fair value of those contracts of $0.2 million is
included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2013. These
contracts mature through March 31, 2014. Foreign exchange forward contracts in
effect as of December 31, 2012 were for the conversion of €20.9 million into
$26.8 million and $37.0 million into NIS 145.6 million. The earn-out obligations are described in
note 2 and are classified within level 3 because fair value is measured based on
the probability-weighted present value of the consideration expected to be
transferred. The consideration expected to be transferred is based on the
Company’s expectations of various financial metrics. The ultimate payment of
earn-out obligations could deviate from current estimates based on the actual
results of these financial measures. Other financial instruments consist mainly
of cash and cash equivalents, short term bank deposits, current and non-current
receivables, accounts payable and accruals and the fair value of these financial
instruments approximates their carrying values. F-26 Note 4.
Inventories Inventories consisted of the following at
December 31: in thousands | 2013 | 2012
Finished goods | $ | 42,251 | $ | 37,823
Work-in-process | 164 | 3,809
Raw materials | 45,991 | 26,363
$ | 88,406 | $ | 67,995 Note 5. Net Investment in Sales-type
Leases Certain sales made under lease
arrangements are recorded as sales-type leases and may include systems, other
products and maintenance contracts. The portion of lease arrangements related to
maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the coverage
period. The Company’s net investment in sales-type
leases consisted of the following as of December 31, 2013 and 2012: in thousands | 2013 | 2012
Future minimum lease payments receivable | $ | 19,403 | $ | 14,169
Less allowance for doubtful accounts | (183 | ) | (301 | )
Net future minimum lease payment receivable | 19,220 | 13,868
Less unearned interest income | (1,305 | ) | (862 | )
Net investment in sales-type leases | $ | 17,915 | $ | 13,006 Future minimum lease payments due from
customers under sales-type leases as of December 31, 2013 were as follows (in
thousands): Year ending December 31,
2014 | $ | 7,467
2015 | 5,066
2016 | 3,544
2017 | 2,190
2018 | 1,136
$ | 19,403 The interest income for sales-type leases
is recorded in other income (expense) and amounted to approximately $0.5
million, $0.4 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively. F-27 Note 6. Property, Plant and
Equipment Property, plant and equipment consisted of
the following at December 31: in thousands | 2013 | 2012
Machinery and equipment | $ | 58,443 | $ | 45,034
Buildings and improvements | 34,820 | 22,501
Computer equipment and software | 31,103 | 19,873
Office equipment | 4,324 | 3,785
Furniture and fixtures | 5,606 | 5,019
Land | 12,906 | 8,772
147,202 | 104,984
Accumulated depreciation and amortization | (61,439 | ) | (46,523 | )
85,763 | 58,461
Capital work-in-progress | 5,242 | 3,609
$ | 91,005 | $ | 62,070 Depreciation expenses were $14.6 million,
$7.6 million and $5.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011, respectively. Note 7. Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets Goodwill Changes in goodwill for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows (in millions): Goodwill at January 1, 2012 | $ | 25.4
Goodwill acquired | 797.1
Goodwill at December 31, 2012 | 822.5
Goodwill acquired | 372.0
Translation differences | 1.4
Goodwill at December 31, 2013 | $ | 1,195.9 Other Intangible Assets Other intangible assets consisted of the
following at December 31 (in thousands): 2013 | 2012
Gross | Gross
Carrying | Accumulated | Carrying | Accumulated
Amount | Amortization | Amount | Amortization
Developed technology | $ | 447,842 | $ | 54,029 | $ | 385,735 | $ | 9,058
Patents | 14,065 | 6,523 | 13,533 | 4,952
Trademarks and trade names | 59,019 | 3,817 | 16,877 | 592
Customer relationships | 100,679 | 10,793 | 77,779 | 1,172
Non-compete agreement | 10,354 | 1,249 | 350 | 194
Capitalized software development costs | 16,612 | 13,828 | 15,831 | 12,996
IPR&D | 63,998 | - | 29,231 | -
712,569 | $ | 90,239 | 539,336 | $ | 28,964
Accumulated amortization | 90,239 | 28,964
Net book value of amortizable intangible assets | $ | 622,330 | $ | 510,372 F-28 For the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, amortization of intangible assets charged to operations was
approximately $61.3 million, $8.1 million and $3.8 million, respectively. The
weighted average remaining amortization period for intangible assets as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012 was approximately 8.0 years and 9.4 years,
respectively. Estimated amortization expense, for all
intangible assets, for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2013 is as
follows (in thousands): Year ending December 31,
2014 | $ | 80,685
2015 | 80,379
2016 | 80,287
2017 | 78,929
2018 | 72,753
Thereafter | 229,297 Note 8. Income
Taxes The components of the Company’s deferred
tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were as follows: in thousands | 2013 | 2012
Current deferred tax assets:
Inventory related | $ | 9,309 | $ | 1,110
Tax losses carry forward | 3,773 | -
Deferred revenue | 612 | 528
Allowance for doubtful accounts | 462 | 295
Research and development credit carryforward | 475 | -
Reserve for warranty expenses | 67 | 468
Provision for employee related obligations | 1,219 | 1,269
Accrued interest | - | 1,126
Issuance costs | 431 | -
Other | 153 | 172
Current deferred tax assets | $ | 16,501 | $ | 4,968
Long-term deferred tax assets:
Tax losses carry forward | 407 | -
Foreign currency losses | 358 | -
Stock-based compensation expense | 586 | 1,184
Long-term deferred tax assets | $ | 1,351 | $ | 1,184
Current deferred tax liabilities
Issuance costs | (112 | ) | -
Inventory related | - | (645 | )
Deferred revenue | - | (104 | )
Order backlog | - | (196 | )
Current deferred tax liabilities | $ | (112 | ) | $ | (945 | )
Long-term deferred tax assets:
Stock-based compensation expense | $ | 903 | $ | 876
Tax losses carry forward | 8,311 | 463
Depreciation | 579 | -
Research and development credit carryforward | 1,904 | -
Issuance costs | 478 | -
Foreign tax credit | 893 | -
Other | 367 | 186
Long-term deferred tax assets | 13,435 | 1,525
Long-term deferred tax liabilities:
Intangibles | (115,248 | ) | (55,320 | )
Issuance costs | (430 | ) | -
Depreciation | (3,658 | ) | (898 | )
Net long-term deferred tax liabilities | $ | (105,901 | ) | $ | (54,693 | )
Total | $ | (88,161 | ) | $ | (49,486 | ) F-29 As of December 31, 2013, the Company has a
tax net operating loss carryforward of approximately $31.0 million, resulting in
a deferred tax asset of approximately $12.5 million. The Company believes it is
more likely than not that it will fully utilize this net operating loss
carryforward, and accordingly, no valuation allowance has been provided for this
deferred tax asset. Income (loss) before income taxes for the
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was as follows: in thousands | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Domestic (1) | $ | (13,391 | ) | $ | 23,274 | $ | 30,464
Foreign | (15,990 | ) | (4,764 | ) | 888
$ | (29,381 | ) | $ | 18,510 | $ | 31,352 (1) As a result of the Stratasys-Objet
Merger, “domestic” reflects income (loss) from continuing operations before
income taxes and noncontrolling interest for Israel in 2013 and U.S. for 2012
(since income was primarily in the U.S prior to the December 1, 2012 merger date)
and 2011. The components of income tax (benefit) for
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were as follows: (for 2013,
domestic represents Israel taxes, while foreign represents non-Israel taxes,
including U.S. federal, state and local taxes. For 2012 and 2011 domestic
represents U.S. federal taxes, while foreign reflects non-U.S. ) : in thousands | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Current
Domestic | 14,714 | 12,319 | 10,667
Foreign | 1,914 | 1,445 | 293
16,628 | 13,764 | 10,960
Deferred
Domestic | (9,428 | ) | (3,113 | ) | (234 | )
Foreign | (9,674 | ) | (964 | ) | -
(19,102 | ) | (4,077 | ) | (234 | )
Total income taxes | $ | (2,474 | ) | $ | 9,687 | $ | 10,726 A reconciliation of the statutory federal
income tax rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012, and 2011 is set forth below : 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Statutory rate (1) | 25.0 | % | 35.0 | % | 35.0 | %
Approved and Privileged enterprise benefits | 6.0
State income taxes, net of
federal benefit | - | 2.5 | 2.1
Tax exempt interest income | - | - | -
Stock compensation expense | (17.3 | ) | 3.4 | 0.6
Manufacturing deduction | - | (5.9 | ) | (2.7 | )
Federal research and
development tax credit | - | - | (1.6 | )
Tax contingencies | (12.1 | ) | (3.5 | ) | 0.4
Non-deductible acquisition expenses | (4.8 | ) | 12.9 | 0.3
Earning taxed under foreign law | 13.2 | 3.4 | -
Other | (1.6 | ) | 4.5 | 0.1
Effective income tax rate | 8.4 | % | 52.3 | % | 34.2 | % F-30 (1) As a result
of the Stratasys-Objet merger, the statutory rate for 2013 reflects the Israel
statutory rate of 25%. For 2012 (since income was primarily in the U.S with the
December 1, 2012 merger date) and 2011, the statutory rate reflects the U.S.
statutory rate of 35%. As a result
of the Stratasys-Objet merger, the tax effect of foreign operations for 2013
consists of non-Israel jurisdictions. For 2012 and 2011, the tax effect of
foreign operations consists of non-U.S. jurisdictions. During 2013, the Company adjusted its
long-term tax rates due to obtaining an approval from the Israeli Tax
Authorities under the Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise programs and
due to a recent amendment of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance, under which the
corporate tax rate will be 26.5% commencing on January 1, 2014. As a result, the
Company recorded a net reduction of approximately $0.6 million in its income tax
expense and in its deferred tax liabilities associated with the amortization of
the intangible assets. Significant judgment is required in
evaluating the Company’s tax positions and determining its provision for income
taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and
calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company
establishes reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of
whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves
are established when the Company believes that certain positions might be
challenged despite its belief that its tax return positions are fully
supportable. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and
circumstances, such as the outcome of a tax audit or changes in the tax law. The
provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes
to reserves that are considered appropriate. Accruals for tax contingencies are
provided for in accordance with the requirements of ASC 740. The Company is subject to income taxes in
the U.S., various states, Israel and certain other foreign jurisdictions. In the
U.S., Stratasys Inc. may be subject to examination by the Internal Revenue
Service (“IRS”) for the years 2011, 2012 and 2013. The IRS has completed its
examination of Stratasys Inc.’s federal income tax returns for the years 2009
and 2010. The Company files income tax returns in various jurisdictions with
varying statutes of limitations. Tax returns of Stratasys Ltd. submitted in
Israel through the 2008 tax year are considered to be final. The expiration of
the statute of limitations related to the various other foreign and state income
tax returns that the Company and its subsidiaries file vary by state and foreign
jurisdiction. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company
had unrecognized tax benefits of $7.4 million and $3.8 million, respectively. If
recognized, these benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate. A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
is as follows: in thousands | 2013 | 2012
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 3,809 | $ | 1,598
Additions for tax positions related to the current year | 1,248 | 223
Additions for tax positions related to previous years | 2,562 | 14
Additions from the merger | - | 3,130
Reduction of reserve for statute expirations | (254 | ) | (1,156 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | 7,365 | $ | 3,809 The balance of the reserve for tax
uncertainties includes 0.2 million for estimated interest
and penalties at December 31, 2013 and 2012. The Company currently
estimates that unrecognized tax benefits will not change materially in the next
twelve months. The Company is asserting that all future
profits in its subsidiaries will be indefinitely reinvested or that there is no
expectation to distribute any taxable dividends from these subsidiaries. The determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax
liability related to the undistributed earnings is estimated as a non-material
amount. F-31 The enacted statutory tax rates applicable
to the Company’s subsidiaries outside of Israel are as
follows: Company incorporated in the U.S.—tax rate
of 35%. Company incorporated in Germany—tax rate of 27.9%. Company
incorporated in Hong Kong—tax rate of 16.5%. Company incorporated in
Japan—tax rate of 42%. Company incorporated in China—tax rate of 25%. Company incorporated in Italy—tax rate of 27.5%. A significant portion of the Company’s
income after the December 1, 2012 merger date is taxed in Israel. The following
is a summary of how the Company’s income is taxed in Israel: a. Basis of taxation: Tax rates: Corporate tax rates in Israel were as
follows: 2010-25%, 2011-24%, 2012-25%, 2013-25%. Pursuant to recent amendment of
the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance the corporate tax rate will increase to 26.5%
commencing on January 1, 2014. The Company elected to compute its taxable
income in accordance with Income Tax Regulations (Rules for Accounting for
Foreign Investors Companies and Certain Partnerships and Setting their Taxable
Income), 1986. Accordingly, the Company’s taxable income or loss is calculated
in U.S. dollars. Applying these regulations reduces the effect of foreign
exchange rate fluctuations (of the NIS in relation to the U.S. dollar) on the
Company’s Israeli taxable income. b. Tax benefits under the Law for
Encouragement of Capital Investments, 1959 (the “Law”): Various industrial projects of the Company
have been granted “Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise” status,
which provides certain benefits, including tax exemptions for undistributed
income and reduced tax rates. Income not eligible for Approved Enterprise and
Privileged Enterprise benefits is taxed at the regular corporate rate, which was
25% in 2013. The Company is a Foreign Investors
Company, or FIC, as defined by the Israeli Investment Law. FICs are entitled to
further reductions in the tax rate normally applicable to Approved Enterprises
and Beneficiary Enterprise, depending on the level of foreign ownership. When
foreign (non-Israeli) ownership exceeds 90%, the Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise income is either tax-exempt or taxable at a tax rate of
10% for a 10-year period. The Company cannot assure that it will continue to
qualify as a FIC in the future or that the benefits described herein will be
granted in the future. In the event of distribution of dividends
from the said tax-exempt income, the amount distributed will be subject to
corporate tax at the rate ordinarily applicable to the Approved Enterprise’s or Beneficiary Enterprise’s income. The entitlement to the above benefits is
conditional upon the Company’s fulfilling the conditions stipulated by the
Investment Law and regulations published hereunder. Should the Company fail to
meet such requirements in the future, income attributable to its Approved
Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise programs could be subject to the statutory
Israeli corporate tax rate and the Company could be required to refund a portion
of the tax benefits already received with respect to such programs. The Company does not intend to distribute
any amounts of its undistributed tax-exempt income as dividends, as it intends
to reinvest its tax-exempt income within the Company. Accordingly, no deferred
income taxes have been provided on income attributable to the Company’s Approved
or Beneficiary Enterprise programs, as the undistributed tax exempt income is
essentially permanent in duration. As of December 31, 2013 , tax-exempt income
of approximately $ 157.1 million is attributable to the Company’s various Approved
and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If such tax exempt income is distributed, it
would be taxed at the reduced corporate tax rate
applicable to such income, and approximately $ 15.7 million would be incurred as
of December 31, 2013. F-32 A January 2011 amendment to Investment Law
sets alternative benefit tracks to those previously in place, as follows: an
investment grants track designed for enterprises located in national development
zone A and two new tax benefits tracks (“Preferred Enterprise” and “Special
Preferred Enterprise”), which provide for application of a unified tax rate to
all preferred income of the company, as defined in the Investment
Law. The 2011 Amendment canceled the availability of the benefits granted in
accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for income
generated by a “Preferred Company” through its Preferred Enterprise (as such term is defined in the Investment
Law) effective as of January 1, 2011 and thereafter. A Preferred Company is defined as either (i) a company incorporated in
Israel and not fully owned by a governmental entity or (ii) a limited partnership that: (a) was registered under the
Partnerships Ordinance; (b) all of its limited partners are companies incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are
governmental entities, which, among other things, has Preferred Enterprise status and are controlled and managed from
Israel. Pursuant to the 2011 Amendment, a Preferred Company is entitled to a reduced corporate flat tax rate of 15% with
respect to its preferred income derived by its Preferred Enterprise in 2011-2012, unless the Preferred Enterprise is located
in a certain development zone, in which case the rate will be 10%. Such corporate tax rate will be reduced to 12.5% and 7%,
respectively, in 2013 and will increase to 16% and 9% in 2014 and thereafter. Income derived by a Preferred Company from a “Special Preferred Enterprise” (as such term is defined in the
Investment Law) would be entitled, during a benefits period of 10 years, to further reduced tax rates of 8%, or to 5% if
the Special Preferred Enterprise is located in a certain development zone. Dividends paid out of income attributed to
a Preferred Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the
rate of 15% (20% from 2014) or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty.
However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax will be
withheld. The 2011 Amendment also provided
transitional provisions to address companies already enjoying current benefits.
These transitional provisions provide, among other things, that (i) terms and
benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved
Enterprise, which chose to receive grants, before the 2011 Amendment came into
effect, will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect
on the date of such approval, while provided that certain conditions are met,
the 25% tax rate applied to income derived by an Approved Enterprise during the
benefit period will be replaced with the regular corporate income tax rate (25%
as of 2012), unless a request is made to apply the provisions of the Investment
Law as amended in 2011 with respect to income to be derived as of January 1,
2011 (such request should have been made by way of an application to the Israeli
Tax Authority by June 30, 2011), such request may not be withdrawn; (ii) terms
and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an
Approved Enterprise, which had participated in an alternative benefits program,
before the 2011 Amendment came into effect will remain subject to the provisions
of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, provided that
certain conditions are met. However, a company that has such enterprise can file
a request with the Israeli Tax Authority, according to which its income derived
as of January 1, 2011 will be subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as
amended in 2011; and (iii) a Beneficiary Enterprise can elect to continue to
benefit from the benefits provided to it before the 2011 Amendment came into
effect, provided that certain conditions are met, or file a request with the
Israeli Tax Authority according to which its income derived as of January 1,
2011 will be subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as amended in 2011.
The Company has examined the possible effect, if any, of these provisions of the
2011 Amendment on its financial statements and has decided, at this time, not to
opt to apply the new benefits under the 2011 Amendment. c. Tax benefits under the Israeli Law
for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969: The Company is an “Industrial Company” as
defined by the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969,
and, as such, is entitled to certain tax benefits including accelerated
depreciation, deduction of public offering expenses in three equal annual
installments and amortization of other intangible property rights for tax
purposes. F-33 Note 9. Material
Commitments The Company estimates that at December 31,
2013 and 2012, it had approximately $65.8 million and $30.2 million,
respectively, of purchase commitments for inventory from vendors. The Company rents certain of its facilities under
non-cancellable operating leases, which expire through 2025. Minimum annual operating lease payments as
of December 31, 2013 are approximately as follows: Year ending December 31, | in thousands
2014 | $ | 7,058
2015 | 8,402
2016 | 7,534
2017 | 5,427
2018 | 5,456
Thereafter | 30,970
$ | 64,847 Rent expense for the years ended December
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was approximately $4.7 million, $1.0 million and $0.8
million, respectively. In November 2013, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company entered into an unsecured five-year revolving credit
facility (“credit facility”) of up to $250 million, which is intended to serve
as the Company’s primary senior unsecured bank credit facility to meet the
liquidity needs of the Company. The credit facility matures in October 2018.
Interest is calculated at defined margins above the Eurodollar, prime or Federal
Funds rates. The obligations under the credit facility
are guaranteed collectively by the Company, its active Israeli subsidiaries and
certain U.S subsidiaries. The credit facility requires the Company to maintain
certain financial ratios and also contains other events of default and covenants
that limit various matters. As of December 31, 2013, no amounts had
been borrowed under the credit facility. As of December 31, 2013, the Company has an obligation to pay earn-out to MakerBot shareholders in an amount of approximately
$29 million. For additional information refer to note 2. Note 10. Collaborative
Arrangements The Company has agreements with two
manufacturing companies to jointly advance certain of its proprietary technology
with each of those two companies. The agreements entitle the Company to receive
reimbursement payments of costs actually incurred under joint development
projects. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, approximately
$3.6 million, $3.2 million and $0.7 million, respectively, of research and
development expenses were offset by payments that were received from these
companies. Note 11.
Equity On September 18, 2013, the Company
completed a follow-on public offering of 5.2 million of its ordinary shares and
received net proceeds of $462.9 million. During 2012, Hewlett-Packard Company
exercised its warrant to purchase 0.5 million shares of the Company through a
“cashless exercise” in accordance with the terms of the warrant and was issued
360,115 shares. The Company received a tax benefit of $6.1 million in excess of
the tax benefit based on intrinsic value on date of issuance of the warrant and
the tax benefit is reflected as an increase to additional paid-in capital in the
statement of changes in equity. F-34 As discussed in note 2, the
Stratasys-Objet merger was accounted for as reverse acquisition with Objet as
the legal acquirer and Stratasys Inc. as the accounting acquirer. Under reverse
acquisition accounting, the U.S. dollar amount for ordinary shares is based on
the nominal value and number of shares issued by Objet (reflecting the legal
structure of Objet as the legal acquirer) on the merger date plus subsequent
shares issued by the Company. The amounts in additional paid-in capital
represent that of Stratasys Inc. and include the fair value of shares deemed for
accounting purposes to have been issued by Stratasys Inc. on the merger date and
the fair value of the Objet stock options included in the purchase price
calculation. The Stratasys Inc. additional paid-in capital was also adjusted for
the difference between the number of ordinary shares discussed in note 2 above
and the historical number of shares of Stratasys Inc. common stock, as well as
the elimination of the recorded number of Stratasys Inc. treasury stock. In
September, 2012 Objet shareholders adopted resolutions according to which, upon
the effectiveness of the merger, the Company’s authorized share capital was
reduced to 60 million ordinary shares of a nominal value of NIS 0.01 each. All
outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
The current authorized share capital reflects (i) the automatic conversion of
all Objet preferred shares and options to purchase preferred shares outstanding
prior to the effective time of the merger into ordinary shares and options to
purchase ordinary shares, respectively, on a one-for-one basis, in accordance
with the articles of association of Objet in effect prior to the closing of the
merger, and (ii) a one-for-8.691 reverse stock split ratio and accompanying
reduction in Objet’s authorized share capital from NIS 5 million to NIS 0.6
million and a corresponding reduction in the nominal value per share from NIS
0.0833 to NIS 0.01, each of which became effective at the effective time of the
merger. At the Company’s annual general meeting
held in June 2013, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to the
Company’s articles of association to increase the number of ordinary shares the
Company is authorized to issue to 180 million and correspondingly to increase
the Company’s share capital to NIS1.8 million. Note 12. Stock
Options The Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”), which became effective upon closing of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, provides for the grant of options, restricted shares,
restricted share units and other share-based awards to the Company’s and its
subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees, officers, consultants, and
advisors and to any other person whose services are considered valuable to the
Company or any of its affiliates. The initial reserved pool under the 2012 Plan
was 2 million shares. The number of shares reserved will be automatically
increased annually on January 1 by a number of ordinary shares equal to the
lower of (i) 500,000 shares, subject to adjustment due to certain changes as
provided under the 2012 Plan, and (ii) a number of shares determined by the
Company’s board of directors, if so determined prior to the January 1 on which
the increase will occur. In February, 2013, the Company’s general meeting approved that effective
as of the date of adoption by the Company’s shareholders of this resolution, the
first sentence of Section 5.1 of the Stratasys Ltd. Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan be, and it hereby is, amended to insert “4,000,000” in lieu of “2,000,000".
As of December 31, 2013, 3.6 million shares were available for equity awards under the 2012 plan. On January 1, 2014, the reserve pool under the 2012 plan was automatically increased by 0.5 million shares. The Company recognized a one-time stock
compensation expense of $4.5 million in 2012 in connection with stock options
granted by Stratasys Inc. prior to the date of the merger agreement and certain
options granted in May 2012, all of which became fully exercisable under their
terms on completion of the merger. Stratasys Inc. options outstanding on the
merger date were replaced with Company options with the same terms and
equivalent value. Objet options outstanding on the merger
date remained outstanding under their original terms. Under purchase accounting,
the value of options that were vested and exercisable on the merger date was
included as part of the purchase price. The value of options with remaining
vesting after the merger date was re-valued as of the merger date and that value
will be reflected in stock compensation expense over the remaining vesting
period. The valuation on the merger date used assumptions of risk free interest
rate of 0.4% to 0.5%; expected option terms of 2.5 to 3.7 years; expected price
volatility of 60.7% to 62.6%; and no dividend yield. F-35 A summary of the stock option activity
(reflecting historical Stratasys Inc. stock options prior to the Stratasys-Objet
merger date) for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 is as follows: Weighted
Number | Average
of Options | Per Share | Exercise
Outstanding | Exercise Price | Price
Shares under option
at January 1, 2011 | 1,182,650 | $ | 8.27 | - | $ | 33.06 | $ | 15.16
Granted in 2011 | 325,000 | 21.08 | - | 25.95 | 25.42
Exercised in 2011 | (423,783 | ) | 8.27 | - | 24.65 | 14.61
Expired in 2011 | (3,000 | ) | 12.49 | - | 12.49 | 12.49
Forfeited in 2011 | (43,600 | ) | 9.30 | - | 25.50 | 16.08
Shares under option
at December 31, 2011 | 1,037,267 | 9.30 | - | 33.06 | 18.59
Granted in 2012 | 336,750 | 46.87 | - | 46.87 | 46.87
Objet options from merger in 2012 | 3,286,909 | 2.21 | - | 15.64 | 6.10
Exercised in 2012 | (1,322,047 | ) | 2.21 | - | 33.06 | 11.50
Forfeited in 2012 | (22,962 | ) | 9.30 | - | 46.87 | 31.05
Shares under option
at December 31, 2012 | 3,315,917 | 2.21 | - | 46.87 | 11.84
Granted in 2013 | 388,131 | 74.95 | - | 120.51 | 86.22
MakerBot options from merger in 2013 | 77,631 | 2.74 | - | 7.30 | 4.76
Exercised in 2013 | (1,741,953 | ) | 2.21 | - | 74.95 | 7.18
Forfeited in 2013 | (32,293 | ) | 2.74 | - | 91.56 | 30.40
Shares under option
at December 31, 2013 | 2,007,433 | $ | 2.21 | - | $ | 120.51 | $ | 29.66 A summary of stock options exercisable at
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 is as follows: Weighted
Number | Average
of | Per Share | Exercise
Shares | Exercise Price | Price
Options exercisable at
December 31, 2013 | 1,013,848 | $ | 2.21 | - | $ | 74.95 | $ | 11.36
Options exercisable at
December 31, 2012 | 2,281,298 | $ | 2.21 | - | $ | 46.87 | $ | 7.32
Options exercisable at
December 31, 2011 | 210,520 | $ | 9.30 | - | $ | 26.15 | $ | 16.44 F-36 The following table summarizes information
about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2013: Options Outstanding | Options Exercisable
Number | Weighted- | Number
Outstanding | Average | Weighted- | Exercisable | Weighted-
at | Remaining | Average | at | Average
Exercise | December 31, | Contractual | Exercise | December 31, | Exercise
Prices | 2013 | Life in Years | Price | 2013 | Price
$2.21 - $7.82 | 773,770 | 4.3 | $ | 5.94 | 618,965 | $ | 5.53
9.30 - 18.26 | 508,832 | 3.5 | 15.40 | 269,989 | 15.19
18.78 - 74.95 | 370,179 | 4.6 | 43.63 | 124,894 | 31.97
82.15 - 120.51 | 354,652 | 9.5 | 87.27 | 0 | -
2,007,433 | 29.66 | 1,013,848 | 11.36
Aggregate
intrinsic value | $ | 59,536,686 | $ | 11,516,404 The weighted average life remaining on
vested options was 3.9 years at December 31, 2013. The weighted average grant
date fair value based on the Black-Scholes model was $40.94 for options granted
in 2013 and $44.51 for options forfeited in 2013. The Company issues new
ordinary shares upon exercise of stock options. The total intrinsic value of
options exercised was approximately $12.5 million in 2013, $74.5 million in 2012
and $9.5 million in 2011. The Company used the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to determine the fair value of grants made in 2013, 2012
and 2011. The following assumptions were applied in determining the compensation
cost: 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Risk-free interest rate | 1.4% - 1.7% | 0.8% | 0.9% - 1.5%
Expected option term | 5.1 - 5.2 years | 4.5 years | 4.5 years
Expected price volatility | 56% - 57% | 62% | 55%
Dividend yield | - | - | -
Weighted average grant date fair value | $ | 40.94 | $ | 22.36 | $ | 10.67 The Company’s computation of expected
volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The
expected option term was calculated in accordance with the simplified method in
accordance with ASC 718. The interest rate for periods within the contractual
life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the
time of grant. As of December 31, 2012 there were
1,034,619 unvested options with a weighted average grant date fair value of
$53.74 based on the Black-Scholes model. As of December 31, 2013, there were
993,585 unvested options with a weighted average grant date fair value of $46.79
based on the Black-Scholes model. As of December 31, 2013, approximately $57
million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested
share-based compensation granted under the Company’s plans. That cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years. During 2013, the Company granted
restricted share units (“RSUs”) for 215,153 ordinary shares of the Company.
Stock-based compensation expense equal to the aggregate fair value of the RSUs
at grant date of $21.1 million, less an estimate of forfeitures, is being
recorded on a straight-line basis over the four-year vesting period. Stock-based compensation expenses included
in the Company’s Statements of Operations were: 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Cost of sales | $ | 2,980 | $ | 603 | $ | -
Research and development, net | 3,491 | 960 | -
Selling, general and administrative | 17,791 | 7,311 | 1,587
Total stock-based compensation expenses | $ | 24,262 | $ | 8,874 | $ | 1,587 F-37 Note 13.
Litigation Claims and Proceedings 1) On June 29, 2012, a purported class action complaint was filed in the District Court, Fourth Judicial District, Hennepin County,
Minnesota (the “Minnesota Court”), naming Stratasys Inc., the members of its board of directors, and Objet’s two indirect, wholly-owned
subsidiaries party to the merger agreement (Seurat Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Objet, or Holdco, and Oaktree Merger Inc., a Delaware corporation, or Merger Sub) as defendants. On July 2, 2012,
another purported class action complaint was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the “Delaware Court”),
naming the same persons as well as Objet as defendants. A third purported class action was filed on July 17, 2012, also in the
Minnesota Court naming the same parties (except for Objet) as defendants. The complaints generally alleged that, in connection
with approving the merger, the Stratasys Inc. directors breached their fiduciary duties owed to Stratasys Inc. stockholders and that
Stratasys Inc., Objet, Holdco and Merger Sub knowingly aided and abetted the Stratasys Inc. directors’ breaches of their fiduciary
duties. The complaints sought, among other things, certification of the case as a class action, an injunction against the
consummation of the transaction, a judgment against the defendants for damages, and an award of fees, expenses and costs to
plaintiffs and their attorneys. On October 3, 2013, the Company, its subsidiary Stratasys, Inc. and the other defendants entered into
a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs, which was approved by the Delaware Court. The plaintiffs agreed to a dismissal of the
action in the Delaware Court with prejudice, the voluntary dismissal of the Minnesota Actions with prejudice and without costs, and
the release of all claims against the defendants, subject to certain conditions. The defendants agreed not to oppose an award of
attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses in an amount not to exceed $450,000, to the plaintiffs. However, before the case was heard, plaintiffs’ counsel offered to withdraw the settlement and to discontinue the action without
requiring payment of legal fees, costs or expenses by defendants. The Company recorded a provision in 2012 for probable losses, which are reasonably estimable, arising from this claim, as
estimated by management. 2) In December 2008, an employee, whose employment with the Company was subsequently terminated, filed a claim against the
Company demanding that, based on an alleged undertaking the Company had made, the Company issue to him an option that
would allow him to maintain an equity interest of 1.45% in the Company, as well as reimburse salary reductions he had suffered in
an aggregate sum of NIS 552,000 ($159,000). In July 2009, the Company filed its statement of defense, rejecting the claims raised
by the former employee. Together with the former employee, the Company initiated mediation of the dispute, but did not reach a
settlement. The former employee later amended his initial pleading to seek an additional NIS 441,000 ($127,000) on account of
alleged wrongful termination by the Company. The claim was dismissed in November 2013 by the Israeli labor court, also awarding
the Company legal expenses of NIS 55,000. The plaintiff has appealed the decisions and the appeal is currently ongoing at the
national Israeli labor court. 3) In October 2007, a former supplier of Objet brought an action against Objet and the former directors of its European subsidiary (one of whom, Ilan Levin, is a current director of the Company) in a Brussels commercial court, claiming damages of €566,000
( $780,000 ), plus interest and related legal and litigation costs. On April 26, 2010, the court held Objet and its subsidiary’s former
directors jointly and severally liable for the full amount claimed. Objet along with its subsidiary’s former directors filed an appeal of
the judgment in May 2010, with respect to which the final judgment is expected to be rendered in 2014 . In keeping with required
procedures related to the litigation, in July 2011, the Company deposited the full amount of the original judgment in favor of the
former supplier, plus interest and litigation costs (€690,000, or $951,000 , in total) into a blocked, state-owned account in the
Company’s name, to be held pending the outcome of the appeal. F-38 Objet recorded a provision in 2007 and 2008 for probable losses, which are reasonably estimable, arising from this claim, as
estimated by management. Management believes that there is no material exposure to loss in excess of the amount accrued. 4) On March 4, 2013, the Company was notified of two lawsuits purportedly filed in an Israeli district court against the Company by
four current or former minority shareholders and former directors of the Company. The lawsuits purportedly demand that the
Company amend its capitalization table such that certain share issuances prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger to certain of Objet’s
shareholders named as defendants would be cancelled, with a consequent issuance of additional shares to the plaintiffs to account
for the subsequent dilution to which they have been subject. The lawsuits also name as defendants Elchanan Jaglom, Chairman of
the Executive Committee of the Company’s board of directors, David Reis, Chief Executive Officer, various shareholders of the
Company who were also shareholders of Objet, and, in one of the lawsuits, Ilan Levin, a director. The lawsuits allege in particular
that a series of investments in Objet during 2002 and 2003 was effected at a price per share that was below fair market value,
thereby illegally diluting those shareholders that did not participate in the investments. The plaintiffs also allege that a portion of the
amount invested in those transactions was actually invested by an investor who was already a shareholder of Objet and allegedly
acting in concert with Mr. Jaglom, and that the interest of these two shareholders in these transactions was not properly disclosed to the minority shareholders at the time. The lawsuits furthermore claim that the Company effectively engaged in backdating the issuance of certain shares, in that shares that Objet reported as having been issued in 2006 and 2007 were actually issued at a subsequent date—as late as 2009. The company filed its statements of defense in May 2013 denying the plaintiffs’ claims. We are
scheduled for hearings in April 2014, in which the court will hear arguments concerning the Company’s motions to dismiss the
claims and its appeal to make the plaintiffs pay full court fees. The Company believes that these claims are all entirely baseless and that the transactions in question were conducted in
accordance with applicable law. Management does not believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on our
operations or financial condition, and the Company intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits. The Company is a party to various other legal proceedings, the outcome of which, in the opinion of management, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. F-39 Note 14. Entity-Wide
Disclosure Net sales by geographic area were as
follows: in thousands | Year ended December 31,
2013 | 2012 | 2011
North America | $ | 262,614 | $ | 113,854 | $ | 82,373
EMEA | 126,214 | 62,781 | 49,885
Asia Pacific | 90,023 | 35,450 | 21,506
Other | 5,552 | 3,159 | 2,130
$ | 484,403 | $ | 215,244 | $ | 155,894 Property, plant and equipment by
geographical location were as follows: in thousands | December 31,
2013 | 2012
North America | $ | 63,141 | $ | 45,545
EMEA | 25,360 | 15,411
Asia Pacific | 2,504 | 1,114
$ | 91,005 | $ | 62,070 No single customer accounted for 10% or
more of Company’s total net sales, or Company’s net accounts receivable, in any
fiscal year presented. Note 15. Retirement Plans and
Employee Rights Upon Termination In Israel, the Company is required to make
severance payments upon dismissal of an employee or upon termination of
employment in certain circumstances. The severance payment liability to
employees (based upon length of service and the latest monthly salary—one
month’s salary for each year employed) is recorded on the Company’s balance
sheets under employee rights upon retirement. The liability is recorded as if it
were payable at each balance sheet date on an undiscounted basis. The liability is funded in part from the
purchase of insurance policies or by the establishment of pension funds with
dedicated deposits in the funds. The amounts used to fund these liabilities are
included in the balance sheets under amounts funded in respect of employee
rights upon retirement. These policies are the Company’s assets. However, under
employment agreements and subject to certain limitations, any policy may be
transferred to the ownership of the individual employee for whose benefit the
funds were deposited. F-40 In accordance with its current employment
agreements with certain employees, the Company makes regular deposits with
certain insurance companies for accounts controlled by each applicable employee
in order to secure the employee’s rights upon retirement. The Company is fully
relieved from any severance pay liability with respect to each such employee after it makes the payments on behalf of
the employee. The liability accrued in respect of these employees and the
amounts funded, as of the respective agreement dates, are not reflected in the
Company’s balance sheets, as the amounts funded are not under the control and
management of the Company and the pension or severance pay risks have been
irrevocably transferred to the applicable insurance companies (the “Contribution
Plans”). The Company has a defined contribution
retirement plan (the “Plan”) under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code (“Code”) that covers eligible U.S. employees as defined in
the Plan. Participants may elect to contribute up to 50% of pre-tax annual
compensation, as defined by the Plan, up to a maximum amount prescribed by the
Code. The Company, at its discretion, makes matching contributions equal to the
lesser of $3,000 or 3% of the participant’s annual compensation. On January 1,
2014, the Company changed its contributions to the lesser of $3,000 or 4% of the
participant’s annual compensation. The Company, at its discretion, may make
additional contributions, also subject to Code limitations. For the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 the Company made 401(k) Plan contributions of
approximately $1.1 million, $0.8 million and $0.5 million respectively. F-41 Note 16. Computation of net
income (loss) per share The Company complies with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , which
requires dual presentation of basic and diluted income (loss) per ordinary share
attributable to Stratasys Ltd. for all periods presented. Basic net income
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted
average number of shares outstanding for the reporting periods. Diluted net
income (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue ordinary shares were exercised or
converted into ordinary shares or resulted in the issuance of common stock that
then share in the income of the Company. The difference between the number of
common shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share and diluted net
income per share relates to additional common shares that would be issued upon
the assumed exercise of stock options and warrants, net of the common shares
that would hypothetically be repurchased using the proceeds received from the
original exercise. The following table is a reconciliation of the
numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted income (loss) per share
computations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011: (in thousands, except per share amounts) | Year ended December 31,
Numerator: | 2013 | 2012 | 2011
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd.– numerator for basic net income (loss) per share | $ | (26,954 | ) | $ | 8,491 | $ | 20,626
Add: Effect of dilutive securities
Earn-out | (1,683 | ) | - | -
Numerator for diluted income (loss) per share | (28,637 | ) | 8,491 | 20,626
Denominator:
Weighted average shares – denominator for basic net income (loss) per share | 42,079 | 22,812 | 21,133
Add: Effect of dilutive securities
Earn-out | 20 | - | -
Stock options and other equity compensation | - | 964 | 520
Denominator for diluted income (loss) per share | 42,099 | 23,776 | 21,653
Net income (loss) per share attributable to Stratasys Ltd.
Basic | $ | (0.64 | ) | $ | 0.37 | $ | 0.98
Diluted | $ | (0.68 | ) | $ | 0.36 | $ | 0.95 There were no additional ordinary shares
deriving from stock option plan included in the 2013 diluted calculation since
they had an antidilutive effect on loss per share. Earn-out obligation is included in basic
earnings per share calculation only when there is no circumstance under which
the earn-out settlement shares would not be issued. When calculating diluted
earnings per share, earn-out obligation settlement shares will be included in
the denominator of the calculation as of the beginning of the interim period in
which the earn-out conditions are satisfied. F-42 SCHEDULE II
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and
2011 in thousands
COLUMN A | Column B | Column C - Additions | Column D | Column E
Balances at | Charged to | Balances
beginning | costs and | Charged to | at end
Description | of period | expenses | other accounts | Deductions | of period
2013
Reserve for bad debts and allowances | $ | 955 | $ | 1,300 | $ | - | $ | 268 | $ | 1,987
2012
Reserve for bad debts and allowances | $ | 1,319 | $ | 232 | $ | - | $ | 596 | $ | 955
2011
Reserve for bad debts and allowances | $ | 1,284 | $ | 140 | $ | - | $ | 105 | $ | 1,319 S-1 ITEM 19. EXHIBITS. Item 19. Exhibits . Exhibit Number | Document Description
1.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (1)
1.2 | Amendments to Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (2)
1.3 | Memorandum of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (3)
2.1 | Specimen ordinary share certificate of Stratasys Ltd. (4)
4.1 | Form of Standstill Agreement entered into by Stratasys, Inc., Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.) and certain of Stratasys Ltd.’s shareholders (5)
4.2 | Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Stock Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan(6)
4.3 | Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (7)
4.4 | Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Stratasys Ltd. and each of its directors and executive officers (8)
4.5 | Employment Agreement, dated September 15, 2008, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) and David Reis (9)
4.6 | Employment Agreement, dated June 27, 2011, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.) and Ilan Levin (10)
4.7 | OEM Purchase and License Agreement, effective as of May 5, 2011, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) and Ricoh Printing Systems America, Inc. (11)#
4.8 | Assignment, dated October 23, 1989, from S. Scott Crump to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for an apparatus and method for creating three-dimensional objects (12)
4.9 | Assignment, dated June 5, 1992, from S. Scott Crump to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for a modeling apparatus for three dimensional objects (13)
4.10 | Assignment, dated June 1, 1994, from S. Scott Crump, James W. Comb, William R. Priedeman, Jr., and Robert Zinniel to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for a process and apparatus of support removal for three-dimensional modeling (13)
4.11 | Credit Agreement, dated November 7, 2014, by and among Stratasys Ltd., Stratasys International Ltd., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, and the lenders party thereto (14)
4.12 | Stratasys Ltd. Compensation Policy for Executive Officers and Directors (15)
8.1 | Subsidiary List of Stratasys Ltd.
12.1 | Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 129 12.2 | Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act
13 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
13.1 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
15.1 | Consent of Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm
15.2 | Consent of Grant Thornton LLP
101 | The following financial information from Stratasys Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2013 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. Users of this data are advised, in accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T promulgated by the SEC, that this Interactive Data File is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under those sections. 130 ____________________ (1) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the registrant’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2013
(2) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix A and Appendix B to the registrant’s proxy statement for its 2013 annual general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2013
(3) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(4) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(5) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(6) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(7) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(8) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(9) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(10) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 33-99108) filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(11) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(12) | Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Stratasys, Inc.’s registration statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No. 33-99108) filed with the SEC on December 20, 1995
(13) | Incorporated by reference to Stratasys, Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K, Amendment No. 2, filed with the SEC on January 1, 1995.
(14) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2013
(15) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant’s proxy statement for its extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2013 # Portions of this exhibit have been
omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a confidential treatment
request. 131 SIGNATURES The registrant hereby certifies that
it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly
caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report filed on its
behalf. STRATASYS LTD.
By: | /s/ David Reis
David Reis
Chief Executive Officer
Date: | March 3, 2014 132