6-K 1 ea181541-6k_stratasysltd.htm REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM
6-K Report of Foreign Private Issuer Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the month of July 2023 Commission File Number 001-35751 STRATASYS
LTD. (Translation of registrant’s name into English) c/o Stratasys, Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 | 1 Holtzman Street, Science Park P.O. Box 2496 Rehovot, Israel 76124
(Addresses of principal executive offices) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F: Form 20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐ CONTENTS Position Statement of Shareholder Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report of Foreign
Private Issuer on Form 6-K is a position statement received by Stratasys Ltd. (“ Stratasys ”) from Nano Dimension Ltd.
(“ Nano ”), a shareholder of Stratasys, on June 13, 2023. Legal Disclaimer The contents of the position statement attached as Exhibit 99.1 are not in any way endorsed or agreed to by Stratasys, and the Nano position
statement is being furnished in the form delivered to Stratasys by Nano. The Nano position statement should not be relied upon by any
shareholder of Stratasys in making an investment or voting decision. Additional Information Concerning Stratasys Annual General Meeting
and Where to Find It On July 4, 2023, Stratasys issued a press release
serving as notice of its upcoming 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders (the “ Meeting ”), which is scheduled to
be held on August 8, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. Israel time/ 8:00 a.m. Eastern time, at Meitar Law Offices, 16 Abba Hillel Road, 10 th floor, Ramat Gan 5250608, Israel. The record date for shareholders entitled to vote at the Meeting was Wednesday, July 5, 2023. That press
release is also available on the Stratasys website at www.stratasys.com. In connection with the Meeting, Stratasys will
send to its shareholders a proxy statement describing in detail the proposals to be addressed at the Meeting and the background to the
proposals, and providing additional logistical information related to the Meeting, the procedure for voting by proxy, and various other
information related to the Meeting, along with a proxy card or voting instruction form enabling Stratasys’ shareholders to indicate
their vote on each matter or instruct their brokers or other nominees how to vote on each matter (as applicable). Stratasys will also
furnish copies of the proxy statement and a related proxy card to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”)
in a Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K, which may be obtained for free from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or
Stratasys’ website at www.stratasys.com, or by directing such request to the Company’s Chief Communications Officer and VP,
Investor Relations, Yonah Lloyd, at Yonah.Lloyd@stratasys.com. Investors should read the proxy statement carefully before making any voting
decisions. Participants in the Solicitation Stratasys and certain of its directors and executive
officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the Meeting. Information about the directors and
executive officers of Stratasys, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is
set forth in Stratasys’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on
March 3, 2023. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Stratasys using the sources indicated above. 1 No Offer or Solicitation This communication is not intended to and shall
not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or
approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made, except by
means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Important Additional Information Concerning the Proposed Merger
with Desktop Metal In connection with the proposed merger
transaction between Stratasys and Desktop Metal, Inc. (“ Desktop Metal ”), Stratasys filed with the SEC a
registration statement on Form F-4 that includes a joint proxy statement of Stratasys and Desktop Metal and that also constitutes a
prospectus of Stratasys. Each of Stratasys and Desktop Metal may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the
proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or any
other document that Stratasys or Desktop Metal may file with the SEC. The registration statement has not yet become effective. After
the registration statement is effective, the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to shareholders of Stratasys
and Desktop Metal. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS,
CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT
THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and
definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about Stratasys, Desktop Metal and
the proposed transaction, once such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC
at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with, or furnished, to the SEC by Stratasys will be available free of
charge on Stratasys’ website at https://investors.stratasys.com/sec-filings. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC
by Desktop Metal will be available free of charge on Desktop Metal’s website
at https://ir.desktopmetal.com/sec-filings/all-sec-filings. Exhibit Index Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Position Statement submitted by Nano Dimension Ltd. to Stratasys on June 13, 2023. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STRATASYS LTD.
Dated: July 10, 2023 | By: | /s/ Eitan Zamir
Name: | Eitan Zamir
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 3