20-F 1 stratasys3141094-20f.htm ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUERS Table of Contents UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 20-F (Mark One)
☐ | REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
☒ | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
OR
☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
☐ | SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this
shell company report ........................................ Commission file number:
001-35751 STRATASYS
LTD. (Exact name of Registrant
as specified in its charter) Not
Applicable (Translation of
Registrant’s name into English) Israel (Jurisdiction of
incorporation or Organization) c/o Stratasys, Inc. | 1 Holtzman Street,
7665 Commerce Way | Science Park
Eden Prairie, | P.O. Box 2496
Minnesota 55344 | Rehovot, Israel
76124 (Address of Principal
Executive Offices) S. Scott Crump, Chairman
of Executive Committee Tel: (952) 937-3000 E-mail:
scott.crump@stratasys.com 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota
55344 (Name, Telephone, E-mail
and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or to
be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. Table of Contents Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Ordinary Shares, nominal value NIS 0.01 per share | NASDAQ Global Select Market Securities registered or to
be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None (Title of Class) Securities for which there
is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
Act. None (Title of Class) Indicate the number of
outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as
of the close of the period covered by the annual report: 52,639,444 Ordinary Shares,
NIS 0.01 nominal value, at December 31, 2016. Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐ If this report is an annual or
transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232,405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ☒ | Accelerated filer ☐ | Non-accelerated filer ☐ Indicate by check mark which
basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements
included in this filing: International Financial Reporting
US GAAP ☒ | Standards as issued | Other ☐
by the International Accounting Standards
Board ☐ If “Other” has been checked in
response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial
statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ☐ Item 18
☐ If this is an annual report,
indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ Table of Contents EXPLANATORY
NOTE This annual report on Form
20-F, or this annual report, is being filed by the registrant, Stratasys Ltd.,
an Israeli company. As described in its previous filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC, the registrant (formerly known as Objet
Geometries Ltd. and then Objet Ltd.) was party to a merger with Stratasys, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, that was completed on December 1, 2012, referred to as
the Stratasys-Objet merger or the merger. The Stratasys-Objet merger was
structured as a reverse merger of Stratasys, Inc. with and into an indirect,
wholly owned subsidiary of Objet Ltd., in which Objet Ltd. served as the legal
acquirer. For accounting purposes, however, Stratasys, Inc. was treated as the
acquiring company, and the Stratasys-Objet merger is accounted for as a reverse
acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business
combinations. Unless otherwise indicated or
the context otherwise requires, references to “Stratasys,” “our company,” “the
Company,” “the combined company,” “the registrant,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer
to Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.), and its consolidated
subsidiaries. References to “Objet” generally refer to Objet Ltd. and its
consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet
merger on December 1, 2012. We may also use “Objet” to refer to the line of
products previously sold by Objet Ltd. and the related current, ongoing
operations that have continued following the Stratasys-Objet merger. References
to “Stratasys, Inc.” generally refer to Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, but sometimes (as the context requires) refer to the
current, ongoing operations of our Stratasys, Inc. subsidiary. The historical
financial information set forth in this annual report, unless otherwise
indicated or the context otherwise requires, reflects the consolidated results
of operations and financial position of: (i) Stratasys, Inc. prior to the
merger; and (ii) Stratasys Ltd. since the merger. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
USE OF TRADE NAMES | 2
CERTAIN ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONVENTIONS | 2
PART I
ITEM 1. | IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. | 3
ITEM 2. | OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. | 3
ITEM 3. | KEY INFORMATION. | 3
ITEM 4. | INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY. | 22
ITEM 4A. | UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 42
ITEM 5. | OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. | 42
ITEM 6. | DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES. | 64
ITEM 7. | MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. | 82
ITEM 8. | FINANCIAL INFORMATION. | 84
ITEM 9. | THE OFFER AND LISTING. | 85
ITEM 10. | ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. | 86
ITEM 11. | QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. | 97
ITEM 12. | DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. | 98
PART II
ITEM 13. | DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES. | 98
ITEM 14. | MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS. | 98
ITEM 15. | CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 98
ITEM 16A. | AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. | 99
ITEM 16B. | CODE OF ETHICS. | 99
ITEM 16C. | PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. | 99
ITEM 16D. | EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. | 99
ITEM 16E. | PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. | 99
ITEM 16F. | CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. | 99
ITEM 16G. | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 100
ITEM 16H. | MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. | 100
PART III
ITEM 17. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 100
ITEM 18. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 100
ITEM 19. | EXHIBITS. | 101
SIGNATURES. | 102 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information included
or incorporated by reference in this annual report may be deemed to be
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements
are often characterized by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,”
“will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “continue,” “believe,” “should,”
“intend,” “project” or other similar words, but are not the only way these
statements are identified. These forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our
objectives, plans and strategies, statements that contain projections of results
of operations or of financial condition and all statements (other than
statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or developments
that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the
future. Forward-looking statements are
not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We have based these forward-looking statements on assumptions and assessments
made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of
historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other
factors they believe to be appropriate. Important factors that could
cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements include, among other
things: ● | the extent of our success at introducing new or improved products and solutions that gain market share;
● | the extent of growth of the 3D printing market generally;
● | impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets in respect of companies that we acquire;
● | changes in our overall strategy, such as related to our cost reduction and reorganization activities and our capital expenditures;
● | the extent of our success at efficiently and successfully integrating the operations of various companies that we have acquired or may acquire;
● | the impact of shifts in prices or margins of the products that we sell or services we provide;
● | the impact of competition and new technologies;
● | global market, political and economic conditions, and in the countries in which we operate in particular;
● | government regulations and approvals;
● | litigation and regulatory proceedings;
● | infringement of our intellectual property rights by others (including for replication and sale of consumables for use in our systems), or infringement of others’ intellectual property rights by us;
● | the extent of our success at maintaining our liquidity and financing our operations and capital needs;
● | impact of tax regulations on our results of operations and financial condition; and
● | any additional factors referred to in Item 3.D “Key Information - Risk Factors”, Item 4 “Information on the Company”, and Item 5 “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”, as well as in this annual report generally. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made throughout this annual report,
which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that
may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 1 Table of Contents Any forward-looking statements
in this annual report are made as of the date hereof, and we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required
by law. USE OF TRADE
NAMES Unless the context otherwise
indicates or requires, “Stratasys,” “J750”, “Vero”, “Tango,” “Objet,” “PolyJet,”
“Connex,” “FDM”, “Fortus,” “Dimension,” “Uprint,” “Mojo,” “Insight”, “Stratasys
Direct Manufacturing,” “SDM,” “Solidscape,” “Solid Concepts,” “GrabCAD,”
“GrabCAD Print,”, “GrabCAD Community”, “GrabCAD Workbench”, “F123”, “Robotic
Composite”, “Infinite Build” “MakerBot,” “Thingiverse,” “Replicator,” “The 3D
Printing Solutions Company ” and all product names and trade names used by us in
this annual report are our trademarks and service marks, which may be registered
in certain jurisdictions. Although we have omitted the “®” and “TM” trademark
designations for such marks in this annual report, all rights to such trademarks
and service marks are nevertheless reserved. Furthermore, the Stratasys Signet
design logo is our property. This annual report contains additional trade names,
trademarks and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or
display of other companies’ tradenames, trademarks or service marks to imply a
relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other
companies. CERTAIN ADDITIONAL TERMS
AND CONVENTIONS In this annual report, unless
the context otherwise requires: ● | references to the “Stratasys-Objet merger”, or the “merger”, refer to the merger consummated on December 1, 2012 whereby Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, merged with and into an indirect, wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of Objet Ltd. (now known as Stratasys Ltd.), an Israeli company, with Stratasys, Inc. surviving the merger and becoming an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet (which changed its name to Stratasys Ltd. at that time);
● | references to the “Stratasys-Objet merger agreement” refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2012, as amended, by and among Stratasys, Inc.; Objet Ltd.; Seurat Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Objet (“Holdco”); and Oaktree Merger Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco, pursuant to which the merger was consummated;
● | references to the “MakerBot transaction” refer to the merger consummated on August 15, 2013 whereby Cooperation Technology Corporation, a Delaware corporation (now known as Baccio Corporation), or MakerBot, which is the direct parent company of MakerBot Industries, LLC, merged with and into an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd., with MakerBot becoming an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.;
● | references to the “Solid Concepts acquisition” refer to the acquisition consummated on July 14, 2014 whereby Stratasys Ltd. acquired Solid Concepts Inc.;
● | references to the “Harvest Technologies acquisition” refer to the acquisition consummated on August 1, 2014 whereby Stratasys Ltd. acquired Harvest Technologies Inc.
● | references to the “GrabCAD acquisition” refer to the acquisition consummated on September 22, 2014 whereby Stratasys Ltd. acquired GrabCAD.
● | references to “ordinary shares”, “our shares” and similar expressions refer to our Ordinary Shares, nominal value NIS 0.01 per share;
● | references to “dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “U.S. $” and “$” are to United States Dollars;
● | references to “shekels” and “NIS” are to New Israeli Shekels, the Israeli currency;
● | references to the “articles” or “amended articles” are to our Amended and Restated Articles of Association, which became effective upon the closing of the merger, as subsequently amended;
● | references to the “Companies Law” are to Israel’s Companies Law, 5759-1999, as amended;
● | references to the “Securities Act” are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
● | references to the “Exchange Act” are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
● | references to “NASDAQ” are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; and
● | references to the “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS
AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. Not applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION. A.
Selected Financial Data. As noted above in the
“Explanatory Note” to this annual report, Stratasys, Inc. was treated as the
acquiring company in the Stratasys-Objet merger for accounting purposes and the
Stratasys-Objet merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the
acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. As a result, the
historical financial statements of Stratasys, Inc. prior to the effective time
of the merger on December 1, 2012 became our historical financial statements.
Therefore, while the balance sheet data presented below reflects the financial
position of Stratasys Ltd. (formerly Objet Ltd.) as of each of December 31,
2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the consolidated statement of operations data
reflects the results of operations of Stratasys Ltd. for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and from December 1 through December 31,
2012, and the results of operations of Stratasys, Inc. from January 1 through
November 30, 2012. The historical selected
consolidated statement of operations data for the years 2016, 2015 and 2014, and
the selected consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2016 and 2015 have
been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements set forth
elsewhere in this annual report. The selected consolidated statements of
operations data for 2013 and 2012, and the selected consolidated balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, have been derived from our
previously reported audited consolidated financial statements, which are not
included in this annual report. The selected financial data should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” appearing in Item 5 of this
annual report, and are qualified entirely by reference to such consolidated
financial statements. Our historical results set forth herein are not
necessarily indicative of our future results. Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012
(U.S. $ in thousands, except per share data)
Statement of Operations Data:
Net sales | $ | 672,458 | $ | 695,995 | $ | 750,129 | $ | 484,403 | $ | 215,244
Gross profit | 317,306 | 102,172 | 362,394 | 226,173 | 109,911
Research and development expense, net | 97,778 | 122,360 | 82,270 | 52,310 | 19,659
Selling, general and administrative expense | 307,113 | 434,619 | 351,993 | 202,040 | 73,130
Goodwill impairment | - | 942,408 | 102,470 | - | -
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (872 | ) | (23,671 | ) | (26,150 | ) | 754 | -
Operating income (loss) | (86,713 | ) | (1,373,544 | ) | (148,189 | ) | (28,931 | ) | 17,122
Net income (loss) | (77,621 | ) | (1,373,511 | ) | (119,470 | ) | (26,907 | ) | 8,823
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (77,219 | ) | (1,372,835 | ) | (119,420 | ) | (26,954 | ) | 8,491
Net income (loss) per basic share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (1.48 | ) | (26.64 | ) | (2.39 | ) | (0.64 | ) | 0.37
Weighted average basic shares outstanding | 52,330 | 51,592 | 50,019 | 42,079 | 22,812
Net income (loss) per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (1.48 | ) | (26.64 | ) | (2.39 | ) | (0.68 | ) | 0.36
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding | 52,582 | 51,592 | 50,019 | 42,099 | 23,776
Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital* | 388,428 | 374,346 | 546,062 | 714,404 | 230,929
Total assets* | 1,366,049 | 1,414,356 | 2,899,107 | 2,782,221 | 1,731,513
Equity | 1,135,998 | 1,188,801 | 2,531,239 | 2,499,787 | 1,572,156 3 Table of Contents *We adopted a new accounting
guidance which requires classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities as
noncurrent on the balance sheet on a prospective basis. All deferred taxes are
classified as non-current on our balance sheets commencing December 31, 2015.
Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. In addition to the audited
consolidated financial data presented above, we also present below unaudited pro
forma combined statement of operations data for our company for the year ended
December 31, 2012 that give effect to the Stratasys-Objet merger as if it had
been completed on January 1, 2012. This data has been prepared consistent with
SEC Regulation S-X, Article 11. Year Ended
December 31, 2012
Pro Forma
(U.S. $ in thousands,
except per share data)
Statement of Operations Data:
Net sales | $ | 359,054
Gross profit | 163,923
Research and development expense | 36,923
Selling, general and administrative expense | 141,232
Operating loss | (14,232 | )
Net loss | (21,515 | )
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (21,577 | )
Net loss per basic share | (0.58 | )
Net loss per basic share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.58 | )
Weighted average basic shares outstanding | 36,987
Net loss per diluted share | (0.58 | )
Net loss per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (0.58 | )
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding | 36,987 B. Capitalization and
Indebtedness. Not applicable. C. Reasons for the Offer
and Use of Proceeds. Not applicable. D. Risk Factors. You should carefully
consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information
in this annual report on Form 20-F. The risks described below are not the only
risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect
our business operations. If any of these risks actually occurs , our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer
and the price of our shares could decline. Risks related to our
business and financial condition We may not be able to
introduce new 3D printers, high-performance systems and consumables acceptable
to customers or to improve the technology, software or consumables used in our
current systems in response to changing technology and end-user
needs. We derive most of our revenues
from the sale of additive manufacturing systems and related consumables. The
markets in which we operate are subject to rapid and substantial innovation and
technological change, mainly driven by technological advances and end-user
requirements and preferences, as well as the emergence of new standards and
practices. Our ability to compete in these markets depends, in large part, on
our success in enhancing our existing products and developing new additive
manufacturing systems and new consumables that will address the increasingly
sophisticated and varied needs of prospective end-users, and respond to
technological advances and industry standards and practices on a cost-effective
and timely basis or otherwise gain market acceptance. Even if we successfully
enhance our existing systems or create new systems, it is likely that new
systems and technologies that we develop will eventually supplant our existing
systems or that our competitors will create systems that will replace our
systems. As a result, any of our products may be rendered obsolete or
uneconomical by our or others’ technological advances. 4 Table of Contents Our operating results
and financial condition may fluctuate. The operating results and
financial condition of our company may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and
year to year and are likely to continue to vary due to a number of factors, many
of which will not be within our control. If our operating results do not meet
the guidance that we provide to the market place or the expectations of
securities analysts or investors, the market price of our ordinary shares will
likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition
may be due to a number of factors, including those listed below and those
identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section: ● | the degree of market acceptance of our products and services;
● | the mix of products and services that we sell during any period;
● | long sales cycles;
● | changes in our overall strategy, such as related to our cost reduction and reorganization activities and our capital expenditures;
● | unforeseen liabilities or difficulties in integrating our acquisitions;
● | changes in the amount that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, consumables, technologies or businesses;
● | changes in the amounts that we spend to promote our products and services;
● | changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty obligations and servicing our installed base of systems;
● | delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products;
● | development of new competitive products and services by others;
● | difficulty in predicting sales patterns and reorder rates that may result from multi-tier distribution strategy associated with new product categories such as entry level desktop 3D printers;
● | impairment charges that we may be required to record in respect of our goodwill and/or other long-lived assets;
● | litigation or threats of litigation, including intellectual property claims by third parties;
● | changes in accounting rules and tax laws;
● | tax benefit that we may record due to partial or full release of valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets;
● | the geographic distribution of our sales;
● | our responses to price competition;
● | general economic and industry conditions that affect end-user demand and end-user levels of product design and manufacturing;
● | changes in dollar-shekel and dollar-Euro exchange rates that affect the value of our net assets, revenues and expenditures from and/or relating to our activities carried out in those currencies; and
● | the level of research and development activities by our company. Due to all of the foregoing
factors, and the other risks discussed in this annual report, you should not
rely on quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparisons of our operating
results as an indicator of our future performance. If demand for our
products and services does not grow as expected, our revenues may stagnate or
decline and our profitability may be adversely affected. The commercial marketplace for
additive manufacturing, which was once dominated by conventional methods that do
not involve 3D printing technology, has been undergoing a shift towards 3D
printing. This is true with respect to prototype development, and to some
extent, with respect to direct digital manufacturing, or DDM, as an alternative
to traditional manufacturing. If the commercial marketplace does not continue to
transform towards the broader acceptance of 3D printing and DDM as alternatives
for prototype development and traditional manufacturing, or if it adopts 3D
printing based on technologies other than the technologies that we use, we may
not be able to increase or sustain current or future levels of sales of our
products and related materials and services, and our results of operations may
be adversely affected as a result. 5 Table of Contents During the years 2015 and
2016, the growth rate in the 3D printing and additive manufacturing industries
slowed significantly and our revenues declined in each year relative to the
previous year. We experienced lower revenues across most regions and most product
and service lines. We believe this trend was attributable, in part, to weak
investment in capital equipment by customers within key verticals, as well as
difficult macroeconomic conditions in certain global regions. These factors,
when combined with excess capacity that we have
experienced as a result of our significant growth in the years 2013 and 2014,
adversely impacted our profitability. While we were able to mitigate this trend
via cost reduction measures in 2016 and thereby improve our operating results relative
to 2015. To the extent that these trends continue for an extended period of time
or macroeconomic conditions worsen further, that could affect our results of
operations in a more significant adverse manner. If additional goodwill
or other intangible assets that we have recorded become impaired, we could have
to take further significant charges against earnings. As of December 31, 2016, the
carrying value of all of our goodwill and other intangible assets was
approximately $563.1 million compared to a carrying value of $636.3 million as of December 31,
2015. As of December 31, 2014, however, that carrying value was $1.9 billion . The significant decrease in the carrying value of our goodwill and
other intangible assets over the course of 2015 was primarily due to impairment
charges of $1.2 billion during 2015. Under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, we are required to
review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be
recoverable. During 2015, we determined that certain indicators of potential
impairment existed that required interim goodwill impairment analysis. These
indicators included a further significant decline in our market capitalization
for a sustained period and weaker than expected operating results of our
reporting units for 2015. During 2015, we also tested the recoverability of our
purchased intangible assets due to certain indicators of impairment including
weaker than expected operating results of our reporting units for 2015,
reorganization initiatives for our operations, lower forecasted profitability
due to technological and other trends as well as the increased uncertainty in
the 3D printing environment. These tests and analyses, performed in 2015, led
to non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $942.4 million and non-cash impairment charges
of $278.5 million to our intangible assets. For further information, please see notes 7 and 8 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual
report. During 2016, we recorded impairment charges of $17.9 million to our intangible assets. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we performed a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment for our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit. Following our quantitative assessment, we concluded that there is a narrow percentage difference between the estimated fair value and estimated carrying value of our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit, which difference did not warrant that we record an impairment charge in 2016. We have approximately $386 million of goodwill allocated to our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit, however, which could be subject to impairment in the future. For further information, please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Our ongoing consideration of the factors described above, as well as additional factors, could result in further significant charges against our earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Declines in the prices
of our products and services, or in our volume of sales, together with our
relatively inflexible cost structure, may adversely affect our financial results
and diminish the impact of our cost reduction programs that we initiated in 2015 and 2016. Our business is subject to
price competition. Such price competition may adversely affect our ability to
maintain the same degree of profitability, especially during periods of
decreased demand. Decreased demand also adversely impacts the volume of our systems sales, as occurred in 2015 and again in 2016, when our sales declined overall in
each case relative to the previous year. If our business is not able to offset
price reductions resulting from these pressures, or decreased volume of sales
due to contractions in the market, by improved operating efficiencies and
reduced expenditures, then our operating results will be adversely affected. In 2015 and 2016, in response to
declining sales volume and revenues, we implemented certain reorganization programs aimed at reducing our costs and improving operating efficiencies. These programs began to show positive results in 2016, successfully reducing our expenditures
and improving our operating results in 2016 relative to 2015. Certain of our
operating costs, however, are fixed and cannot readily be reduced, which
diminishes the positive impact of our reorganization programs on our operating results. In particular, prior to this contraction in our sales, we had
increased our manufacturing capacity in anticipation of the growth of the 3D
printing market over the long term, which is accompanied by increased fixed
costs. To the extent that the growth in the market for our products slows
further, or the 3D printing market contracts, we may be faced with excess
manufacturing capacity and excess related costs that cannot readily be reduced,
which will adversely impact our results of operations. To the extent that other
companies are successful in developing or marketing consumables for use in our
Stratasys Idea, Design and Production Series systems, our revenues and profits
would likely be adversely affected. We sell a substantial portion
of the consumables used in our systems. We attempt to protect against
replication of our proprietary consumables through patents and trade secrets and
provide that warranties on those systems may be invalid if customers use
non-genuine consumables that cause damage to the printer. Other companies have
developed and sold, and may continue to develop and sell, consumables that are
used with our systems, which may reduce our consumables sales and impair our
overall revenues and profitability. 6 Table of Contents If our product mix
shifts too far into lower margin products or our revenues mix shifts
significantly towards our AM services business, our profitability could be
reduced. Sales of certain of our
existing products have higher margins than others. For instance, our high-end
systems and related consumables yield a greater gross margin than our
entry-level systems. As some of the sales of our entry-level systems may displace
sales of our other systems. If sales of our entry-level desktop 3D printers have
the effect of reducing sales of our higher margin products, or if for any other
reason, our product mix shifts too far into lower margin products, and we are
not able to sufficiently reduce the engineering, production and other costs
associated with those products or substantially increase the sales of those
products, our profitability could be reduced. A similar negative impact on our
gross margins could result due to a significant shift towards revenues generated
by our AM parts service business, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, and which are
characterized by lower margins relative to our products. Until fairly recently,
we have experienced rapid and significant growth in our operations and intend to
continue to grow over the long term, and if we cannot adequately adapt our
infrastructure and properly integrate the internal or external sources of our
growth in order to generate the intended benefits from it, our results of
operations will suffer. Until 2015, we had experienced
rapid and significant growth in our operations, and we intend to continue to
grow over the long term. The continued adaptation of our infrastructure to our
growth will require, among other things, development of our financial and
management controls and management information systems, management of
our sales channel, increased capital expenditures, the ability to attract and
retain qualified management personnel and the training of new personnel. We
cannot be sure that our infrastructure, systems, procedures, business processes
and managerial controls will be adequate to support the expected long-term
growth in our operations. Any delays in, or problems associated with,
implementing, or transitioning to, new or enhanced systems, procedures, or
controls to accommodate and support the requirements of our business and
operations and to effectively and efficiently integrate acquired operations may
adversely affect our ability to meet customer requirements, manage our product
inventory, and record and report financial and management information on a
timely and accurate basis. Additional unforeseen
difficulties and expenditures that may result from the integration of a new
business or technology include: ● | difficulty transitioning customers and other business relationships to our company;
● | problems unifying management following a transaction;
● | the loss of key employees from our existing or acquired businesses;
● | diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the technology and personnel of acquired businesses or new product or service lines; and
● | difficulties in coordinating geographically disparate organizations and corporate cultures and integrating management personnel with different business backgrounds. These potential negative
effects could prevent us from realizing the benefits of an acquisition
transaction or other growth opportunity. In that event, our competitive
position, revenues, revenue growth, financial condition, results of operations
and liquidity could be adversely affected, which could, in turn, adversely
affect our share price and shareholder value. The markets in which we
participate (especially the lower-end market) are competitive. Our failure to
compete successfully could cause our revenues and the demand for our products to decline. We
compete for end-users with a wide variety of producers of systems that create
models, prototypes, other 3D objects and end-use parts as well as producers of
materials and services for these systems, including both additive and
subtractive manufacturing methodologies, such as metal extrusion,
computer-controlled machining and manual modeling techniques. Our principal
competition currently consists of other manufacturers of systems for prototype
development and customized manufacturing processes, including 3D Systems
Corporation, EOS GmbH and EnvisionTEC GmbH, and, with respect to our entry-level
desktop 3D printers, a multitude of companies such as XYZprinting, Ultimaker,
and others. Competition with our entry-level desktop 3D printers and our other
lower-end products has intensified and is an important factor in the decrease in
sales. For our broadened AM parts and services business, our chief competitors
consist of 3D Systems Corporation, Materialise and many other smaller service
providers. During 2016, Carbon started selling 3D printers targeting similar end-users, and HP is expected to start commercial sales of its 3D printers
in 2017. Their 3D printers are expected to compete directly with some of our
product lines. We may face additional competition in the future from other new
entrants into the marketplace, including companies that may have significantly
greater resources than we have that may become new market entrants or may enter
through acquisition or strategic or marketing partnerships with current
competitors. Some of our current and
potential competitors have longer operating histories and more extensive name
recognition than we have and may also have greater financial, marketing,
manufacturing, distribution and other resources than we have. Current and future
competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies
and changes in end-user demands and to devote greater resources to the
development, promotion and sale of their products than we can. Our current and
potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our
existing or future products obsolete, unmarketable or less competitive (whether
from a price perspective or otherwise). We cannot assure you that we will be
able to maintain or enhance our current competitive position or continue to
compete successfully against current and future sources of
competition. 7 Table of Contents As part of our growth
strategy, we have sought, and will continue to seek, to acquire or to make
investments in other businesses, patents, technologies, products or services.
Our failure to do so successfully (including, if applicable, to finance such
acquisitions or investments on favorable terms and to avoid adverse financial
consequences) may adversely affect our financial results. As part of our growth
strategy, we expect to continue to regularly evaluate acquisitions or
investments to expand our suite of products and services. Even if we are able to
identify a suitable acquisition or investment, we may not be able to consummate
any such transaction if we cannot reach an agreement on favorable terms or if we
lack sufficient resources to finance the transaction on our own and cannot
obtain financing at a reasonable cost or if regulatory authorities prevent such
transaction from being consummated. If we proceed with a particular acquisition,
we may have to use cash, issue new equity securities with dilutive effects on
existing shareholders, incur indebtedness, assume contingent liabilities or
amortize assets or expenses in a manner that might have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
Acquisitions will also require us to record certain acquisition-related costs
and other items as current period expenses, which would have the effect of
reducing our reported earnings in the period in which an acquisition is
consummated. In addition, we could also face unknown liabilities or write-offs
due to our acquisitions, which could result in a significant charge to our
earnings in the period in which they occur. We will also be required to record
goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges (if any) in the periods in
which they occur, which could result in a significant charge to our earnings in
any such period. Further to that risk, during the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we recorded intangible assets impairment charges of $17.9 million, $278.5 million and $14.6 million, respectively. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2015
and December 31, 2014, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $942.4 million and
$102.5 million, respectively, related to our goodwill assigned to companies that
we have acquired. We did not record any such impairment charges during the year
ended December 31, 2016. For further information on our quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment we performed in 2016, please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. If we are not successful
in completing the integration of our constituent companies from our recent
acquisitions, the benefits of these later transactions may not be fully realized
and the market price of our ordinary shares may be negatively
affected. Since the consummation of the
Objet-Stratasys merger in December 2012, we have acquired MakerBot, Solid
Concepts, Harvest Technologies, GrabCAD and other companies. While we believe
that integration activities have progressed well to date, the ongoing
difficulties of coordinating our operations include: ● | coordinating geographically separate organizations;
● | coordinating sales, distribution and marketing functions, including integration and management of our constituent companies’ sales channels;
● | consolidating the financial reporting systems and ERP systems of our constituent companies;
● | management of a substantially larger organization, with an increased number of employees over large geographic distances; and
● | addressing inconsistencies among the companies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with suppliers, distributors, customers and employees. As a result of these and other
factors, we may not successfully complete the integration of our acquired
entities. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the benefits and synergies of
the acquired entities in the timeframe anticipated. It is also possible that
such continuing integration and coordination arrangements could lead to the loss
of members of our senior executive team, diversion of the attention of
management, or the disruption or interruption of, or the loss of momentum in,
our ongoing business, which could adversely affect our business and financial
results. The occurrence of such negative results could adversely affect the
market price of our ordinary shares. Our operations,
particularly in integrating the operations of our constituent companies, could
suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key management or other key
employees. Our success depends upon the
continued service and performance of our senior management and other key
personnel. Our senior executive team is critical to the management of our
business and operations, as well as to the development of our strategy. The loss
of the services of any members of our senior executive team could delay or
prevent the successful implementation of our growth strategy, or our
commercialization of new applications for our systems or other products, or
could otherwise adversely affect our ability to manage our company effectively
and carry out our business plan. Members of our senior management team may
resign at any time. In 2016 and the start of 2017, we experienced a turn-over in
two of our key executive positions, as Ilan Levin replaced David Reis as our
Chief Executive Officer effective as of July 1, 2016, and Lilach Payorski
replaced Erez Simha as our Chief Financial Officer effective as of January 1,
2017. While each of these new executives came from within Stratasys and we have
experienced a smooth transition to date, there is no guarantee that these
changes (and the relative close proximity in which they occurred) will not have
any adverse effects on our operations. In addition, high demand exists for
senior management and other key personnel (including scientific, technical and
sales personnel) in the additive manufacturing, or AM, industry, and there can
be no assurance that we will be able to retain our current key personnel. We
experience intense competition for qualified personnel. While we intend to
continue to provide competitive compensation packages to attract and retain key
personnel, some of our competitors for these employees have greater resources
and more experience, making it difficult for us to compete successfully for key
personnel. If we cannot attract and retain sufficiently qualified technical
employees for our research and development and manufacturing operations, we may
be unable to achieve the synergies expected from mergers and acquisitions that
we may effect from time to time, or to
develop and commercialize new products or new applications for existing
products. Furthermore, possible shortages of key personnel, including engineers,
in the regions surrounding our Minnesota, New York, California, Texas, Boston,
New Hampshire or Israeli facilities could require us to pay more to hire and
retain key personnel, thereby increasing our costs. 8 Table of Contents Defects in new products
or in enhancements to our existing products could give rise to product returns
or product liability, warranty or other claims that could result in material
expenses, diversion of management time and attention, and damage to our
reputation. Our products are complex and
may contain defects or experience failures or unsatisfactory performance due to
any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials, and/or use
within a system. These defects or errors could result in significant warranty,
support and repair or replacement costs, cause us to lose market share and
divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development
efforts to find and correct the issue. This risk of product liability
claims may also be greater due to the use of certain hazardous chemicals used in
the manufacture of certain of our products. Those hazardous chemicals fall
within three different categories (with several of the chemicals falling within
multiple categories): irritants, harmful chemicals and chemicals dangerous for
the environment. In addition, we may be subject to claims that our 3D printers
have been, or may be, used to create parts that are not in compliance with legal
requirements or that intellectual property posted by third parties on our
Thingiverse and GrabCAD websites infringes the intellectual property rights of
others. Any claim brought against us,
regardless of its merit, could result in material expense, diversion of
management time and attention, and damage to our reputation, and could cause us
to fail to retain existing end-users or to attract new end-users. Although we
maintain product liability insurance, such insurance is subject to significant
deductibles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or
adequate to protect against all such claims, or we may elect to self-insure with
respect to certain matters. Costs or payments made in connection with warranty
and product liability claims and product recalls or other claims could
materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our AM services
business, offering parts used as prototypes, benchmarks and end-use parts in
general, and in the case of end-use parts, our sales to customers in the
aerospace, medical and automotive industries, in particular, makes us more
susceptible to product and other liability claims, which characterize operations
in those industries. Any such claims that are not adequately covered by
insurance or for which insurance is not available may adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition. Our digital manufacturing business, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, produce AM parts, which are
used by our customers as prototypes, benchmarks and end-use parts. In
particular, we provide these additive manufacturing services to customers in the
aerospace, medical and automotive industries. The sale of end use parts in
general, and to customers in the foregoing industries in particular, exposes us
to possible claims for property damage and personal injury or death, which may
result from the use of these end-use parts. We may be potentially liable, in
significant amounts, if an aircraft, automotive or medical part, component, or
accessory or any other aviation, automotive or medical product that we have
sold, produced or repaired fails, or if an aircraft or automobile for which our
subsidiaries have provided services or in which their parts are installed
crashes and the cause can be linked to those parts or cannot be determined. Our
SDM service carries liability insurance in amounts that we believe are adequate
for its risk exposure and commensurate with industry norms. While we intend to
monitor our insurance coverage as our additive manufacturing services business
continues to grow, claims may arise in the future, and that insurance coverage
may not be adequate or available to protect our consolidated company in all
circumstances. Additionally, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance
coverage for our AM services business in the future at an acceptable cost. Any
liability claim against our AM services business that is not covered by adequate
insurance could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and
financial condition. If our relationships
with suppliers for our products and services, especially with single source
suppliers of components of our products, were to terminate or our manufacturing
arrangements were to be disrupted, our business could be
interrupted. We purchase components and
sub-assemblies for our systems, raw materials that are used in our consumables,
and AM systems, component parts and raw materials for our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing services business, from third-party suppliers, some of whom may
compete with us. While there are several potential suppliers of most of these
component parts, sub-assemblies and raw materials that we use, we currently
choose to use only one or a limited number of suppliers for several of these
components and materials. Furthermore, the suppliers of AM systems and materials
used in our SDM parts service may refuse to sell us additional AM systems or
component parts and materials for AM systems that our SDM service uses. Our
reliance on a single or limited number of vendors involves a number of risks,
including: ● | potential shortages of some key components;
● | product performance shortfalls, if traceable to particular product components, since the supplier of the faulty component cannot readily be replaced;
● | discontinuation of a product on which we rely;
● | potential insolvency of these vendors; and
● | reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capabilities, quality and costs. 9 Table of Contents In addition, we require any
new supplier to become “qualified” pursuant to our internal procedures. The
qualification process involves evaluations of varying durations, which may cause
production delays if we were required to qualify a new supplier unexpectedly. We
generally assemble our systems and parts based on our internal forecasts and the
availability of raw materials, assemblies, components and finished goods that
are supplied to us by third parties, which are subject to various lead times. If
certain suppliers were to decide to discontinue production of an assembly,
component or raw material that we use, the unanticipated change in the
availability of supplies, or unanticipated supply limitations, could cause
delays in, or loss of, sales, increased production or related costs and
consequently reduced margins, and damage to our reputation. If we were unable to
find a suitable supplier for a particular component, material or compound, we
could be required to modify our existing products or the end-parts that we offer
to accommodate substitute components, material or compounds. In particular, we rely on a
sole supplier, Ricoh Printing Systems America, Inc., or Ricoh, for the printer
heads for our PolyJet 3D printers. Under the terms of our agreement with Ricoh,
we purchase printer heads and associated electronic components, and receive a
non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell these purchased
products under Ricoh’s patent rights and trade secrets. Due to the risk of a
discontinuation of the supply of Ricoh printer heads and other key components of
our products, we maintain excess inventory of those printer heads and other
components. However, if our forecasts exceed actual orders, we may hold large
inventories of slow-moving or unusable parts or raw materials, which could
result in inventory write offs or write downs and have an adverse effect on our
cash flow, profitability and results of operations. See “Item 4. Information on
the Company—Business Overview—Manufacturing and Suppliers—Inventory and
Suppliers—Ricoh Agreement” for further discussion of this agreement. Discontinuation of
operations at our manufacturing sites could prevent us from timely filling
customer orders and could lead to unforeseen costs for us. We assemble and test the
systems that we sell, and produce consumables for our systems, at single
facilities in various locations that are specifically dedicated to separate
categories of systems and consumables. We similarly rely on a single facility
for assembly of the component parts and materials for AM systems that our SDM
service uses. Because of our reliance on all of these production facilities, a
disruption at any of those facilities could materially damage our ability to
supply 3D printers, other systems or consumable materials to the marketplace in
a timely manner. Depending on the cause of the disruption, we could also incur
significant costs to remedy the disruption and resume product shipments. Such
disruptions may be caused by, among other factors, earthquakes, fire, flood and
other natural disasters. Accordingly, any such disruption could result in a
material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and earnings, and
could also potentially damage our reputation. A loss of, or reduction
in revenues from, a significant number of our resellers and our independent
sales agents would impair our ability to sell our products and services and
could reduce our revenues and adversely impact our operating
results. We rely heavily on our network
of resellers and independent sales agents to sell and (in the case of resellers)
to service our products for end-users in their respective geographic regions.
These resellers and sales agents may not be as effective in selling our products
or servicing our end-users as we are. Further, if a significant number of these
resellers and sales agents were to terminate their relationship with us or
otherwise fail or refuse to sell our products, we may not be able to find
replacements that are as qualified or as successful in a timely manner, if at
all. If these resellers and independent sales agents do not perform as
anticipated or if we are unable to find qualified and successful replacements,
our sales will suffer, which would have an adverse effect on our revenues and
operating results. Additionally, a default by one or more resellers that have a
significant receivables balance could have an adverse financial impact on our
financial results. Our business model is
predicated in part on building an end-user base that will generate a recurring
stream of revenues through the sale of our consumables. If that recurring stream
of revenues does not develop as expected, or if our business model changes as
the industry evolves, our operating results may be adversely
affected. Our business model is
dependent in part on our ability to maintain and increase sales of our
proprietary consumables as they generate recurring revenues. Existing and future
end-users of our systems may not purchase our consumables at the same rate at
which end-users currently purchase those consumables. In addition, our
entry-level systems generally use a lower volume of consumables relative to our
higher end systems. If our current and future end-users purchase a lower volume
of our consumables, or if our entry level systems represent an increasing
percentage of our future installed base mix uses less consumables than our
current installed base, our recurring revenue stream relative to our total
revenues would be reduced, and our operating results would be adversely
affected. Global economic,
political and social conditions have adversely impacted our sales, and may
continue to affect us more significantly in the future. Uncertainty with respect
to the global economy, difficulties in the financial services sector and credit
markets, geopolitical uncertainties and other macroeconomic factors all affect
spending behavior of potential end-users of our products and services. The
uncertain prospects for economic growth in some of the regions in which we sell
our products may cause end-users to delay or reduce technology purchases. We
also face risks that may arise from financial difficulties experienced by our
end-users, suppliers and distributors, which may be exacerbated by continued
uncertainty in the global economy, including: 10 Table of Contents ● | reduced end-user demand for products and reduced manufacturing activity levels;
● | distributors and end-users may be unable to obtain credit financing to finance purchases of our products;
● | suppliers may be unable to obtain credit financing to finance purchases of sub-assemblies used to build components of products or purchases of raw materials to produce consumables;
● | end-users or distributors may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to our inability to obtain payment for our products; and
● | key suppliers of raw materials, finished products or components used in our products and consumables may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to disruption in the supply of systems, consumables or spare parts to our end-users. Our
existing and planned international operations currently expose us and will
continue to expose us to additional market and operational risks, and failure to
manage these risks may adversely affect our business and operating
results. We expect to derive a
substantial percentage of our sales from international markets. We derived 40.5%
of our sales in 2016 from countries outside of North America. Accordingly, we
face significant operational risks from doing business internationally,
including: ● | fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
● | potentially longer sales and payment cycles;
● | potentially greater difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
● | potentially adverse tax consequences;
● | reduced protection of intellectual property rights in certain countries, particularly in Asia and South America;
● | difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
● | laws and business practices favoring local competition;
● | costs and difficulties of customizing products for foreign countries;
● | compliance with a wide variety of complex foreign laws, treaties and regulations;
● | tariffs, trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; and
● | being subject to the laws, regulations and the court systems of many jurisdictions. Our failure to manage the
market and operational risks associated with our international operations
effectively could limit the future growth of our business and adversely affect
our operating results. We are subject to
environmental laws due to the import and export of our products, which could
subject us to compliance costs and/or potential liability in the event of
non-compliance. The export of our products
internationally from our production facilities subjects us to environmental laws
and regulations concerning the import and export of chemicals and hazardous
substances such as the United States Toxic Substances Control Act, or TSCA, and
the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical
Substances, or REACH. These laws and regulations require the testing and
registration of some chemicals that we ship along with, or that form a part of,
our systems and other products. If we fail to comply with these or similar laws
and regulations, we may be required to make significant expenditures to
reformulate the chemicals that we use in our products and materials or incur
costs to register such chemicals to gain and/or regain compliance. Additionally,
we could be subject to significant fines or other civil and criminal penalties
should we not achieve such compliance. Significant disruptions
of our information technology systems or breaches of our data security could
adversely affect our business. A significant invasion,
interruption, destruction or breakdown of our information technology systems
and/or infrastructure by persons with authorized or unauthorized access could
negatively impact our business and operations. We could also experience business
interruption, information theft and/or reputational damage from cyber attacks,
which may compromise our systems and lead to data leakage either internally or
at our third party providers. Our systems have been, and are expected to
continue to be, the target of malware and other cyber attacks. Although we have
invested in measures to reduce these risks, we cannot assure you that these
measures will be successful in preventing compromise and/or disruption of our
information technology systems and related data. 11 Table of Contents Under applicable
employment laws, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete and
therefore may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the
expertise of some of our former employees. We generally enter into
non-competition agreements with our employees. These agreements prohibit our
employees from competing directly with us or working for our competitors or
clients for a limited period after they cease working for us. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws
of the jurisdictions in which our employees work and it may be difficult for us
to restrict our competitors from benefiting from the expertise that our former
employees or consultants developed while working for us. For example, Israeli
courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a
former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former
employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the employer
that have been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a company’s
confidential commercial information or the protection of its intellectual
property. If we cannot demonstrate that such interests will be harmed, we may be
unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of our
former employees or consultants and our ability to remain competitive may be
diminished. In addition in California, where many employees of our SDM parts
service are located, non-competition agreements with employees are generally
unenforceable after termination of employment. As a public company with
significant operations in several countries, we are subject to regulation and
must comply with reporting and other requirements in a number of jurisdictions
and, to the extent that regulatory authorities assert that we are not in
compliance, we could be subject to sanctions which, if material, could
materially and adversely affect our business. As
a public company with significant operations in Israel, the United States and many other countries, we are subject to regulation
and must comply with reporting and other requirements in a number of jurisdictions. In particular, we are subject to the rules
and regulations of the SEC and FINRA, which may elect from time to time to review or investigate our operations, various aspects
of our financial statements, our disclosure practices and other matters. As such reviews progress, the regulating agencies may
determine that we are and have been in compliance with applicable rules, or they may determine to pursue enforcement actions or
other sanctions against us for alleged noncompliance. As an example, on March 3, 2016, the enforcement division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, issued a subpoena to us requesting a number of documents as part of an investigation of the valuations and other calculations we used to assess the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets included in the balance sheet in our SEC filings. We have cooperated with the SEC and produced documents in the summer of 2016. If the SEC has any further information requests, we will continue to cooperate with that agency. Failure to comply with
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption
legislation could result in fines, criminal penalties and an adverse effect on
our business. We operate in a number of
countries throughout the world, including countries known to have a reputation
for corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable
anti-corruption laws. We are subject, however, to the risk that our affiliated
entities or our and our affiliates’ respective officers, directors, employees
and agents (including distributors of our products) may take action determined
to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as well as trade
sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S.
Department of Commerce. Any violation by any of these persons could result in
substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, or curtailment of
operations in certain jurisdictions, and might adversely affect our results of
operations. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our
reputation and ability to do business. We own a number of our
manufacturing and office facilities, which may limit our ability to move those
operations. If we were to move some or all of those operations, we could incur
unforeseen charges. We own buildings in Eden
Prairie, Minnesota, which we use to conduct our FDM manufacturing and assembly
operations, as well as our new office facility in Rehovot, Israel and
manufacturing facility in Kiryat Gat, Israel. Ownership of these buildings and
facilities may adversely affect our ability to move some or all of those
operations to other locations that may be more favorable. If we were to move any
of those operations to other locations, we may have difficulty selling or
leasing the property that we vacate. This risk also applies to the facilities
that we lease under non-cancellable lease agreements, where we cannot freely
vacate the facilities. These limitations on our ability to move could result in
an impairment charge, as occurred in 2015 in respect of some of our leased
facilities, which negatively impacted our results of operations, and could, in
future periods, once again have an adverse effect on our results of
operations. 12 Table of Contents Default in payment by
one or more resellers or customers from which we have large account receivable
balances could adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition. From time to time, our
accounts receivable balances have been concentrated with certain resellers or
customers. Default by one or more of these resellers or customers could result
in a significant charge against our current reported earnings. We have reviewed
our policies that govern credit and collections, and will continue to monitor
them in light of current payment status and economic conditions. In addition, we
try to reduce the credit exposures of our accounts receivable by credit limits
and credit insurance for many of our customers. However, there can be no
assurance that our efforts to identify potential credit risks will be
successful. Our inability to timely identify resellers and customers that are
credit risks could result in defaults at a time when such resellers or customers
have high accounts receivable balances with us. Any such default would result in
a significant charge against our earnings and adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. We are subject to
extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our operations use chemicals
and produce waste materials. We are subject to extensive environmental, health
and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements in multiple
jurisdictions governing, among other things, the generation, use, storage,
registration, handling and disposal of chemicals and waste materials, the
presence of specified substances in electrical products, the emission and
discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water, the cleanup of
contaminated sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to
our failure to properly dispose of chemicals and other waste materials and the
health and safety of our employees. Under these laws, regulations and
requirements, we could also be subject to liability for improper disposal of
chemicals and waste materials, including those resulting from the use of our
systems and accompanying materials by end-users. These or future laws and
regulations could potentially require the expenditure of significant amounts for
compliance and/or remediation. If our operations fail to comply with such laws
or regulations, we may be subject to fines and other civil, administrative or
criminal sanctions, including the revocation of permits and licenses necessary
to continue our business activities. In addition, we may be required to pay
damages or civil judgments in respect of third-party claims, including those
relating to personal injury (including exposure to hazardous substances that we
generate, use, store, handle, transport, manufacture or dispose of), property
damage or contribution claims. Some environmental laws allow for strict, joint
and several liabilities for remediation costs, regardless of fault. We may be
identified as a potentially responsible party under such laws. Such developments
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. We are currently subject
to a number of lawsuits. These and any future lawsuits to which we become
subject may have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition or profitability. We are subject to four
lawsuits, styled as class actions of our shareholders, which were initiated in
the United States District Courts for the District of Minnesota, the Southern
District of New York, and the Eastern District of New York on February 5, 9, and
20, 2015, and March 25, 2015, and which name the Company and certain of our
officers as defendants. The lawsuits allege violations of the Exchange Act in
connection with allegedly false and misleading statements concerning our
business and prospects. The plaintiffs seek damages and an award of reasonable
costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. On April 15, 2015, the cases were
consolidated for all purposes, and on April 24, 2015, the court entered an order
appointing lead plaintiffs and approving their selection of lead counsel for the
putative class. On July 1, 2015, lead plaintiffs filed their consolidated
complaint. On August 31, 2015, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated
complaint for failure to state a claim. The court heard the motion on December
11, 2015. On June 30, 2016, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss with
prejudice and entered judgment in favor of defendants. On July 29, 2016, lead
plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit from the court’s judgment. On September 22, 2016, lead
plaintiffs filed the opening initial brief on appeal. On October 24, 2016,
defendants filed their answering brief to appeal. On November 18, 2016, lead
plaintiffs filed the reply brief in support of their appeal. Oral arguments for appeal are scheduled for March 9, 2017. We intend to mount
vigorous defenses to these lawsuits. We can provide no assurance as
to the outcome of these or any future matters or actions, and any such matters
or actions may result in judgments against us for significant damages. Resolution of these matters
can be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate results or judgments are uncertain
due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other proceedings. Moreover,
our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new
developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary
requirements. Regardless of the outcome,
litigation has resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in
significant legal expenses and require significant attention and resources of
management. As a result, current and any future litigation could result in
losses, damages and expenses that have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition or profitability. 13 Table of Contents We rely on our
management information systems for inventory management, distribution, and other
key functions. If our information systems fail to adequately perform these
functions, or if we experience an interruption in their operation, our business
and operating results could be adversely affected. The efficient operation of our
business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely on our
management information systems: to, among other things, effectively manage our
accounting and financial functions, including maintaining our internal controls;
to manage our manufacturing and supply chain processes; and to maintain our
research and development data. The failure of our management information systems
to perform properly could disrupt our business and product development, which
may result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess or obsolete
inventory, and product shortages, causing our business and operating results to
suffer. Although we take steps to secure our management information systems,
including our computer systems, intranet and
internet sites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, the
security measures we have implemented may not be effective and our systems may
be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential
sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches, natural
or man-made disasters, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other
disruptive events. Our reputation, brand, and financial condition could be
adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or otherwise,
our operations are disrupted or shut down; our confidential, proprietary
information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required to pay fines
in connection with stolen customer, employee, or other confidential information;
we must dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber
security protection; or we otherwise incur significant litigation or other
costs. Compliance with
disclosure rules regarding “conflict minerals” may require us to incur expenses
or modify our products or operations and may also adversely affect the demand
for some of our products and our operating results. As required under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, in August 2012 the
SEC promulgated final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals
(tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold), and certain of their derivatives, known as
“conflict minerals,” which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo
and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer’s
efforts to prevent the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those
minerals. As required by these new rules, in 2013, we commenced due diligence
efforts to determine our use of conflict minerals, and we made our initial three
annual conflict mineral filings with the SEC (for calendar years 2013, 2104 and
2015) on June 2, 2014, June 1, 2015 and May 24, 2016, respectively. The rules
require us to make subsequent disclosures no later than May 31 of each following
year. A court ruling has overturned part of these SEC rules, by characterizing
the required identification of products as “DRC conflict free,” having “not been
found to be ‘DRC conflict free’” or “DRC conflict undeterminable” as compelled
speech that violates the First Amendment in the United States. Despite the
court’s ruling, the conflict minerals disclosures will nevertheless
remain in place for the report that we will need to submit in 2017 (in respect
of the 2016 year). We expect that we will continue to incur additional costs and
expenses, which may be significant, in order to comply with these rules. Since
our supply chain is complex, ultimately we may not be able to sufficiently
verify the origins for any conflict minerals and metals used in our products
through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may adversely
affect our reputation with our customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders.
In such event, we may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who require
that all of our products are certified as conflict mineral free. If we are not
able to meet such requirements, customers may choose not to purchase our
products, which could adversely affect our sales and the value of portions of
our inventory. Furthermore, there may be only a limited number of suppliers
offering conflict free minerals and, as a result, we cannot be sure that we will
be able to obtain metals, if necessary, from such suppliers in sufficient
quantities or at competitive prices. Any one or a combination of these various
factors could harm our business, reduce market demand for our products, and
adversely affect our profit margins, net sales, and overall financial results. Risks related to our
intellectual property If we are unable to
obtain patent protection for our products or otherwise protect our intellectual
property rights, our business could suffer. We rely on a combination of
patent and trademark laws in the United States and other countries, trade secret
protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with
our employees, end-users and others to maintain our competitive position. In
particular, our success depends, in part, on our ability, and the ability of our
licensors, to obtain patent protection for our and their products, technologies
and inventions, maintain the confidentiality of our and their trade secrets and
know-how, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and
prevent others from infringing upon our and their proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to protect
our proprietary rights, it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized
third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies, inventions,
processes or improvements. We cannot assure you that any of our existing or
future patents or other intellectual property rights will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or will otherwise provide us with meaningful
protection. Our pending patent applications may not be granted, and we may not
be able to obtain foreign patents or pending applications corresponding to our
U.S. patents. The laws of certain countries, such as China, may not provide the
same level of patent protection and intellectual property right enforcement as
in the United States, so even if we enforce our intellectual property rights or
obtain additional patents in China or elsewhere outside of the United States,
effective enforcement of such rights may not be effective. If our patents and
other intellectual property do not adequately protect our technology, our
competitors may be able to offer additive manufacturing systems, consumables or
other products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop
similar technology independently or design around our patents, and we may not be
able to detect the unauthorized use of our proprietary technology or take
appropriate steps to prevent such use. If we attempt enforcement of
our intellectual property rights, we may be (as we have been in the past)
subject or party to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation.
Intellectual property disputes and litigation, regardless of merit, can be
costly and disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention and
energies of management and key technical personnel, and by increasing our costs
of doing business. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operating
results. 14 Table of Contents We may be subject to
claims that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the
intellectual property rights of others. Our products and technology, including the technology that we
license from others, may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the
intellectual property rights of third parties. Patent applications in the United
States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they
are published, and the publication of discoveries in scientific or patent
literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a
result, the nature of claims contained in unpublished patent filings around the
world is unknown to us, and we cannot be certain that we were the first to
conceive inventions covered by our patents or patent applications or that we
were the first to file patent applications covering such inventions.
Furthermore, it is not possible to know in which countries patent holders may
choose to extend their filings under the Patent Cooperation Treaty or other
mechanisms. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement
claims from individuals, vendors and other companies, including those that have
acquired patents in the fields of 3D printing or consumable production for the
sole purpose of asserting claims against us. In addition to patent infringement
claims, we may be subject to other intellectual property claims, such as claims
that we are infringing trademarks or misappropriating trade secrets. We may also
be subject to claims relating to the content on our websites, including
third-party content posted on our Thingiverse.com or GrabCAD.com websites. Any
intellectual property claims, regardless of the merit or resolution of such
claims could cause us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and
resolving such claims, and may prohibit or otherwise impair our ability to
commercialize new or existing products. Resolution of such claims may, among
other things, require us to redesign infringing technology, enter into costly
settlement or license agreements on terms that are unfavorable to us, or require
us to indemnify our distributors and end-users. Any infringement by us or our
licensors of the intellectual property rights of third parties may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. If we are unable to
protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary
information may be used by others to compete against us, in particular in
developing consumables that could be used with our printing systems in place of
our proprietary consumables. We have devoted substantial
resources to the development of our technology, trade secrets, know-how and
other unregistered proprietary rights. While we enter into confidentiality and
invention assignment agreements intended to protect such rights, such agreements
can be difficult and costly to enforce or may not provide adequate remedies if
violated, and we may not have entered into such agreements with all relevant
parties. Such agreements may be breached and confidential information may be
willfully or unintentionally disclosed, or our competitors or other parties may
learn of the information in some other way. The disclosure to, or independent
development by, a competitor of any of our trade secrets, know-how or other
technology not protected by a patent or other intellectual property system could
materially reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage that we may have over
such competitor. This concern could manifest
itself in particular with respect to our proprietary consumables that are used
with our systems. Portions of our proprietary consumables may not be afforded
patent protection. Chemical companies or other producers of raw materials used
in our consumables may be able to develop consumables that are compatible to a
large extent with our systems, whether independently or in contravention of our
trade secret rights and related proprietary and contractual rights. If such
consumables are made available to owners of our systems, and are purchased in
place of our proprietary consumables, our revenues and profitability would be
reduced and we could be forced to reduce prices for our proprietary consumables. As our patents expire,
additional competitors using our technology could enter the market, which could
offer competitive printers and consumables, require us to reduce our prices for
our products and result in lost sales. Some of our patents have
expired and others will expire in coming years. Upon expiration of those
patents, our competitors have introduced, and are likely to continue to
introduce, products using the technology previously protected by the expired
patents, which products may have lower prices than those of our products. To
compete, we may need to reduce our prices for those products, which would
adversely affect our revenues, margins and profitability. Additionally, the
expiration of our patents could reduce barriers to entry into AM systems, which
could result in the reduction of our sales and earnings potential. Risks related to operations
in Israel Our
Israeli headquarters and manufacturing and other significant operations may be adversely affected by political, economic and military
instability in Israel. One of our dual corporate
headquarters, as well as all of our PolyJet-related system manufacturing and
research and development facilities, one of our two PolyJet consumables
manufacturing facilities, one of our FDM manufacturing facilities, and some of
our suppliers, are located in central and southern Israel. In addition, many of
our key employees, officers and directors are residents of Israel. Accordingly,
political, economic and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our
business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of
armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries.
Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade
between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations
and results of operations. During the winter of 2008-2009, in November 2012 and
once again in the summer of 2014, Israel has been engaged in armed conflict with
Hamas, a militia group and political party that controls the Gaza Strip, and
during the summer of 2006, Israel was engaged in an armed conflict with
Hezbollah, a Lebanese Islamist Shiite militia group and political party. These
conflicts involved missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of
Israel, including areas where some of our manufacturing facilities are located,
and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. Any armed conflicts,
terrorist activities or political instability in the region, including those
related to the unrest in Syria, could adversely affect business conditions and
could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to
raise capital. Parties with whom we do business have sometimes declined to travel to Israel during periods of heightened
unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in
order to meet our business partners face to face. In addition, parties with whom
we have agreements involving performance in Israel may claim that they are not
obligated to perform their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force
majeure provisions in such agreements due to the political or security situation
in Israel. 15 Table of Contents Furthermore, many of our male
employees in Israel, including members of our senior management, are obligated
to perform one month, and in some cases longer periods, of annual military
reserve duty until they reach the age of 45 (or older, for citizens who hold
certain positions in the Israeli armed forces reserves), and, in the event of a
military conflict (such as the last conflict with Hamas), may be called to
active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity from time to time
and as a result of the last conflict with Hamas, there have been periods of
significant call-ups of military reservists, and some of our Israeli employees
have been called up in connection with armed conflicts. It is possible that
there will be similar large-scale military reserve duty call-ups in the future.
Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of
Israeli employees or of one or more of our key Israeli employees. Such
disruption could materially adversely affect our business and operations. Our commercial insurance does
not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the
security situation in the Middle East. Although the Israeli government is
currently committed to covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that
are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this
government coverage will be maintained, or if maintained, will be sufficient to
compensate us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by our
Israeli operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any
armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively
affect business conditions generally and could harm our results of operations. Your rights and
responsibilities as a shareholder will be governed by Israeli law, which may
differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of
U.S. companies. We are organized under Israeli
law. The rights and responsibilities of the holders of our ordinary shares are
governed by our amended and restated articles of association and Israeli law.
These rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and
responsibilities of shareholders in typical U.S.-based corporations. In
particular, a shareholder of an Israeli company has a duty to act in good faith
toward the company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing its power
in the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting
of shareholders on matters such as amendments to a company’s articles of
association, increases in a company’s authorized share capital, mergers and
acquisitions and interested party transactions requiring shareholder approval.
In addition, a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine
the outcome of a shareholder vote or to appoint or prevent the appointment of a
director or executive officer in the company has a duty of fairness toward the
company. There is limited case law available to assist us in understanding the
implications of these provisions that govern shareholders’ actions. These
provisions may be interpreted to impose additional obligations and liabilities
on holders of our ordinary shares that are not typically imposed on shareholders
of U.S. corporations. Provisions of Israeli
law may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of,
our company, which could prevent a change of control, even when the terms of
such a transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders. Israeli corporate law
regulates mergers, requires tender offers for acquisitions of shares above
specified thresholds, requires special approvals for transactions involving
directors, officers or significant shareholders and regulates other matters that
may be relevant to such types of transactions. For example, a merger may not be
consummated unless at least 50 days have passed from the date on which a merger
proposal is filed by each merging company with the Israel Registrar of Companies
and at least 30 days have passed from the date on which the shareholders of both
merging companies have approved the merger. In addition, a majority of each
class of securities of the target company must approve a merger. Moreover, a
tender offer for all of a company’s issued and outstanding shares can only be
completed if the acquirer receives positive responses from the holders of at
least 95% of the issued share capital. Completion of the tender offer
also requires approval of a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal
interest in the tender offer, unless, following consummation of the tender
offer, the acquirer would hold at least 98% of the company’s outstanding shares.
Furthermore, the shareholders, including those who indicated their acceptance of
the tender offer, may, at any time within six months following the completion of
the tender offer, petition an Israeli court to alter the consideration for the
acquisition, unless the acquirer stipulated in its tender offer that a
shareholder that accepts the offer may not seek such appraisal rights. Furthermore, Israeli tax
considerations may make potential transactions unappealing to us or to our
shareholders whose country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel
exempting such shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does
not recognize tax-free share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With
respect to mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain
circumstances but makes the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of a number
of conditions, including a holding period of two years from the date of the
transaction during which sales and dispositions of shares of the participating
companies are subject to certain restrictions. Moreover, with respect to
certain share swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when
such time expires, the tax becomes payable even if no disposition of the shares
has occurred. These and other similar
provisions could delay, prevent or impede an acquisition of our company or our
merger with another company, even if such an acquisition or merger would be
beneficial to us or to our shareholders. 16 Table of Contents Exchange rate
fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the New Israeli Shekel, the Euro, the
Yen and other non-U.S. currencies may negatively affect the earnings of our
operations. We report our financial
results and most of our revenues are recorded in U.S. dollars. However,
substantially all of the manufacturing, research and development expenses of our
Israeli operations, as well as a portion of the cost of revenues, selling and
marketing, and general and administrative expenses of our Israeli operations,
are incurred in New Israeli Shekels. As a result, we are exposed to exchange
rate risks that may adversely affect our financial results. If the New Israeli
Shekel appreciates against the U.S. dollar or if the value of the New Israeli
Shekel declines against the U.S. dollar at a time when the rate of inflation in
the cost of Israeli goods and services exceeds the rate of decline in the
relative value of the New Israeli Shekel, then the U.S. dollar cost of our
operations in Israel would increase and our results of operations would be
adversely affected Our Israeli operations also could be adversely affected if we
are unable to effectively hedge against currency fluctuations in the future. We
cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate
of devaluation (if any) of the New Israeli Shekel against the U.S. dollar. The
Israeli annual rate of deflation amounted to 0.2%, 1.0% , and 0.2% for the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The annual
appreciation (devaluation) of the New Israeli Shekel in relation to the U.S.
dollar amounted to 1.5%, (0.3%) and (12. 0%) for the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We also have substantial
revenues and expenses that are denominated in non-US currencies other than the
New Israeli Shekel, particularly the Euro. Therefore, our operating results and
cash flows are also subject to fluctuations due to changes in the relative
values of the U.S. dollar and those foreign currencies. These fluctuations could
negatively affect our operating results and could cause our revenues and net
income or loss to vary from quarter to quarter. Furthermore, to the extent that
our revenues increase in regions such as Asia Pacific, where our sales are
denominated in U.S. dollars, a strengthening of the dollar against other
currencies could make our products less competitive in those foreign markets and
collection of receivables more difficult. From time to time we engage in
currency hedging activities. These measures, however, may not adequately protect
us from material adverse effects due to the impact of inflation in Israel or
from fluctuations in the relative values of the U.S. dollar and other foreign
currencies in which we transact business, and may result in a financial loss.
For further information, please see “Item 11. Quantitative And Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk” in this annual report. Calculating our income
tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty. We currently receive Israeli
government tax benefits in respect of our Israeli operations. If we do not meet
several conditions for receipt of those benefits, or if the Israeli government
otherwise decides to eliminate those benefits, they may be terminated or
reduced, which would impact our income tax rate and increase our
costs. The computation of income
taxes is complex because it is based on the laws of numerous taxing
jurisdictions and requires significant judgment on the application of
complicated rules governing accounting for tax provisions under GAAP. Income
taxes for interim quarters are based on a forecast of our effective tax rate for
the year, which includes forward-looking financial projections. Such financial
projections are based on numerous assumptions, including the expectations of
profit and loss by jurisdiction. It is difficult to accurately forecast various
items that make up the projections, and such items may be treated as discrete
accounting. Examples of items that could cause variability in our income tax
rate include our mix of income by jurisdiction, changes in our uncertain tax positions , the application of transfer pricing rules, and tax audits. Future
events, such as changes in our business and the tax law in the jurisdictions
where we do business, could also affect our rate. One important assumption that
goes into calculation of our tax rate is the tax benefit that we receive in
respect of some of our operations in Israel, referred to as “Approved
Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise”, under the Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law. Based on an evaluation of
the relevant factors under the Investment Law, including the level of foreign
(that is, non-Israeli) investment in our company, we have estimated that our
effective tax rate to be paid with respect to all Israeli operations under these
benefit programs is 7% to 12%, based on the current balance of activity between
our Rehovot, Israel and Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities and the available level of
benefits under the law. If we do not meet the requirements for maintaining these
benefits, they may be reduced or cancelled and the relevant operations would be
subject to Israeli corporate tax at the standard rate, which in 2017 is set at
24% and as of 2018 will be 23% (the corporate tax rate was 26.5% and 25% in 2015
and 2016, respectively). In addition to being subject to the standard corporate
tax rate, we would be required to refund any tax benefits that we have already
received as adjusted by the Israeli consumer price index, plus interest or other
monetary penalties. Even if we continue to meet the relevant requirements, the
tax benefits that our current “Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise”
receive may not be continued in the future at their current levels or at all. If
these tax benefits were reduced or eliminated, the amount of taxes that we pay
would likely increase, as all of our operations would consequently be subject to
corporate tax at the standard rate, which may cause our effective tax rate to be
materially different than our estimates and could adversely affect our results
of operations. Additionally, if we increase our activities outside of Israel,
for example, via acquisitions, our increased activities may not be eligible for
inclusion in Israeli tax benefit programs, and that could also adversely affect
our effective tax rate and our results of operations. 17 Table of Contents The Israeli government may
furthermore independently determine to reduce, phase out or eliminate entirely
the benefit programs under the Investment Law, regardless of whether we then
qualify for benefits under those programs at the time, which would also
adversely affect our effective tax rate and our results of operations. Certain Israeli
governmental grants that we received for certain of our research and development
activities in Israel may restrict our ability to transfer manufacturing
operations or technology outside of Israel without obtaining a pre-approval from
the relevant authorities and, in certain circumstances, payment of significant
amounts to the authorities. Our Israeli-based research and
development efforts were and are financed in part, through grants that we
received from the National Technological Innovation Authority, or the Authority
(formerly operating as Office of the Chief Scientist of the Ministry of Economy
of the State of Israel, or the OCS). Through 2006, Objet received grants from
the OCS of approximately $1.5 million, which it repaid in its entirety
(including interest thereon) by the end of 2007. More recently, we have received
additional funding from the Authority of approximately $4.3 million, in the
aggregate (as of December 31, 2016), under several R&D programs to support
certain research and development projects in Israel. Such funding is not subject
to royalty obligations on our part. We must comply with the
requirements of the Israeli Encouragement of Research, Development and
Technological Innovation Law, 5744-1984, or the Innovation Law (formerly known
as the Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development Law, 5744-1984, or
the Research Law), and related regulations, with respect to those current and
past grants. When a company develops
know-how, technology or products using grants provided by the Authority, the
terms of these grants and the Innovation Law restrict the transfer of such
know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or manufacturing rights of such
products, technologies or know-how outside of Israel. Even after the repayment
of such grants in full, we will remain subject to the restrictions set forth
under the Innovation Law, including: ● | Transfer of know-how outside of Israel . Any transfer of the know-how that was developed with the funding of the Authority, outside of Israel, requires prior approval of the Authority, and the payment of a redemption fee.
● | Local manufacturing obligation . The terms of the grants under the Innovation Law require that the manufacturing of products resulting from Authority-funded programs be carried out in Israel, unless a prior written approval of the Authority is obtained (except for a transfer of up to 10% of the production rights, for which a notification to the Authority is sufficient).
● | Certain reporting obligations . We, as any recipient of a grant or a benefit under the Innovation Law, are required to file reports on the progress of activities for which the grant was provided as well as on our revenues from know-how and products funded by the Authority. In addition, we are required to notify the Authority of certain events detailed in the Innovation Law. Therefore, if aspects of our
technologies are deemed to have been developed with OCS funding, the
discretionary approval of an OCS committee would be required for any transfer to
third parties outside of Israel of know-how or manufacturing or manufacturing
rights related to those aspects of such technologies. We may not receive those
approvals. Furthermore, the OCS may impose certain conditions on any arrangement
under which it permits us to transfer technology or development out of Israel. The transfer of OCS-supported
technology or know-how outside of Israel may involve the payment of significant
amounts, depending upon the value of the transferred technology or know-how, the
amount of OCS support, the time of completion of the OCS-supported research
project and other factors. Furthermore, the consideration available to our
shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel of
technology or know-how developed with OCS funding (such as a merger or similar
transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are required to pay to the
OCS. We received grants from the
OCS prior to an extensive amendment to the Research Law that came into effect as
of January 1, 2016, or the Amendment, which may also affect the terms of
existing grants. The Amendment provides for an interim transition period (which
has not yet expired), after which time our grants will be subject to terms of
the Amendment. Under the Research Law, as amended by the Amendment, the
Authority is provided with a power to modify the terms of existing grants. Such
changes, if introduced by the Authority in the future, may impact the terms
governing our grants. It may be difficult to
enforce a U.S. judgment against us and our officers and directors in Israel or
the United States, or to serve process on our officers and
directors. We are organized in Israel.
Most of our officers and most of our directors (as of December 31, 2016) reside
outside of the United States, and a majority of our assets are located outside
of the United States. Therefore, a judgment obtained against us or any of our
executive officers and directors in the United States, including one based on
the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be
collectible in the United States and may not be enforced by an Israeli court. It
also may be difficult for you to effect service of process on these persons in
the United States or to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions
instituted in Israel. 18 Table of Contents Risks related to an
investment in our ordinary shares If certain of our
shareholders sell a substantial number of our ordinary shares, the market price
of our ordinary shares could decline. Former MakerBot stockholders
and certain MakerBot employees, former Solid Concepts stockholders and option
holders, and certain Solid Concepts employees, and certain Harvest Technologies
employees and former stockholders, may resell the ordinary shares that we issued
or may issue to them pursuant to the MakerBot transaction, Solid Concepts
acquisition or Harvest Technologies acquisition, as applicable, under Rule 144
under the Securities Act, or Rule 144, which allows for the resale of the
foregoing groups of shares. Under the
terms of the MakerBot and Solid Concepts merger agreements, and the Harvest
Technologies stock purchase agreement, we issued at the closing of the
transactions on August 15, 2013, July 14, 2014 and August 1, 2014, respectively,
3,921,660 ordinary shares, 978,601 ordinary shares and 175,456 ordinary shares
(after withholding certain shares for taxes, where applicable), which may be
sold or may have already been sold, in whole or part, to the public following
the closings. Those shares together constituted approximately 10% of our issued
and outstanding shares, in the aggregate, as of the closing date of the Harvest
Technologies acquisition (following the issuance of the shares in the Harvest
Technologies acquisition). We have subsequently issued since the respective
closings, an additional 635,939, 492,145 and 26,614 ordinary shares to the
selling shareholders and/or employees pursuant to the MakerBot transaction,
Solid Concepts acquisition and Harvest Technologies acquisition, respectively, which
may be subsequently resold without restriction under Rule 144. We may also issue
up to an additional approximately 360,000 ordinary shares
and approximately 32,500 (based on our share price as of
December 31, 2016) ordinary shares to the selling shareholders and/or employees
in respect of periods through mid-2017 and early 2018 pursuant to the terms of
the Solid Concepts merger agreement and Harvest Technologies stock purchase
agreement, respectively, which may be subsequently resold without restriction
under Rule 144. Sales of a significant number of the foregoing shares in a short
period of time could have the effect of depressing the market price of our
ordinary shares. The market price of our
ordinary shares may be subject to fluctuation, regardless of our operating
results and financial condition. As a result, our shareholders could incur
substantial losses. The market price of our
ordinary shares since the Stratasys-Objet merger has been subject to substantial
fluctuation. From the start of 2015 through the early part of 2017 (through February 28, 2017 ), our ordinary shares have traded with closing prices that
have ranged from $15.24 to $81.05 . The price of our ordinary shares may continue
to be subject to substantial fluctuation regardless of our operating results or
financial condition due to a number of factors, including: ● | whether we achieve the perceived benefits of the mergers or acquisitions that we consummate as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts;
● | whether the effects on our business and prospects of the mergers or acquisitions that we consummate are consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts;
● | variations in our and our competitors’ results of operations and financial condition;
● | market acceptance of our products;
● | the mix of products that we sell, and related services that we provide, during any period;
● | changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts;
● | development of new competitive systems and services by others;
● | our announcements of technological innovations or new products;
● | delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products;
● | developments concerning intellectual property rights;
● | changes in the amount that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, technologies or businesses;
● | changes in our expenditures to promote our products and services;
● | changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty obligations and servicing our installed base of systems;
● | success or failure of research and development projects of the combined company or its competitors;
● | the general tendency towards volatility in the market prices of shares of technology companies; and
● | general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. These factors and any
corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market
price of our ordinary shares and result in substantial losses being incurred by
our shareholders. Market prices for securities
of technology companies historically have been very volatile. The market for
these securities has from time to time experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of any one
company. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company
shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation. Such
securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert the resources
and attention of our management from our business. 19 Table of Contents Raising additional
capital by issuing securities may cause dilution to our shareholders, and may
furthermore be difficult in the current market environment. We may need or desire to raise
substantial capital in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including, among others: ● | the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies and other strategic relationships;
● | our degree of success in capturing a larger portion of additive manufacturing demand;
● | the costs of establishing or acquiring sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our products;
● | the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our issued patents and defending intellectual property-related claims; and
● | the costs of financing unanticipated working capital requirements and responding to competitive pressures. If we raise funds by issuing
equity or convertible debt securities, it will reduce the percentage ownership
of our then-existing shareholders, and the holders of such new securities may
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those possessed by our
then-existing shareholders. The current market price for
our ordinary shares, which has declined significantly since its all-time high in
periods following the Stratasys-Objet merger, also adversely impacts our ability
to raise funds in the capital markets. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share
price does not appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and
could potentially suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary
shares. We intend to retain all
available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of
our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our ordinary shares
will be investors’ sole source of a return on their investment for the
foreseeable future. Even if we decide to pay
dividends on our ordinary shares, we may be restricted from doing so or payment
of such dividends may have adverse consequences for our
company. Under the Companies Law,
dividends may only be paid out of our profits and other surplus funds (as
defined in the Companies Law) as of the end of the most recent year or as
accrued over a period of the most recent two years, whichever amount is greater,
provided that there is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will
prevent us from satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they
become due. In the event that we do not meet the profit and surplus funds
criteria, we can seek the approval of an Israeli court in order to distribute a
dividend. The court may approve our request if it is convinced that there is no
reasonable concern that the payment of a dividend will prevent us from
satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. Due to
the acquisition method of accounting utilized for the Stratasys-Objet merger and
the MakerBot transaction under GAAP, pursuant to which we were deemed to have
acquired Objet’s assets, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant
annual amounts of depreciation and amortization expense in respect of those
assets (see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this
annual report for more information on the method of accounting for the MakerBot
transaction). We are also subject to the risk of impairment charges from time to
time to our acquired assets, as occurred in 2015, when we incurred over $1.2
billion in impairment charges. These significant annual expenses under GAAP have
reduced, and may continue to reduce or eliminate, our profits and surplus funds
as determined under the Companies Law, and, hence, may restrict our ability to
pay dividends (absent court approval). In general, the payment of
dividends may also be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. In addition, because
we receive certain benefits under the Israeli law relating to “Approved
Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise”, our payment of dividends (out of
tax-exempt income) may subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not
otherwise be subject. See “Risks related to our operations in Israel—The
government tax benefits that we currently receive require us to meet several
conditions and may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase
our costs.” We are a foreign private
issuer under the rules and regulations of the SEC and are therefore exempt from
a number of rules under the Exchange Act and are permitted to file less
information with the SEC than a domestic U.S. reporting company, which will
reduce the level and amount of disclosure that you receive. As a foreign private issuer
under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act,
including the proxy rules, which impose certain disclosure and procedural
requirements for proxy solicitations. Moreover, we are not required to file
periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as
promptly as domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the
Exchange Act; and are not required to comply with Regulation FD, which imposes
certain restrictions on the selective disclosure of material information. In
addition, our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the
reporting and “short-swing” profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the
Exchange Act and the rules under the Exchange Act with respect to their
purchases and sales of our ordinary shares. Accordingly, you receive less
information about our company and trading in our shares by our affiliates than
you would receive about a domestic U.S. company, and are afforded less
protection under the U.S. federal securities laws than you would be afforded in
holding securities of a domestic U.S. company. 20 Table of Contents As a foreign private issuer,
we are also permitted, and have begun, to follow certain home country corporate
governance practices instead of those otherwise required under the Listing Rules
of the NASDAQ Stock Market for domestic U.S. issuers. We have informed NASDAQ
that we follow home country practice in Israel with regard to, among other
things, director nomination procedure and approval of compensation of officers. In addition, we have opted to
follow home country law instead of the Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
that require that a listed company obtain shareholder approval for certain
dilutive events, such as the establishment or amendment of certain equity-based
compensation plans, an issuance that will result in a change of control of the
company, certain transactions other than a public offering involving issuances
of a 20% or greater interest in the company, and certain acquisitions of the
stock or assets of another company. Following our home country governance
practices as opposed to the requirements that would otherwise apply to a United
States company listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market may provide our
shareholders with less protection than they would have as shareholders of a
domestic U.S. company. Our status as a foreign
private issuer is subject to an annual review and test, and will be tested again
as of June 30, 2017 (the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of
2017). If we lose our status as a foreign private issuer, we will no longer be
exempt from such rules. Among other things, beginning on January 1, 2018, we
would be required to file periodic reports and financial statements on a
periodic basis (including both an annual report in respect of 2017 and quarterly
reports in respect of each of the quarters of 2018) as if we were a company
incorporated in the U.S., which, among other things, could result in increased
compliance and reporting costs to us. If we are unable to
satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as they apply to a foreign private issuer, or if our
internal controls over financial reporting are not effective, the reliability of
our financial statements may be questioned and our share price may
suffer. We are subject to the
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, which
requires a company that is subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S.
securities laws to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of its and its
subsidiaries’ internal controls over financial reporting. To comply with this
statute, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures,
and our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our
internal controls over financial reporting, in each case on an annual basis. In
addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue
an opinion on the effectiveness on our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404. We have prepared for
compliance with Section 404 by strengthening, assessing and testing our system
of internal controls to provide the basis for our management’s report. The
continuous process of strengthening our internal controls and complying with
Section 404 is complicated and time-consuming. If our business continues to grow
internationally, our internal controls will become more complex and will require
significantly more resources and attention to ensure that they remain effective
overall. Over the course of testing our internal controls, our management may
identify material weaknesses, which may not be remedied in a timely manner on an
ongoing basis. If our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of
our internal controls over financial reporting, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm identifies material weaknesses in our internal controls,
investor confidence in our financial results may weaken, and our share price may
suffer. If we are classified as
a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, our U.S. shareholders may suffer
adverse tax consequences. Generally, if for any taxable
year, after applying certain look-through rules, 75% or more of our gross income
is passive income, or at least 50% of the value of our assets are held for the
production of, or produce, passive income, we may be characterized as a PFIC for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Passive income for this purpose generally
includes, among other things, certain dividends, interest, royalties, rents and
gains from commodities and securities transactions and from the sale or exchange
of property that gives rise to passive income. If we are a PFIC, gain realized
by a U.S. shareholder on the sale of our ordinary shares may be taxed as
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain income), and an interest charge
added to the tax. Rules similar to those applicable to the taxation of gains
realized on the disposition of our stock would apply to distributions exceeding
certain thresholds. Although we do not believe
that we were a PFIC in 2016, we cannot assure you that the IRS will agree with
that conclusion or that we will not become a PFIC in 2017 or in a subsequent
year. The tests for determining PFIC status are applied annually, and it is
difficult to make accurate predictions of our future income and the future value
of our assets. U.S. shareholders should consult with their own U.S. tax advisors
with respect to the U.S. tax consequences of investing in our ordinary shares.
For a discussion of how we might be characterized as a PFIC and related tax
consequences, please see Item 10.E, “Additional Information—Taxation—U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations—Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign
Investment Company”. 21 Table of Contents ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE
COMPANY. A. History and Development
of the Company Our legal and commercial name
is Stratasys Ltd., and we are the product of the 2012 merger of two leading
additive manufacturing companies, Stratasys, Inc. and Objet Ltd. Stratasys, Inc.
was incorporated in Delaware in 1989, and Objet Ltd. was incorporated in Israel
in 1998, under the name Objet Geometries Ltd., which was changed in 2011 to
Objet Ltd. On December 1, 2012, the two companies completed the Stratasys-Objet
merger, pursuant to which Stratasys, Inc. became an indirect, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Objet Ltd., and Objet Ltd. changed its name to Stratasys Ltd.
Also, as part of that transaction, the ordinary shares of Stratasys Ltd. were
listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol “SSYS”, in
place of the listing of the common stock of Stratasys, Inc., which had also
traded under that symbol. On August 15, 2013 we acquired Cooperation Technology
Corporation, or MakerBot, which was the direct parent company of MakerBot
Industries, LLC, a leader in desktop 3D printing, and which owned and operated
Thingiverse.com, a website dedicated to the sharing of user-created digital
design files. The business of MakerBot (including Thingiverse.com) is now operated by a subsidiary of
our company. In July 2014 and August 2014, we completed the acquisitions of
Solid Concepts and Harvest Technologies, respectively, two leading providers of
additive manufacturing services. Following those last two acquisitions, in 2015,
we introduced our branded Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, or SDM, service, which
significantly broadened and increased our production and offering of AM parts,
which are used by our customers as prototypes, benchmarks and end-use
parts. We have dual headquarters. Our
registered office and one of our two principal places of business is located at
1 Holtzman Street, Science Park, P.O. Box 2496, Rehovot 76124, Israel, and our
telephone number at that office is (+972)-74-745-4314. Our other principal place
of business is located at 7665 Commerce Way, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, and our
telephone number there is (952) 937-3000. Our agent in the United States is S.
Scott Crump, our Chairman of the Executive Committee, whose address is c/o
Stratasys Inc. at the address of our Eden Prairie, Minnesota headquarters. Our
World Wide Web address is www.stratasys.com. The information contained on that
web site (or on our other web sites, including www.objet.com) is not a part of
this annual report. As an Israeli company, we operate under the provisions of
Israel’s Companies Law, 5759-1999. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, our
capital expenditures amounted to $ 47.1 million, $87.0 million and $62.3 million,
respectively, of which $ 45.1 million, $84.3 million and $60.5 million,
respectively, was principally related to the purchase (or construction) of
property, plant and equipment. During 2016, our principal property and equipment
investment was the construction of our new facility at our new property in
Rehovot, Israel, which we own, and where we moved our Israeli headquarters
during January, 2017. This new facility, towards which we paid $ 18.2 million
during 2016, also houses research and development facilities. As of December 31, 2016 we invested in our new facility in Israel and its related equipment approximately $58.4 million. Our remaining
capital expenditures in 2016 related primarily to manufacturing and engineering
development equipment, leasehold improvements and computer systems and software
applications. Other purchases of property
and equipment that we have made over 2015 and 2014 have been mainly for
facilities expansion, manufacturing equipment and
information technology, primarily for our facilities in the United States,
Israel and Germany. These expenditures were financed internally from our working
capital. B. Business
overview We are a leading global
provider of 3D printing and additive manufacturing, or AM, solutions for the
creation of parts used in the processes of designing and manufacturing products
and for the direct manufacture of end parts. Our solutions include products
ranging from entry-level desktop 3D printers to systems for rapid prototyping,
or RP, and large production systems for direct digital manufacturing, or DDM. We
also develop, manufacture and sell materials for use with our systems and
provide related services offerings. We believe that the range of 3D printing
consumable materials that we offer, consisting of 15 fused deposition modeling
(FDM), cartridge-based materials, 26 PolyJet cartridge-based materials, five
smooth curvature printing (SCP) inkjet-based materials, 158 non-color digital
materials, and over 1,500 color variations, as well as our four SolidScape
non-toxic thermoplastic modeling materials, is the widest in the industry. Our
services offerings include Stratasys Direct Manufacturing printed parts service
as well as our professional services. 3D printing, which is also
referred to as additive manufacturing, is transforming prototype development
manufacturing processes and is displacing (or, in certain cases, complementing)
certain segments of traditional, or subtractive, manufacturing methodologies
such as metal extrusion, computer-controlled machining and manual modeling
techniques. With respect to product design and prototype development, 3D
printing significantly improves the design process, reduces the time required
for product development and facilitates creativity, while keeping the most or
all of the design process in-house. 3D printing also enables the direct
manufacture of parts that are subsequently incorporated into a user’s end
product. In addition, manufacturers are increasingly using 3D printing systems
to produce manufacturing tools such as jigs and fixtures, that aid in their
production and assembly processes. While 3D printing has historically been
focused on design and manufacturing applications, 3D printing is beginning to
show signs of broader adoption through simplification, with the growth of
entry-level desktop 3D printers. Our products and services are
used in different applications by customers in a broad array of industries,
including aerospace, automotive, consumer electronics, consumer goods, medical
processes and medical devices, education, dental, jewelry and more. Our
customers range from individuals and smaller businesses to large, global
enterprises, and we include a number of Fortune 100 companies among our
customers. We offer a broad range of
systems, consumables and services for 3D printing and additive manufacturing.
Our wide range of solutions, based on our proprietary 3D printing technologies
and materials, enhance the ability of designers, engineers and manufacturers
to: ● | visualize and communicate product ideas and designs;
● | verify the form, fit and function of prototypes; 22 Table of Contents ● | manufacture tools, jigs, fixtures, casts and injection molds used in the process of manufacturing end-products;
● | manufacture customized and short-run end-products more efficiently and with greater agility; and
● | produce objects that could not otherwise be manufactured through subtractive manufacturing methodologies. The primary focus of our 3D
printing solutions has been for use for prototyping, tooling and manufacturing,
and within the vertical markets of auto, aero, medical, dental, jewelry and
education. Our portfolio offers a variety of performance options for our
customers, depending on their desired application, as well as on the nature and
size of the designs, prototypes or end-products they seek to produce. Our wide
range of systems allows us to offer our customers systems at a number of
different price points, depending on the features that our customers desire. We benefit from recurring
revenues from the sale of resin and plastic consumables and related services. We
provide products and services to our global customer base throughout our offices
in North America and internationally, including: Baden-Baden, Germany; Hong
Kong; São Paulo, Brazil; Shanghai, China; and Tokyo, Japan, as well as through
our worldwide network of approximately 200 agents and resellers. Additionally,
through our MakerBot subsidiary, we deploy an online sales channel. We have
approximately 2,500 employees and hold more than 1,200 granted patents or
pending patent applications worldwide. Industry
overview Historically, prototype
development and customized manufacturing have been performed by traditional
methods using metal extrusion, computer-controlled machining and manual modeling
techniques, in which blocks of material are carved or milled into specific
objects. These subtractive manufacturing methodologies have numerous
limitations. They often require specialist technicians and can be time- and
labor-intensive. The time intensity of traditional modeling can leave little
room for design error or subsequent redesign without meaningfully impacting a
product’s time-to-market and development cost. As a result, prototypes have
traditionally been created only at selected milestones late in the design
process, which prevents designers from truly visualizing and verifying the
design of an object in the preliminary design stage. The inability to iterate a
design rapidly hinders collaboration among design team members and other
stakeholders and reduces the ability to optimize a design, as time-to-market and
optimization become necessary trade-offs in the design process. 3D printing addresses the
inherent limitations of traditional modeling technologies through its
combination of functionality, quality, ease of use, speed and cost. 3D printing
can be significantly more efficient and effective than traditional model-making
techniques for use across the design process, from concept modeling and design
review and validation, to fit and function prototyping, pattern making and
tooling, to direct manufacturing of repeatable, cost-effective parts, short-run
parts and customized end products. Introducing 3D modeling earlier in the design
process to evaluate fit, form and function can result in faster time-to-market
and lower product development costs. For customized manufacturing,
3D printers eliminate the need for complex manufacturing set-ups and reduce the
cost and lead-time associated with conventional tooling. DDM involves the use of
3D production systems for the direct manufacture of parts that are subsequently
incorporated into the user’s end product or manufacturing process. DDM is
particularly attractive in applications that require short-run or low-volume
parts or rapid turn-around, and for which tooling would not be appropriate due
to small volumes. DDM also enables the production of objects that have been
topologically designed, or designed on the basis of a computerized determination
of where to place the key components of the object and how to connect them, a
process that is generally unavailable using conventional subtractive
manufacturing methodologies. The first commercial 3D
printers were introduced in the early 1990s, and since the early 2000s, 3D
printing technology has evolved significantly in terms of price, variety and
quality of materials, accuracy, ability to create complex objects, ease of use
and suitability for office environments. 3D printing is already replacing
traditional prototype development methodologies across various industries such
as architecture, automotive, aerospace and defense, electronics, medical,
footwear, toys, educational institutions, government and entertainment,
underscoring its potential suitability for an even broader range of industries.
Additionally, 3D printing has created new applications for model-making in
certain new market categories, such as: education, where institutions are
increasingly incorporating 3D printing into their engineering and design course
programs; dental and orthodontic applications, where 3D printed models are being
used as replacements for traditional stone models, implants and surgical guides
and for crowns and bridges for casting; and jewelry, where 3D printers are being
used to produce custom-designed pieces of jewelry. Furthermore, 3D printing is
being used in many industries for the direct digital manufacturing of end-use
parts. Desktop 3D printer usage has
shown rapid growth, with the introduction and adoption of affordable entry-level
3D printers and increased availability and content. These entry-level desktop
printers have increased market adoption by professional designers and education
institutes. We expect that the adoption of 3D printing will continue to increase
in the future, in terms of design applications, on the one hand, and DDM
applications, on the other hand. We believe that the expansion of the market
will be spurred by increased proliferation of 3D content and 3D authoring tools
(3D computer-aided-design, or CAD, and other simplified 3D authoring tools), as
well as increased availability of 3D scanners. We also believe that increased
adoption of 3D printing will be facilitated by continued improvements in 3D
printing technology and greater affordability of entry-level systems. We are
active in facilitating the growth of the 3D printing market by bringing
intuitive, design-to-3D print solutions to the market. We also believe that the
increasing adoption of 3D printing in manufacturing processes serves as an
important source of growth in the 3D printing industry. 23 Table of Contents Stratasys
solutions Range of
solutions We provide an integrated
solutions offering for different vertical markets focusing on aerospace,
automotive, healthcare and education that includes compatible products and
services that are designed for our customers’ use cases and effectively solve
their specific applicative needs. Our solutions consists of a broad range of 3D
printing systems, consumables, software, paid parts, and strategic consulting
and professional services. Our solutions allow our
end-users to print 3D models and parts that enhance their ability to visualize,
verify and communicate product designs, thereby improving the design,
development and validation processes and reducing time-to-market. Our systems
create visual aids for concept modeling and functional prototyping to test fit,
form and function, permitting rapid evaluation of product designs. Using
presentation models developed with our systems, designers and engineers can
typically conduct design reviews and identify potential design flaws earlier in
the process and improvements before incurring significant costs due to
re-tooling and rework, allowing them to optimize a design rapidly and
cost-effectively. Our systems also aid in the
communication of ideas otherwise communicated in abstract or 2D media. For
example, a model produced with our systems may be used as a sales tool, as a
model or part display or simply for use in conducting a focus group. It may also
be used for collaboration in the product design and manufacturing cycles at
multiple locations more quickly, enabling visualization, touch and feel, which
can be critical to the product evaluation or sales process. Our solutions also empower our
end-users to quickly and efficiently manufacture parts that are subsequently
incorporated into the user’s manufacturing processes and improve its
effectiveness. For instance, our solutions enable the production of
manufacturing tools such as jigs, fixtures, casts and injection molds that aid
in the production and assembly process. Additive Manufacturing of
end-use-parts, using our solutions, is also particularly attractive in
applications that require short-run or low-volume parts that require rapid
turn-around, and for which tooling would not be cost-efficient due to small
volumes, such as various applications in the aerospace, automotive, medical,
dental and jewelry industries. Our solutions also enable the production of
objects that generally could not otherwise be manufactured through subtractive
manufacturing methodologies. Our solutions offering is
characterized by the following distinguishing qualities: ● | material properties of printed objects, such as heat resistance, toughness, brittleness, elongation-to-break, color and flexibility;
● | quality of printed objects measured by, among other things, resolution, accuracy and surface quality;
● | multiple production-grade modeling materials;
● | reliability of printing systems;
● | speed of printing, including a one-step automated modeling process;
● | customer service;
● | ability to be used in an office environment;
● | ease of use; and
● | automatic, hands-free support removal. Range of technologies
and differentiating factors Our solutions are driven by
our proprietary technologies, brought together through the combination of our
constituent companies, each of which was a leader in the 3D printing industry.
We hold more than 1,200 granted or pending patents internationally, and our 3D
printing systems utilize our patented FDM ® and inkjet-based PolyJet ™ technologies to enable the production of prototypes, tools used for
production and manufactured goods directly from 3D CAD files or other 3D
content. We believe that our broad range of product and service offerings is a
function of our 3D printing technology leadership. A key attribute of our
FDM ® 3D printing technology is its ability to use a variety of
production grade thermoplastic building materials that feature surface
resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color, and mechanical properties
necessary for production of functional prototypes and parts for a variety of
industries with specific demands and requirements. Use of these materials also
enables the production of highly durable end parts as well as objects with
soluble cores for the manufacture of hollow parts, the manufacture of which were
previously dependent on slower and more expensive subtractive manufacturing
technologies. 24 Table of Contents We believe that this
technology is differentiated by a number of factors that make it appropriate for
3D printing and additive manufacturing. These factors include: ● | the ability to use FDM ® systems in an office environment due to the absence of hazardous emissions;
● | the relative absence of post-production processing;
● | minimal material waste;
● | better processing and build repeatability;
● | ease of use, with minimal system set up requirements;
● | no need for costly replacement lasers and laser parts; and
● | a high degree of precision and reliability. We believe that our
inkjet-based 3D printing technology is primarily differentiated from other
competing technologies in its ability to scale and deliver high-resolution and
multi-material, full-color 3D printing. Our easy-to-use, PolyJet ™ 3D
printers create high-resolution, smooth surface finish models that have the
look, feel and functionality of the final designed product. We offer a wide
variety of office-friendly resin consumables, including rigid and flexible
(rubber-like) materials and bio-compatible materials for medical applications.
Using our PolyJet ™ digital materials technology, our solutions also
offer the only 3D printing systems that deposit multiple materials
simultaneously. This enables users, in a single build process, to print parts
and assemblies made of multiple materials that each retain their distinct
mechanical and physical properties. For example, users can print objects with
both rigid and flexible portions in a single build, or mix different base colors
in order to achieve desired color tone. The PolyJet ™ technology also enables on-demand mixing of a wide variety of resins to create a
wide range of pre-defined digital materials, which are composite materials with
modified physical or mechanical and color properties that result from the
combination of multiple materials. The wide range of colors in which objects can
be printed (over 1,500, as noted below) is another one of the key
differentiating attributes for our 3D printers. Our PolyJet inkjet-based 3D
printing technology is also currently distinguished by its ability to offer a
wide variety of materials including multi-material printing within a single part,
in an office environment system. We also offer Smooth Curvature
Printing, or SCP, ink-jetting technology through our Solidscape brand to produce
wax-like patterns for lost-wax casting, investment casting and mold making
applications. The Solidscape high-precision 3D printer creates solid parts
through an additive, layer-by-layer process, using our SCP ink-jetting
technology and high-precision milling of each layer. The parts produced are
extremely high resolution with very precise details and fine surface finish. We offer 15 FDM
cartridge-based materials, 26 PolyJet cartridge-based materials, five SCP
inkjet-based materials, 158 non-color digital materials, and over 1,500 color
variations for our 3D printers, which we believe is the widest range of
materials in the industry. Customers We have a diverse set of
customers worldwide, with no single customer or group of affiliated customers
nor any individual sales agent or group of affiliated sales agents accounting
for more than 10% of our sales in 2016, 2015 or 2014. Our solutions are used
across a wide array of applications in a variety of different
industries. Our competitive
strengths We believe that the following
are our key competitive strengths: ● | Differentiated product offerings with superior model quality. Our portfolio of 3D printing systems is differentiated through a combination of superior printing qualities, accuracy, print speed, the ability to print a range of materials with varying levels of strength, chemical and heat resistance, color and mechanical properties, the ability to print multiple materials simultaneously and suitability for office environments. Our offering spans the spectrum from entry-level desktop printers to high-end solutions for complex operations. Our FDM-based systems enable highly precise printing of 15 different engineering and high-performance thermoplastic materials, enabling a wide range of DDM applications with little or no post-production processing. Our PolyJet inkjet-based systems jet ultra-thin layers of material and enables voxel level control of the deposited materials, part realism (multi materials and colors), high accuracy and resolution and smooth finish to printed models. For use with these systems we offer a wide variety of office-friendly resin consumables, including rigid, flexible (rubber-like), transparent and color materials. We believe that we offer the only printing system that utilizes the simultaneous jetting of up to six materials to enable end-users to print models with rigid, flexible and color materials, in virtually unlimited combinations, in a single build. Our SolidScape SCP ink-jetting technology offers high-precision milling of each printed layer, enabling extremely high resolution with precise details and fine surface finish. We also offer the only multi-color, multi-material 3D printing system in the market.
● | Integrated solutions offering/ecosystem. We provide an integrated solutions offering that includes compatible products and services that are designed to meet the full gamut of our clients’ needs in an efficient manner, consisting of a broad range of systems, consumables and services, including: ● | 3D printers
● | Materials 25 Table of Contents ● | Professional services
● | Parts on demand
● | Vertical applications
● | Strategic consulting
● | Partnerships and alliances
● | Enhanced collaboration among industry professionals, via our GrabCAD community, which provides engineers and designers a resource for CAD models and helps them communicate ideas and share designs. ● | Proprietary technology platforms with multidisciplinary technological expertise. We believe that our proprietary 3D FDM and 3D inkjet-based PolyJet printing engines offer end users the versatility and differentiated features necessary for a wide variety of current and potential applications. We combine our proprietary hardware platforms, featuring widely-deployed inkjet printer heads or easy-to-use extrusion heads with integrated software and a wide range of proprietary materials to develop and produce leading 3D printing systems. This allows us to offer a spectrum of 3D printers and printing systems of varying features, capacities and price points, and to migrate the advanced features of our high-end products to our entry-level products with greater efficiency. Our 3D printing solutions integrate innovations in a wide range of scientific disciplines, such as physics, chemistry, and mechanical and electrical engineering, as well as software development. We have made significant investments in developing and integrating technologies into our hardware platform, software and proprietary consumables. We believe that we have a strong base of technology know-how. Our patent portfolio consists of more than 1,200 granted or pending patents internationally. We believe that we have a culture of innovation, and we expect to continue to enhance our solutions both to further drive market adoption of 3D printing and to broaden our market reach.
● | Leading Direct Manufacturing Business. Our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing service business is one of the largest and leading AM parts service providers globally. This unit’s knowledge of and experience in AM, including materials and systems knowhow, and AM end-use parts production is expected to enhance our DDM offering suite. This unit offers a wide array of underlying printing technologies and materials. Furthermore, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing enables us to offer a broader solution to our customers, catering to more of their 3D printing needs, whether by supply of 3D printers or of 3D printed parts. We believe this offering creates better customer intimacy and a competitive advantage for Stratasys.
● | Large and growing installed base. Our differentiated offerings have led to a large and growing installed base. The significant installed base has resulted in greater distribution reach and enhanced opportunities for cross selling, given the significantly broadened and complementary product offerings. It furthermore presents us with an opportunity to generate recurring revenues from sales of consumables to the installed base.
● | Leading position in desktop 3D printing. Our MakerBot Desktop 3D printers provide accessible desktop 3D printers and materials and leading content creation and sharing solutions. We believe that the desktop 3D printing category is poised for future growth driven by broader adoption of 3D printing and an increase the in number of applications where 3D printing is used. We believe our installed base, brand awareness and portfolio of solutions in this category positions us to capitalize on the continued growth of this category.
● | Diverse, global customer base. We have a broad customer base, ranging from global market leading brands to small businesses and professionals and individuals. Our end-users include companies across a wide range of industries and applications, including automotive, aerospace, architecture, consumer products, educational institutions, defense, medical analysis, medical systems, electronics, and heavy equipment.
● | Extensive global reach. With approximately 200 channel partners around the world, we are well positioned to leverage the extensive geographic reach of our marketing and sales organization to serve customers and grow awareness of 3D printing for RP and DDM. In addition, through our MakerBot subsidiary we deploy an online sales channel.
● | Increased accessibility and ease of use for customers. Our newly launched GrabCAD Print software provides easy and accessible 3D printing workflow. Some of our 3D printing systems may be accessed through Solidworks, PTC and Adobe computerized design solutions, which enable wider adoption of our 3D printing solutions by designers and manufacturers in a simplified and more accessible manner. We are collaborating with the above and other leading Computer Aided Design and Product Lifecycle Management solution providers to further enable greater ease of use across the design to production work-flow. Our growth
strategy The key elements of our
strategy for growth include the following: ● | Identifying new vertical applications for our proprietary 3D printing technologies. We believe that the proliferation of 3D content, advancements in AM technology platforms and the introduction of improved materials will continue to drive growth in 3D printing. We intend to invest in the identification of new applications (especially DDM applications) for which our proprietary printing technologies and materials are appropriate. In addition, we seek relevant niche applications where AM can provide substantial value, and develop a comprehensive solution to address these opportunities. We also intend to encourage existing and potential customers to identify new applications in part by increasing awareness of the features of our technology and product offerings. 26 Table of Contents ● | Increasing adoption of AM manufacturing solutions. We believe that the adoption of 3D printing for manufacturing applications can be accelerated through working intimately with our customers and the 3D printing ecosystem, to reduce the complexity of using our solutions. We are investing in developing professional services capabilities to enhance our customers’ ability to use our solutions. In addition, we collaborate with strategic partners in our ecosystem to streamline the integration of 3D printing solutions into the business processes of our customers.
● | Leveraging our global reach to expand the customer base and further penetrate existing customers. We have a network of more than 200 resellers and selling agents around the world and various online channels. We intend to reach new customers and increase sales to existing customers by providing access to new solutions that address customers’ specific needs. These solutions include those offered by our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing service. As part of this strategy we intend to grow awareness of 3D printing solutions for RP and DDM and to develop industry specific sales channels as part of our effort to commercialize a broader range of new DDM applications. Additionally, we expect to significantly expand our online presence and leverage our sales channel to the broader public.
● | Driving further adoption through desktop systems. We expect to drive market adoption through increased sales of our desktop systems. These systems are expected to penetrate a broad and largely untapped addressable market, targeting small design teams within large organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, educational institutes and individuals. We expect to leverage our growing Thingiverse community to accelerate adoption. We expect to incorporate certain additional features of our high-end series of printers into our entry-level series over time.
● | Maintaining and extending our technology lead. Our multidisciplinary technological leadership, as evidenced by our more than 1,200 granted or pending patents internationally, underpins our proprietary hardware, integrated software and range of 3D printing materials. We will seek to extend our technological capabilities by continuing to invest in our R&D efforts, which focus on enhancing our 3D PolyJet and FDM printing technologies as well as developing new innovative solutions for 3D printing. In addition, we will continue developing consumables that offer an even broader array of physical, mechanical and aesthetic properties, thereby broadening user applications. We believe that by enhancing our AM technological capabilities and by developing and introducing new materials for our 3D printing and production systems, we will be able to increase both the size of, and our share of, the 3D printing marketplace.
● | Continuing servicing our installed base. Today our company has the largest AM solutions installed base in the industry. We consider the relationship with our customers to be a valuable asset, as reflected in our customer satisfaction surveys. We plan to continue nurturing these relationships to enhance the intimacy with our customers, which will allow us to address their needs better through innovative and holistic prototyping and manufacturing solutions of printers and materials, AM printed parts service and advanced professional services.
● | Integrated solutions offering. Due in major part to a series of acquisitions, we have in place an offering of solutions that includes a complete gamut of compatible systems, consumables and services (parts on-demand, professional and expert consulting services that are designed to meet our clients’ needs in an integrated, complete manner. We intend to leverage that as a basis for generating additional sales and revenues from existing customers and attracting new customers.
● | Growing through complementary acquisitions. We intend to selectively pursue acquisitions to expand our product offerings, go to market and overall growth and market penetration. Accordingly, we may consider acquisitions and investments in order to effect and accelerate our other growth strategies.
● | Expert services – We intend to help companies to increase their adoption of 3D printing by helping them to identify new applications for our technology and by developing robust business cases for investment by them in our technology.
● | Enhanced collaboration. Our GrabCAD community, which fosters collaboration among engineers and designers and helps them to communicate ideas and share designs, enhances the likelihood that we can draw from these new collaborations and enhance awareness, and, as a result, sales, of our integrated solutions. Products and services Our
products We offer a dedicated range of
products for applications such as rapid prototyping (RP), tooling, as well as
manufacturing parts. Our products include 3D printing systems, consumable
materials, software and services. 27 Table of Contents Collectively, this portfolio
of products offers a broad range of performance options for users, depending on
their desired application, as well as on the nature and size of the designs,
prototypes or final parts they seek to produce. Our products are available at a
variety of different price points and include entry-level desktop 3D printers, a
range of systems for RP, and large production systems for additive
manufacturing. We also offer a range of 3D printing materials consisting of 15
FDM cartridge-based materials, 26 PolyJet cartridge-based materials, five SCP,
inkjet-based materials, hundreds of thousands of digital materials, and over 1,500 color variations. The performance of our different systems varies in
terms of capabilities, which are related to the following features: ● | print speed;
● | resolution;
● | materials;
● | resin cartridge capacity / filament spool size;
● | maximum model (or tray) size; and
● | duty cycle, or the number of parts that a printer can produce over a given period of time without requiring maintenance. Our systems also integrate our
software and are supported by services that we provide to our customers, both
directly and through our reseller channel. Printing
systems Our 3D printing systems , which are based on our proprietary FDM and PolyJet technologies, are
described below: We offer a series of printing systems suitable for RP, from design validation, visualization and
communication to form, fit and functional performance testing. These systems are targeted at work groups and
offers a variety of products that provide customers with a broad range of
choices of features such as printing capacity, production speed and price. The
Objet systems offer high accuracy and print quality using a variety of PolyJet
materials. The new F123 product line allows users to create parts in PLA, ABS
plus, ASA and PC-ABS materials. These materials enable production of parts with
the strength required for true form, fit and functional testing. The F123 is
designed to enable ease of use and ease of maintenance and offers easy-to-use
but functionality-rich user experience by using the GrabCAD Print software. We also offer printing systems
typically used for Additive Manufacturing – production tooling and end parts applications - and high performance Prototyping
applications. Our FDM technology based
systems produce durable, production-grade thermoplastic heated parts suitable
for RP manufacturing, tooling and end-used parts use cases. Our PolyJet technology based
high-end printing systems offer the ability to print multiple materials
including color printing in a single part build. We also offer our Solidscape
line of 3D printers, materials and software for Additive Manufacturing
applications. This line of products combines patent-protected, SCP
high-precision ink-jetting technology and high-precision milling of each layer,
with our proprietary graphical front-end ModelWorks software. Objects created
with these 3D printers are wax patterns and feature extremely high resolution
and accuracy; are used primarily for casting in metal jewelry, dental and
industrial parts. Our MakerBot Replicator series
represents our desktop 3D printers, compact, and professional-grade 3D printers.
Our desktop and compact 3D printers are affordable, and designed for easy,
desktop use and are typically used by individuals operating alone or within an
enterprise. Our larger, professional 3D printer has a large build volume ideal
for industrial prototypes, models and products. Consumable
materials We sell a broad range of 3D
printing materials, consisting of 15 FDM cartridge-based materials, 26 PolyJet
cartridge-based materials, five SCP inkjet-based materials and 158 non-color
digital materials, and over 1,500 color variations for use in our 3D printers
and production systems. The sale of these materials provides us with a recurring
revenue stream from users of our 3D printers and production systems. The materials we sell are
described below: FDM-based
materials The modeling and support
filament used in the FDM-based 3D printers and production systems features a
wide variety of production grade thermoplastic materials. We continue to develop
filament modeling materials that meet our customers’ needs for increased speed,
strength, accuracy, surface resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color, and
mechanical properties. These materials are processed into our proprietary
filament form, which is then utilized by our FDM systems. Our spool-based system
has proven to be a significant advantage for our products, because it allows the
user to quickly change material by simply mounting the lightweight spool and
feeding the desired filament into the FDM devices that are office friendly.
Currently, we have a variety of build materials in multiple colors commercially
available for use with our FDM technology. 28 Table of Contents Each material has specific
characteristics that make it appropriate for various applications. The ability
to use different materials allows the user to match the material to the end use
application, whether it is a pattern for tooling, a concept model, a functional
prototype, a manufacturing tool, or a DDM end use part. PolyJet-based
materials Our resin consumables, which
consist of our PolyJet family of proprietary acrylic-based photopolymer
materials, are designed for use with our PolyJet printing systems and enable
users of those products to create highly accurate, finely detailed 3D models and
parts for a wide range of prototype development and customized manufacturing
applications. The wide variety of resins within the PolyJet family is
characterized by transparent, colored, or opaque visual properties and flexible,
rigid or other physical properties. Support materials that are used together
with the model materials enable the 3D printing of models with a wide array of
complex geometries. Our PolyJet materials are produced in-house and are
specially designed for our printing systems. We have invested significant
research and development efforts in optimizing our PolyJet materials for use
with inkjet technology. These efforts are reflected in the properties of these
materials, which enable them to be packaged, stored, combined and readily cured
upon printing. Our PolyJet materials are packaged in cartridges for safe
handling and are suitable for use in office environments. The polymerized
materials can also be machined, drilled, chrome-plated or painted in most
cases. SCP inkjet-based
materials Our Solidscape inkjet-based materials feature excellent lost wax casting
qualities, including fast melt out, no ash or residue, and no thermal expansion.
Currently, we have four modeling materials commercially available for use with
our Solidscape technology. These include materials formulated specifically for
particular industries, such as a thermalpolyester formula developed to help
retail jewelers and manufacturers meet the demand for finished goods using less
precious materials and a thermalpolyester material formulated to deliver high
casting yields for dental applications. Software We offer downloadable professional 3D printing workflow software as well as suites of software
with our various 3D printing systems; each is designed to make the process of
creating high-quality, highly detailed and accurate models more efficient. Our
software supports commonly used 3D file formats and converts three-dimensional
CAD databases into the appropriate code to operate our 3D printing systems. Our
software also provides a wide range of features, including automatic support
generation, part scaling, positioning and nesting, as well as geometric editing
capabilities. Our different software suites
are specifically designed for our different 3D printing systems and their
different applications. Accordingly, certain software focuses on increasing
build speed and improving the design engineer’s control and efficiency over the
entire build process. Other software suites offer simple “click & build”
preparation and print tray editing, and provide easy, accurate job timing
estimation and full job control, including queue management. Similarly, we offer
software that allows users to make adjustments to 3D printing properties. Jobs enter the queue either
according to our software the parameters configured by the system administrator,
or in chronological order. The queue is therefore easily managed, as each user
has access to his or her jobs and the administrator can set and adjust
parameters and access permissions. In configurations of multiple printing
systems on the network, each user automatically receives the parameters of the
selected system, such as tray size, loaded materials, and queue status, helping
ensure easy, error-free tray setup. Online
Community Thingiverse.com Thingiverse is our online
community for sharing downloadable, digital 3D designs. The Thingiverse platform
enables users to share and customize their digital designs. We believe that
Thingiverse is the largest repository of free 3D printable content available to
consumers. Thingiverse includes more than 1 million public designs available for
downloading. We have had more than 1 million uploads and more than 200 million
downloads of designs via this platform. GrabCAD
Community We operate the GrabCAD
Community for mechanical engineers and designers, where members can upload and
download free CAD models, download our GrabCAD Print software, post and answer
mechanical engineering questions, and participate in design challenges. This
community had more than 3.25 million members and more than 1.5 million CAD files
available for free download at the end of 2016. The GrabCAD community provides
engineers and designers a resource for CAD models helping them communicate ideas
and share designs. 29 Table of Contents Our services Support services and
warranty Customer
support Our customer support
department provides on-site system installation, basic and advanced operation
training, a full range of maintenance and repair services and remote technical
support to users of our products. We provide support to our customers directly
and through our resellers, ensuring that support and parts may be readily
obtained worldwide. We also offer training to our customers, particularly on our
high-performance systems. Our support network consists of the following: ● | Stratasys-certified engineers providing worldwide, on-site installation, training and support.
● | Direct support engineers through our company.
● | Indirect support engineers through certified partners, including third-party service organizations or selected resellers who provide support for our systems.
● | Phone and direct on-site company support in eight languages, and resellers indirect support in local languages.
● | Service logistics in key regional centers.
● | Training facilities and resources in regional centers.
● | Computerized management system and knowledge distribution platform to ensure high-quality support for our customers, including secure remote access to a customer service database containing service history and technical documentation to aid in troubleshooting and repairing systems.
● | Support, tools and up-to-date information to our direct customer and distribution channels from our product support engineering team. Our goal is to ensure maximum
uptime and productivity for our AM systems. In order to do so, we regularly
update the technical documentation related to our systems, offer extensive
training courses for operators and promote proactive knowledge sharing designed
to help users maximize the value of their equipment and to expand the
applications for which they employ our 3D printing and production systems. We offer services on a time
and materials basis as well as through a number of post-warranty maintenance
contracts with varying levels of support and pricing, as described below under
“Extended support programs.” Customer support is represented on cross-functional
product development teams within our company to ensure that products are
designed for serviceability and to provide our internal design and engineering
departments with feedback on field issues. Failure analysis, corrective action,
and continuation engineering efforts are driven by data collected in the field.
Ongoing customer support initiatives include development of advanced diagnostic
and troubleshooting techniques and comprehensive preventative maintenance
programs, an expanded training and certification program for Stratasys and
Stratasys partners’ technical personnel, and improved communication between the
field and the factory. Basic
warranty Our printing systems are sold
with warranties that range from 90 days to three years from installation,
depending upon the product line and geographic location. Warranties are
generally accompanied by on-site maintenance support. Receipt of maintenance and
repair services after the warranty period is subject to the terms of our
extended support programs, to the extent purchased by the end-user, as described
below. Extended support
programs Recognizing that our end-users
have varying support needs, we offer a range of support programs that enable our
end-users to continue to receive maintenance services beyond the initial
warranty period. These support programs contain varying degrees of the support
services described above and are priced accordingly. Leasing We offer our customers the
option to lease or rent 3D printers and 3D production systems. We also offer a
‘Try Before You Buy’ program, which provides businesses the ability to try out a
3D printer prior to deciding whether or not it’s the right fit for their
company. The potential purchasers of a 3D printer receive customer support from
our company during the trial period. Expert Services Stratasys Expert Services
brings together our strategic consulting and applications engineering
capabilities to provide a portfolio of fee-paying services to our global
customer base. The Expert Services portfolio has been designed to support
companies across all vertical markets and at all levels of 3D printing maturity.
The Expert Services portfolio of services has been designed to help companies
drive both top line sales growth through 3D printing adoption and to increase
bottom line profitability. For novice users, Stratasys
Expert Services offers a highly structured opportunity-screening process to
identify where 3D printing could be applied within an enterprise. The expert
services team then delivers innovation workshops, facility walkthroughs and data
analytical services to find the most valuable and profitable areas of a business
to apply 3D printing technology. Using our team of experienced consultants we
then help companies to identify the most appropriate technology solutions,
investment cases and supply chain models. For more established 3D printing
users, Stratasys Expert Services team also provides specialist design
optimization services, safety and environmental management services, and
production quality management services. 30 Table of Contents Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing paid-parts service Stratasys Direct Manufacturing
was formed on January 1, 2015 from our three AM service companies – RedEye
(formerly a business unit of Stratasys, Inc.) and the acquired businesses known
as Harvest Technologies and Solid Concepts – and is a provider of 3D printing
and custom AM services. Stratasys Direct Manufacturing offers AM capabilities
encompassing a wide range of technologies allowing for plastic and metal parts
for rapid prototyping and production processes. Our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing paid-parts service
produces prototypes and end-use parts for customers from a customer-provided CAD
file. This allows the customer to benefit from our process-related knowhow,
capitalize on the variety of materials and machine types available through our
service center, and take advantage of additional capacity using the latest in
proven RP and DDM technologies and processes. Our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing
business operates a website service, www.stratasysdirect.com, which enables our
customers to obtain quotes and order parts around the clock, seven days a week.
Stratasys Direct Manufacturing also provides companies with access to an Expert
Services team, which helps companies to identify and evaluate new applications
for 3D printing. Key Portfolio Additions
& Innovations in 2016 and Early 2017 To further strengthen our
leadership position and following our strategy to deepen the focus on additive
manufacturing, tooling and rapid prototyping for specific vertical market, we
announced a variety of innovations in 2016 across multiple applications for
various key vertical markets, such as automotive, aerospace, consumer products
and healthcare. Stratasys J 750 fist true
color 3D printer In April 2016, we introduced
what we believe to be an industry-first with our market-disruptive 3D printer,
the J750. The new solution breaks restrictive technology barriers, enabling
customers for the first time to mix-and-match full color gradients alongside a
wide range of materials to achieve one-stop realism without post-processing.
This, together with the system's superior versatility, makes the J750 a choice
3D printing solution for product designers, engineers and manufacturers, as well
as service bureaus. As the premier addition to the
Objet Connex multi-color, multi-material series of 3D Printers, the Stratasys J
750 allows customers to choose from more than 360,000 different color shades
plus multiple material properties - ranging from rigid to flexible and opaque to
transparent. Prototypes can include a vast array of colors, materials and
material properties in the same part, speeding production of realistic models,
prototypes and parts for virtually any application need - as well as delivering
incomparable 3D printing versatility to produce tooling, molds, jigs and
fixtures and more. The Stratasys F123 Series –
Smarter Prototyping for Workgroups In February 2017, we
introduced the F123 Series, a new comprehensive rapid prototyping solution that
answers the specific needs of professional designers and engineers in the
workgroup and office setting. For the first time, the F123 Series enables
end-to-end rapid prototyping for every stage of the prototyping process: Rapid,
economically-effective concept verification models in PLA material and
fast-draft mode; advanced design validation prototypes using a 0.005 in. slice
resolution and soluble support for unmatched precision, repeatability and
aesthetics. Functional performance testing is enabled with a wide range of
functional FDM materials including ABS, ASA, and PC-ABS. Utilizing over 30 patented inventions selected
from the entire Stratasys FDM range together with several new patents pending, the F123
Series offers wide-ranging engineering and interface usability enhancements to
answer the needs of design workgroups: Engineering grade quality prototyping
results - but easy enough for anyone to learn and operate. Professional levels
of productivity - but quiet and unobtrusive enough to work in the office
environment. The system incorporates GrabCAD Print software that enables
printing straight from native CAD files, as well as the ability to manage jobs
in real-time and from remote. The F123 Series comes in a range of 3 versatile
platform sizes. GrabCad Print In May 2016, we announced a
software strategy designed to make 3D printing significantly easier, more
intuitive, and highly-accessible to more applications and users. The approach is
powered by the popular GrabCAD Software as a Service (SaaS) platform and
supported by a nearly 3.5 million-professional design, engineering,
manufacturing and student community members. GrabCAD Print is the first
application released under this new investment underscoring the critical nature
of software as an essential ingredient of our solutions based go--to-market
strategy. A cloud-based environment for job preparation, scheduling, and
monitoring, GrabCAD Print also includes innovative business intelligence
capabilities to provide users with actionable, end-to-end print job visibility
and reports. 31 Table of Contents Launched in November 2016
after a five-month beta trial period, GrabCAD Print offers compatibility with a
broad range of Stratasys 3D printers. In addition, because the GrabCAD platform
is open architected, industry-leading CAD solution providers such as PTC,
Dassault Systèmes’ SOLIDWORKS, and Siemens PLM Software are collaborating with
us to further simplify key functions in CAD-to-3D print workflow and improve
quality of 3D printed parts. Easier to Manufacture
Complex Hollow Composite Parts with New Sacrificial Tooling Solution Sacrificial tooling, a process
in which 3D printed molds are wrapped in composite material and then removed
after part curing, enables manufacturers to rapidly and cost-effectively create
complex, hollow composite parts. We are improving this process with a new
sacrificial tooling solution, consisting of our new ST-130 material and new fill
patterns. Together, the new material and fill patterns provide faster
dissolution, rapid build speed, better autoclave performance and greatly
improved tool quality. Tough PC-ABS Material Now
Available on More Stratasys 3D Printers With its high durability and
smooth matte finish, PC-ABS is a natural choice for challenging applications,
such as power-tool prototyping and industrial equipment manufacturing. Owners of
the F370, Fortus 380mc and 450mc 3D Printers will now have the ability to
leverage PC-ABS, reducing time-to-market and high tooling costs for low-volume
and custom production builds. 3D printing in real engineering thermoplastics
results in stronger parts, more confident testing and prototypes that mimic the
material properties of the final product. Next Generation Production
line enhancement for Fortus 900 mc The Stratasys Fortus 900mc
next Generation offers a streamlined workflow and easier job-monitoring with an
internal camera and GrabCAD Print Software. Standard certifications are
included, eliminating the effort and cost to qualify the 3D printer for the
user's production floor. New FDM Material Nylon 6 Stratasys Nylon 6 combines the
strength of ULTEM 9085 ™ with the toughness of Nylon 12. It affords a
higher strength and stiffness as well as a better 3D printed appearance than
Nylon 12. Nylon 6 is one of the most widely used thermoplastics applied in
traditional manufacturing. For FDM 3D printing, Stratasys Nylon 6 is specially
formulated to control the right balance between mature Nylon 6 properties and
controlled shrinkage effects during the FDM 3D printing process. Stratasys Manufacturing
Aids Package Our Manufacturing Aids Package
offers assistance to manufacturers seeking to create custom manufacturing tools.
The materials-and-services package includes 40 hours of design work from
Stratasys Professional Services to make producing a first tool easy. To create strong, lightweight
tools, the kit includes canisters of thermoplastic build material and support
material. Build material includes Nylon 6 - our newest engineering-grade
material - as well as PC and ASA plastic. ASA is available in a choice of ten
colors. The Manufacturing Aids Package includes our new SR-35 advanced soluble
support material which offers faster dissolve time and extended bath life
compared to our previous SR-30 soluble support material. Next generation
manufacturing technologies: Infinite- Build 3 D Demonstrator and Robotic
Composite 3D Demonstrator At IMTS 2016, we previewed
demonstrations of next generation manufacturing technologies as part of our
vision for additive manufacturing specifically dedicated to verticals like
Automotive and Aerospace. The new technology demonstrations build on our
industrial FDM ® 3D printing expertise to respond to the needs of customers' most
challenging applications, addressing manufacturers' needs to rapidly produce
strong parts ranging in size from an automobile armrest to an entire aircraft
interior panel. The Stratasys Infinite-Build
3D Demonstrator is designed to address the requirements of aerospace, automotive
and other industries for large lightweight, thermoplastic parts with repeatable
mechanical properties and was developed together with Aircraft manufacturer
Boing. The Stratasys Robotic
Composite 3D Demonstrator delivers true 3D printing by using an 8-axis motion
system that enables precise, directional material placement for strength while
also reducing dramatically the need for speed-hindering support strategies. This
redefines how future lightweight parts will be built, and provides a glimpse
into how this technology could be used to accelerate the production of parts
made from a wide variety of materials. 32 Table of Contents We developed the Robotic
Composite 3D Demonstrator integrating our core additive manufacturing
technologies with industrial motion control hardware and design-to-3D printing
software capabilities provided by Siemens. Marketing, sales and
distribution Marketing Our marketing strategies are
focused on increasing awareness and thought leadership for our product and
solution areas, strengthening our leadership brand position in the market, and
in key vertical industries such as automotive, aerospace, healthcare, education
and consumer goods, accelerating and supporting sales growth, and increasing
customer loyalty and customer lifetime value. We initiate thought-leadership,
public and industry analyst relations and product launch programs as well as
integrated campaigns targeted to extend and deepen the relationship with our
existing customers and win new customers, driving demand and lead generation
throughout our strategic markets in which we and our resellers and agents
operate. We use a variety of inbound
and outbound marketing methods to reach potential customers. Examples of inbound
methods include digital marketing demand and lead generation programs including
blogs, social media, search marketing (Search Engine Optimization and
Pay-Per-Click advertising), lead nurturing with webinars, white papers etc.
Outbound channel examples include digital and print communication programs,
public relations, direct mail and e-mail campaigns, tradeshows, thought
leadership events, newsletters, industry associations and referrals. In
addition, we have built and maintain on-site product and technology
demonstration capabilities in certain regional offices across the
world. We measure and analyze the
success of various marketing initiatives and strive to identify current and
future customer needs. Based on our analysis, we create and update our product
roadmaps and individual marketing plans to help optimize distribution while
helping ensure a smooth process of release, ramp-up and sales of our products. Sales distribution
methods Our sales organization sells,
distributes and provides follow-up support services with respect to our AM
systems and related consumables, through a worldwide sales and marketing
infrastructure. We generally use three methods for distribution and support: (i)
sales to resellers who purchase and resell our products and through whom
follow-up support and maintenance services and replacement parts are provided to
end-users; (ii) sales of systems that are arranged by a network of independent
sales agents worldwide, pursuant to which we sell directly to end-users, pay
commissions to such agents, and directly handle the sale of consumables and
provision of follow-up support services; and (iii) direct sales of systems or
services to end-users without the involvement of any intermediaries, for which
all aspects of our sales and follow-up services are handled exclusively by our
company. In certain instances, the same individual or company can serve as a
reseller with respect to certain of our products while acting as an independent
sales agent for other products. Our resellers and independent sales agents are
overseen by regional managers and operate on a non-exclusive basis, although we
believe that most do not sell competing AM systems. Almost all of the reseller and
independent sales agent locations that distribute our products have our AM
systems available for tradeshows, product demonstrations, and other promotional
activities. Additionally, many of them enjoy a long-term presence and offer
third-party 3D CAD software packages in their respective territories, enabling
them to cross-sell our systems to customers who purchase those other
products. In addition to our direct and
indirect seller network, we also offer our MakerBot Replicator series and
related consumables and services through our online and retail
channels. Geographical structure of
sales organization The primary sales organization
for our 3D printers and production systems including related consumables,
materials and services is divided into groups based on the following
geographical regions: Americas ; Europe and Middle East; and Asia Pacific. This structure allows us to align our sales and marketing
resources with our diverse customer base. Our sales organization in each region
provides sales support to the network of independent reseller and sales agent
locations throughout the particular region. We also operate sales and service
centers in various locations throughout North America and internationally,
including: Baden-Baden, Germany; Hong Kong; Mexico; São Paulo, Brazil; Shanghai,
China; and Tokyo, Japan. Manufacturing and
suppliers Manufacturing The manufacturing process for
our 3D printing and production FDM and PolyJet systems consists of assembling
those systems using both off-the-shelf and customized components manufactured
specifically for us, and producing and packaging the consumables products to be
used by those systems. Our core competencies include FDM and PolyJet printing
systems assembly, systems integration, software installation and resin and
filament manufacturing, all of which are done internally at our facilities. We
currently operate on a build-to-forecast basis and obtain all parts used in the
FDM and PolyJet systems manufacturing process from either distributors of
standard electrical or mechanical parts or custom fabricators of our proprietary
designs. Our manufacturers and suppliers are periodically assessed by us based
on their on-time performance and quality. 33 Table of Contents We purchase major component
parts for our FDM and PolyJet systems from various suppliers, subcontractors and
other sources, and assemble them in our U.S. and Israeli facilities. Our
production floors have been organized using demand-flow techniques, or DFT, in
order to achieve efficiency, quality and balance of our production lines. As
capacity constraints arise, because of our use of DFT, we can avoid the
requirements of reconfiguring our production floor. Computer-based Material
Requirements Planning, or MRP, is used for reordering to better ensure on-time
delivery of parts and raw materials. Operators and assemblers are trained on
assembly and test procedures including Assembly Requirement Documents, which originate in engineering. In
the manufacturing processes for our FDM and PolyJet systems, we employ a Quality
Management System, or QMS, that meets international quality standards including
ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 13485:2003, which relates to medical devices. We also
outsource the manufacture of main subassemblies up to fully assembled systems
ready for integration. The system assembly process
for our FDM and PolyJet systems includes semi-automated functional tests of key
subassemblies. Key functional characteristics are verified through these tests,
and the results are stored in a statistical database. Upon completion of the
assembly of our 3D printing and production FDM and PolyJet systems, we perform a
complete power up and final quality tests to help ensure the quality of those
products before shipment to customers. The final quality tests must be run
error-free before the FDM and PolyJet systems can be cleared for shipment. We
maintain a history log of all FDM and PolyJet products that shows revision level
configuration and a complete history during the manufacturing and test process.
All identified issues on the FDM and PolyJet systems during the manufacturing
process are logged, tracked and used to make continuous production process
improvements. The commonality of designs among our different FDM and PolyJet
product families eases the transition to manufacturing new designs. Our filament production uses
Factory Physics® techniques to manage critical buffers of time, capacity and
inventory to ensure product availability. We also use the “5S” method (Sort,
Set-in-order, Shine, Standardize and Sustain) as part of our lean manufacturing
initiatives to improve organization and efficiency. Inventory and
suppliers We maintain an inventory of
parts to facilitate the timely assembly of products required by our production
plan. While most components are available from multiple suppliers, certain
components used in our systems and consumables are only available from single or
limited sources. In particular, the printer heads for our PolyJet 3D printing
systems are supplied by a sole supplier, Ricoh. We consider our single and
limited-source suppliers (including Ricoh) to be reliable, but the loss of one
of these suppliers could result in the delay of the manufacture and delivery of
the relevant components (and, ultimately, of our products). This type of delay
could require us to find and re-qualify the component supplied by one or more
new vendors. Although we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be
good, we continue to develop risk management plans for these critical suppliers.
In order to hedge against the risk of a discontinuation of the supply of our
inkjet printer heads in particular, we maintain a reasonable supply of excess
inventory of printer heads. Ricoh Agreement We purchase the printer heads
for our inkjet 3D printing systems from Ricoh pursuant to an OEM Purchase and
License Agreement with Ricoh, or the Ricoh Agreement. Under the Ricoh Agreement, we
place orders for print heads and associated electronic components, or the Ricoh
Products. Together with provision of these items, Ricoh provides us with a
non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell the Ricoh
Products under Ricoh’s patent rights and trade secrets. Pricing under the Ricoh
Agreement depends on the quantity of Ricoh Products that we purchase during any
given month, and to the extent that we commit to a certain annual minimum prior
to an upcoming year, we receive a set, discounted price for all Ricoh Products
ordered during that upcoming year. The Ricoh Agreement runs for
an initial term of five years (which, as most recently renewed, began in September 2016) and automatically renews for additional one-year
periods thereafter unless either party provides the other six months’ advance
written notice of termination prior to the end of the then-current term. The
Ricoh Agreement may be cancelled by either party if (i) the other party
substantially breaches any material provision of the agreement and has not cured
such breach within 30 days of receipt of written notice thereof, or (ii) upon
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy events, and may furthermore be cancelled by
Ricoh if we fail to cure a breach of an undisputed payment obligation within
thirty (30) days of the breach. At any time during the term of
the Ricoh Agreement, Ricoh may discontinue the manufacture and supply of a print
head model, so long as it provides us with at least eighteen (18) months’ prior
written notice of such discontinuance and honors all of our purchase orders for
the subject print head model within the notice period. During the period of five
years from the earlier of either the termination of the Ricoh Agreement or the
date of discontinuance of the manufacture of Ricoh Products (that is, following
the 18-month notice period described in the previous sentence), we are entitled
to purchase additional Ricoh Products for the sole purpose of providing
replacements for the installed base of Ricoh Products, including one final
purchase order that we may place in the final year of such five-year period and
that must be filled by Ricoh within twelve months of when it is placed. 34 Table of Contents The Ricoh Agreement may not be
assigned by either party without the other party’s prior written consent, which
may not be unreasonably withheld. Research and development We maintain an ongoing program
of research and development, or R&D, to develop new systems and materials
and to enhance our existing product lines, as well as to improve and expand the
capabilities of our systems and related software and materials. This includes
significant technology platform developments for our FDM, PolyJet and SCP
technologies, our AM systems, including our integrated software, and our family
of proprietary acrylic-based photopolymer materials for PolyJet printing and
family of proprietary thermoplastic
materials for FDM printing. Our research aims to develop incremental and
disruptive improvements, as well as more affordable products. Our engineering
development efforts also focus on customer requested enhancements, and
development of new modeling processes, software and user applications. In
particular, we have devoted significant time and resources to the development of
a universally compatible and user-friendly software system. Our R&D department is
divided into groups based on scientific disciplines and product lines. We
continue to standardize our product platforms, leveraging each new design so
that it will result in multiple product offerings that are developed faster and
at reduced expense. We invest a significant amount
of our resources in R&D, because we believe that superior technology is a
key to maintaining a leading market position. Our net R&D expenses were
approximately $97.8 million, $122.4 million and $82.3 million in the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our consumable materials
development and production operations for our FDM and PolyJet systems are
located at our facilities in Eden Prairie, MN, and Kiryat Gat, Israel. The
development and production facility for our Solidscape operations are located in
Merrimack, New Hampshire, whereas the facilities for our MakerBot operations are
located in various locations in NY. We regard the consumable materials
formulation and manufacturing process as a trade secret and hold patent claims
related to these products. We purchase and formulate raw materials for our
consumables production from various polymer resin and thermoplastic materials
suppliers with different levels of processing and value-add applied to the raw
materials. Intellectual
property We consider our proprietary
technology to be important to the development, manufacture, and sale of our
products and seek to protect such technology through a combination of patents,
trade secrets, and confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements
with our employees, consultants, customers and others. All patents and patent
applications for additive manufacturing processes and apparatuses associated
with our technology were assigned to us by those inventors. The principal
granted patents relate to our FDM systems, our PolyJet technologies, our 3D
printing processes and our consumables, certain of which have already expired
and certain of which have expiration dates ranging from 2017 to 2036. We are also a party to various
licenses and other arrangements that allow us to practice and improve our
technology under a broad range of patents, patent applications and other
intellectual property, including a cross-license agreement with 3D Systems
Corporation under which each party licensed certain patents of the other party,
an assignment of rights to us related to UV polymer-based U.S. patents, which
underlie certain technologies that compete with ours, and a patent license
agreement with Cornell University providing access to certain tool changer
patents. In addition, we own certain
registered trademarks and make use of a number of additional registered and
unregistered trademarks, including “Stratasys,” “Objet,” “PolyJet,” “Connex,”
“J750”, “Vero”, “Tango,” “FDM”, “Fortus,” “Dimension,” “Uprint,” “Mojo,”
“Insight”, “Stratasys Direct Manufacturing,” “Solidscape,” “Solid Concepts,”
“GrabCAD,” “GrabCAD Print,” “MakerBot,” “Thingiverse,” “Replicator,” the
Stratasys Signet logo, and “The 3D Printing Solutions Company . ” We believe that, while our
patents provide us with a competitive advantage, our success depends on our
marketing, business development, applications know-how and ongoing research and
development efforts, in addition to our rights under granted and pending
patents. Accordingly, we believe that the expiration of any single patent, or
the failure of any of single patent application to result in an issued patent,
would not be material to our business or financial position. In any event, there
can be no assurance that our patents or other intellectual property rights will
afford us a meaningful competitive advantage. Please see the risk factor related
to the expiration of our patents in “Item 3.D Risk Factors— Risks related to our
intellectual property.” Competition Our principal competitors
consist of other developers of additive manufacturing systems as well as other
companies that use fused deposition modeling and inkjet-based technologies to
compete in additive manufacturing. A variety of additive manufacturing
technologies compete with our proprietary technologies, including: ● | Stereolithography;
● | Selective Laser Sintering; 35 Table of Contents ● | Powder Binding; and
● | Digital Light Projection. The companies that use these
technologies to compete with us include 3D Systems Corporation, EOS GmbH and
EnvisionTEC GmbH. HP’s recently launch Multi Jet Fusion technology could become
a competition as well. These technologies, which
compete for additive manufacturing users, possess various competitive advantages
and disadvantages relative to one another within the key categories upon which
competition centers, including resolution, accuracy, surface quality, variety
and properties of the materials they use and produce, capacity, speed, color,
transparency, the ability to print multiple materials and others. Due to these
multiple categories, end-users usually make purchasing decisions as to which
technology to choose based on the
characteristics that they value most. This decision is often application
specific. The competitive environment that has developed is therefore intense
and dynamic, as players often position their technologies to capture demand in
various verticals simultaneously. For our entry-level and
lower-end systems and materials, we face competition from a variety of sources,
including FDM, SLA and DLP companies such as XYZ Printing, Ultimaker and
Formlabs. The competing offerings in the lower-end categories vary based on
cost, printer and part quality, support materials, speed, ease of use, software
ecosystem and reliability. We are positioned to compete
in our industry mainly on the following bases, which we view as competitive
strengths: ● | material properties of printed objects, such as heat resistance, toughness, brittleness, elongation-to-break, color and flexibility;
● | quality of printed objects measured by, among other things, resolution, accuracy and surface quality;
● | multiple production-grade modeling materials;
● | reliability of printing systems;
● | speed of printing, including a one-step automated modeling process;
● | customer service;
● | ability to be used in an office environment;
● | ease of use; and
● | automatic, hands-free support removal. We offer a wide range of
systems with varying features, capacities and price points. We believe that this
enables us to compete with the other additive manufacturing technologies for a
wide range of customers with a variety of applications and goals for their
additive manufacturing. We also compete with companies
that use traditional prototype development and customized manufacturing
technologies, and expect future competition to arise from the development of new
technologies or techniques. Seasonality Historically, our results of
operations have been subject to seasonal factors. Stronger demand for our
products has historically occurred in our fourth quarter primarily due to our
customers’ capital expenditure budget cycles and our sales compensation
incentive programs. Our first and third quarters have historically been our
weakest quarters for overall unit demand. Although the first quarter has had
higher volumes in recent years from the successful introduction of new products,
it is typically a slow quarter for capital expenditures in general. The third
quarter is typically when we see our largest volume of educational related
sales, which normally qualify for special discounts as part of our long-term
penetration strategy. We furthermore experience
seasonality within individual fiscal quarters, as a substantial percentage of
our system sales often occur within the last month of each fiscal quarter. This
trend has the potential to expose our quarterly or annual operating results to
the risk of unexpected, decreased revenues in the case of our inability to build
systems, consummate sales and recognize the accompanying revenues prior to the
end of a given quarter. Global operations We have offices in Brazil,
China, Germany, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Korea, India, Singapore Mexico,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States, and organize our
operations by geographic region, focusing upon the following key regions: the
Americas; Europe and Asia Pacific. Our products are distributed in each of these
regions, as well as in other parts of the world. Our customers are dispersed
geographically, and we are not reliant on any single country or region for most
of our product sales and services revenues, although 59.5% of our 2016 sales
were made in North America and our SDM printed parts services are based in the
United States and therefore reliant on United States customers. A breakdown of
our consolidated revenues by geographic markets and by categories of operations
(that is, products and services) for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 is provided in “Item 5.A Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects—Operating Results.” In maintaining global operations, our business is
exposed to risks inherent in such operations, including currency fluctuations,
market conditions, and inflation in the primary locations in which our operating
expenditures are incurred. Information on currency exchange risk, market risk,
and inflationary risk appears elsewhere in this annual report in “Item 3.D Risk
Factors” and in “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk— Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.” Employees The total number of our
full-time equivalent employees, and the distribution of our employees (i)
geographically and (ii) within the divisions of our company, in each case as of
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, are set forth in this annual report in “Item
6.D Directors, Senior Management and Employees—Employees”. 36 Table of Contents Government
regulation We are subject to various
local, state and federal laws, regulations and agencies that affect businesses
generally. These include: ● | regulations promulgated by federal and state environmental and health agencies;
● | foreign environmental regulations, as described under “Environmental matters” immediately below;
● | the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration;
● | the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;
● | laws pertaining to the hiring, treatment, safety and discharge of employees;
● | export control regulations for U.S. made products; and
● | CE regulations for the European market. Environmental
matters We are subject to various
environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements,
including (but not limited to) those governing the emission and discharge of
hazardous materials into ground, air or water; noise emissions; the generation,
storage, use, management and disposal of hazardous and other waste; the import,
export and registration of chemicals; the cleanup of contaminated sites; and the
health and safety of our employees. Based on information currently available to
us, we do not expect environmental costs and contingencies to have a material
adverse effect on our operations. The operation of our facilities, however,
entails risks in these areas. Significant expenditures could be required in the
future to comply with environmental or health and safety laws, regulations or
requirements. Under
such laws and regulations, we are required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain operations.
In particular, in Israel, where we assemble our inkjet-based PolyJet 3D printing systems and manufacture our resin consumables,
businesses storing or using certain hazardous materials, including materials necessary for our Israeli manufacturing process,
are required, pursuant to the Israeli Dangerous Substances Law 5753-1993, to obtain a toxin permit from the Ministry of Environmental Protection. Our two Israeli toxin permits will remain in effect until November 2019 and February 2019, respectively. In the European marketplace,
amongst others, electrical and electronic equipment is required to comply with
the Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment of the European Union
(EU), which aims to prevent waste by encouraging reuse and recycling, and the EU
Directive on Restriction of Use of Certain Hazardous Substances, which restricts
the use of various hazardous substances in electrical and electronic products.
Our products and certain components of such products “put on the market” in the
EU (whether or not manufactured in the EU) are subject to these directives.
Additionally, we are required to comply with certain laws, regulations and
directives, including TSCA in the United States, as well as REACH and CLP in the
EU, governing chemicals. These and similar laws and regulations require, amongst
others, the registration, evaluation, authorization and labeling of certain
chemicals that we use and ship. Israeli Tax
Considerations and Government Programs Tax regulations also have a
material impact on our business, particularly in Israel where we are organized
and have one of our headquarters. The following is a summary of certain aspects
of the current tax structure applicable to companies in Israel, with special
reference to its effect on us (and our operations, in particular). The following
also contains a discussion of the Israeli government programs benefiting us. To
the extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been
subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that
the tax authorities or the courts will accept the views expressed in this
discussion. This discussion does not address all of the Israeli tax provisions
that may be relevant to our Company. For a discussion of the Israeli tax
consequences related to ownership of our capital stock, please see “Israeli
Taxation Considerations” in Item 10.E below. General Corporate Tax
Structure in Israel Generally, Israeli companies
are subject to corporate tax on their taxable income. In 2016, the corporate tax
rate was 25% (in 2017 the corporate tax rate is 24% and as of 2018 the corporate
tax rate will be 23%). However, the effective tax rate payable by a company that
derives income from an “Approved Enterprise”, a “Beneficiary Enterprise” or a
“Preferred Enterprise”, as further discussed below, may be considerably lower.
See “Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments” in this Item below.
Capital gains derived by an Israeli company are generally subject to the
prevailing regular corporate tax rate. 37 Table of Contents Besides being subject to the
general corporate tax rules in Israel, we have also, from time to time, applied
for and received certain grants and tax benefits from, and participate in,
programs sponsored by the Government of Israel, described below. Law for the Encouragement
of Capital Investments The Law for the Encouragement
of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, to which we refer as the Investment Law,
provides certain incentives for capital investments in a production facility (or
other eligible assets). Generally, an investment program that is implemented in
accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law, which may be either an
“Approved Enterprise”, a “Beneficiary Enterprise” or a “Preferred
Enterprise”, is entitled to benefits as discussed below. These benefits may
include cash grants from the Israeli government and tax benefits, based upon,
among other things, the location of the facility in which the investment and
manufacture activity are made. In order to qualify for these incentives, an
Approved Enterprise, a Beneficiary Enterprise or a Preferred Enterprise is
required to comply with the requirements of the Investment Law. The Investment Law has been
amended several times over the recent years, with the three most significant
changes effective as of April 1, 2005, to which we refer as the 2005 Amendment,
as of January 1, 2011, to which we refer as the 2011 Amendment, and as of
January 1, 2017, to which we refer as the 2017 Amendment. Pursuant to the 2005
Amendment, tax benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the
Investment Law prior to its revision by the 2005 Amendment, remain in force, but
any benefits granted subsequently are subject to the provisions of the amended
Investment Law. Similarly, the 2011 Amendment introduced new benefits instead of
the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law
prior to the 2011 Amendment, yet companies entitled to benefits under the
Investment Law as in effect up to January 1, 2011, were entitled to choose to
continue to enjoy such benefits, provided that certain conditions are met, or
elect instead, irrevocably, to forego such benefits and elect for the benefits
of the 2011 Amendment. The 2017 Amendment introduces new benefits for
Technological Enterprises, alongside the existing tax benefits. The following discussion is a
summary of the Investment Law prior to its amendments as well as the relevant
changes contained in the new legislations. Tax benefits for Approved
Enterprises approved before April 1, 2005 . Under the Investment Law prior
to the 2005 Amendment, a company that wished to receive benefits on its
investment program that is implemented in accordance with the provisions of the
Investment Law, to which we refer as an “Approved Enterprise”, had to receive an
approval from the Israeli Authority for Investments and Development of the
Industry and Economy, to which we refer as the Investment Center. Each
certificate of approval for an Approved Enterprise relates to a specific
investment program in the Approved Enterprise, delineated both by the financial
scope of the investment, including sources of funds, and by the physical
characteristics of the facility or other assets. An Approved Enterprise may elect to forego any entitlement
to the cash grants otherwise available under the Investment Law and, instead, participate in an alternative benefits program.
We have chosen to receive the benefits through the alternative benefits program. Under the alternative benefits program, a company’s undistributed income derived
from an Approved Enterprise will be exempt from corporate tax for a period of between two and ten years from the first year of
taxable income, depending on the geographic location within Israel of the Approved Enterprise, and a reduced corporate tax rate
of between 10% to 25% for the remainder of the benefits period, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in
each year, as detailed below. The benefits commence on the date in which that taxable income is first earned. The benefits period
under Approved Enterprise status is limited to 12 years from the year in which the production commenced (as determined by the
Investment Center), or 14 years from the year of receipt of the approval as an Approved Enterprise, whichever ends earlier. If
a company has more than one Approved Enterprise program or if only a portion of its capital investments are approved, its effective
tax rate is the result of a weighted combination of the applicable rates. The tax benefits available under any certificate of
approval relate only to taxable income attributable to the specific program and are contingent upon meeting the criteria set out
in the certificate of approval. Income derived from activity that is not integral to the activity of the Approved Enterprise will
not enjoy tax benefits. Our entitlement to the above benefits is subject to fulfillment of certain conditions, according to the
law and related regulations. A company that has an Approved
Enterprise program is eligible for further tax benefits if it qualifies as a
Foreign Investors’ Company, to which we refer as an FIC. An FIC eligible for
benefits is essentially a company with a level of foreign investment, as defined
in the Investment Law, of more than 25%. The level of foreign investment is
measured as the percentage of rights in the company (in terms of shares, rights
to profits, voting and appointment of directors), and of combined share and loan
capital, that are owned, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not
residents of Israel. The determination as to whether or not a company qualifies
as a FIC is made on an annual basis according to the lowest level of foreign investment during the year . An FIC that has an Approved Enterprise
program will be eligible for an extension of the period during which it is
entitled to tax benefits under its Approved Enterprise status (so that the
benefits period may be up to ten years) and for further tax benefits if the
level of foreign investment exceeds 49%. If a company that has an Approved
Enterprise program is a wholly owned subsidiary of another company, then the
percentage of foreign investments is determined based on the percentage of
foreign investment in the parent company. The corporate tax rates and
related levels of foreign investments with respect to an FIC that has an
Approved Enterprise program are set forth in the following table: Corporate
Percentage of non-Israeli ownership | Tax Rate
Over 25% but less than 49% | 25%
49% or more but less than 74% | 20%
74% or more but less than 90% | 15%
90% or more | 10% 38 Table of Contents A company that has elected to
participate in the alternative benefits program and that subsequently pays a
dividend out of the income derived from the portion of its facilities that have
been granted Approved Enterprise status during the tax exemption period will be subject to tax in respect of the amount of dividend distributed
(grossed up to reflect such pre-tax income that it would have had to earn in
order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate that would have been
otherwise applicable if such income had not been tax-exempted under the
alternative benefits program. This rate generally ranges from 10% to 25%,
depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in each year, as
explained above. In addition, dividends paid
out of income attributed to an Approved Enterprise (or out of dividends received
from a company whose income is attributed to an Approved Enterprise) are
generally subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15%, or at a lower rate
provided under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a
valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax
rate). The 15% tax rate is limited to dividends and distributions out of income
derived during the benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12 years
thereafter. After this period, the withholding tax is applied at a rate of up to
30%, or at the lower rate under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt
in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a
reduced tax rate). In the case of an FIC, the 12-year limitation on reduced
withholding tax on dividends does not apply. The Investment Law also
provides that an Approved Enterprise is entitled to accelerated depreciation on
its property and equipment that are included in an approved investment program
in the first five years of using the equipment. This benefit is an incentive
granted by the Israeli government regardless of whether the alternative benefits
program is elected. The benefits available to an
Approved Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions
stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations and the criteria in the
specific certificate of approval, as described above. If a company does not meet
these conditions, it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits,
adjusted to the Israeli consumer price index and interest, or other monetary
penalty. We have received the
requisite approval, including a final approval, for our Approved
Enterprise investment programs, in accordance with the Investment Law. The
above-described benefits that accompany these investment programs and our
Beneficiary Enterprise investment programs (for which accompanying benefits are
described below) have had the effect, both historically and in 2014, 2015 and
2016, of reducing our (and before the Stratasys-Objet merger, Objet’s) effective
consolidated tax rates considerably lower than the statutory Israeli corporate
tax rate of 25% in 2016, and 26.5% in 2015 and 2014. Tax benefits under the 2005
Amendment that became effective on April 1, 2005. The 2005 Amendment applies to
new investment programs and investment programs commencing after 2004, and does
not apply to investment programs approved prior to April 1, 2005. The 2005
Amendment provides that terms and benefits included in any certificate of
approval that was granted before the 2005 Amendment became effective (April 1,
2005) will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect
on the date of such approval. Pursuant to the 2005 Amendment, the Investment
Center will continue to grant Approved Enterprise status to qualifying
investments. However, the 2005 Amendment limits the scope of enterprises that
may be approved by the Investment Center by setting criteria for the approval of
a facility as an Approved Enterprise. An enterprise that qualifies
under the new provisions is referred to as a “Beneficiary Enterprise”, rather
than “Approved Enterprise”. The 2005
Amendment provides that the approval of the Investment Center is required only
for Approved Enterprises that receive cash grants. As a result, a company is no
longer required to obtain the advance approval of the Investment Center in order
to receive the tax benefits previously available under the alternative benefits
program. Rather, a company may claim the tax benefits offered by the Investment
Law directly in its tax returns, provided that its facilities meet the criteria
for tax benefits set forth in the 2005 Amendment. A company that has a
Beneficiary Enterprise may, at its discretion, approach the Israel Tax Authority
for a pre-ruling confirming that it is in compliance with the provisions of the
Investment Law. Tax benefits are available
under the 2005 Amendment to production facilities (or other eligible facilities)
which are generally required to derive 25% or more of their business income
from export to specific markets with a population of at least 14 million in 2012
(such export criteria will further be increased in the future by 1.4% per
annum). In order to receive the tax benefits, the 2005 Amendment states that a
company must make an investment which meets certain conditions set forth in the
amendment for tax benefits and which exceeds a minimum amount specified in the
Investment Law. Such investment entitles a company to receive a Beneficiary
Enterprise status with respect to the investment, and may be made over a period
of no more than three years ending in the year in which the company chose to
have the tax benefits apply to the Beneficiary Enterprise. The benefits period under the Beneficiary Enterprise status is limited to 12 years from the year the company chose to have its tax benefits apply. Where a company
requests to have the tax benefits apply to an expansion of existing facilities,
only the expansion will be considered to be a Beneficiary Enterprise and the
company’s effective tax rate will be the weighted average of the applicable
rates. In such case, the minimum investment required in order to qualify as a
Beneficiary Enterprise must exceed a certain percentage of the value of the
company’s production assets before the expansion. 39 Table of Contents The extent of the tax benefits
available under the 2005 Amendment to qualifying income of a Beneficiary
Enterprise depends on, among other things, the geographic location within Israel
of the Beneficiary Enterprise. Such tax benefits include an exemption from
corporate tax on undistributed income for a period of between two to ten years,
depending on the geographic location of the Beneficiary Enterprise within
Israel, and a reduced corporate tax rate of between 10% to 25% for the remainder
of the benefits period, depending on the level of foreign investment in the
company in each year, as explained above. Dividends paid out of income
attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise will be treated similarly to payment of
dividends by an Approved Enterprise under the alternative benefits program.
Therefore, dividends paid out of income attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise
(or out of dividends received from a company whose income is attributed to a
Beneficiary Enterprise) are generally subject to withholding tax at the
rate of 15% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty
(subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax
Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). The reduced rate of 15% is limited
to dividends and distributions out of income attributed to a Beneficiary
Enterprise during the benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12
years thereafter except with respect to an FIC, in which case the 12-year limit
does not apply. Furthermore, a company
qualifying for tax benefits under the 2005 Amendment, which pays a dividend out
of income attributed to its Beneficiary Enterprise during the tax exemption
period, will be subject to tax in respect of the amount of the dividend
distributed (grossed-up to reflect the pre-tax income that it would have had to
earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate which would
have otherwise been applicable. As of December 31, 2016, we had accumulated tax-exempt
income of approximately $180 million that is attributable to our various Approved
and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If such tax exempt income were to be distributed, it would be taxed at the reduced corporate
tax rate applicable to such income, which would have amounted to approximately $18 million of tax liability as of December 31, 2016. The benefits available to a
Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions
stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations. If a company does not meet
these conditions, it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits, as
adjusted by the Israeli consumer price index and interest, or other monetary
penalty. Tax benefits under the 2011
Amendment that became effective on January 1, 2011. The 2011 Amendment canceled
the availability of the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of
the Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for
income generated by a “Preferred Company” through its Preferred Enterprise (as
such terms are defined in the Investment Law) as of January 1, 2011. A Preferred
Company is defined as either (i) a company incorporated in Israel which is not
wholly owned by a governmental entity, or (ii) a limited partnership that: (a)
was registered under the Israeli Partnerships Ordinance and; (b) all of its
limited partners are companies incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are
governmental entities; which has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise
status and is controlled and managed from Israel. Pursuant to the 2011
Amendment, a Preferred Company was entitled to a reduced corporate tax rate of
15% with respect to its preferred income attributed to its Preferred Enterprise
in 2011 and 2012, unless the Preferred Enterprise was located in a certain
development zone, in which case the rate was 10%. Such corporate tax rate was
reduced to 12.5% and 7%, respectively, in 2013 and was increased to 16% and 9%,
respectively, in 2014 until 2016. Pursuant to the 2017 Amendment, in 2017 and
thereafter, the corporate tax rate for Preferred Enterprise which is located in
a certain development zone was decreased to 7.5%, while the reduced corporate
tax rate for other development zones remains 16%. Income derived by a Preferred
Company from a ‘Special Preferred Enterprise’ (as such term is defined in the
Investment Law) would be entitled, during a benefits period of 10 years, to
further reduced tax rates of 8%, or to 5% if the Special Preferred Enterprise is
located in a certain development zone. As of January 1, 2017, the definition for
“Special Preferred Enterprise” includes less stringent conditions. Dividends paid out of
preferred income attributed to a Preferred Enterprise or to a Special Preferred
Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 20%
or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty (subject to
the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority
allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if such dividends are paid to an
Israeli company, no tax is required to be withheld (although, if such dividends
are subsequently distributed to individuals or a non-Israeli company,
withholding tax at a rate of 20% or such lower rate as may be provided in an
applicable tax treaty will apply). In 2017-2019, dividends paid out of preferred
income attributed to a Special Preferred Enterprise, directly to a foreign
parent company, are subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 5%
(temporary provisions). The 2011 Amendment also
provided transitional provisions to address companies already enjoying current
benefits under the Investment Law. These transitional provisions provide, among
other things, that unless an irrevocable request is made to apply the provisions
of the Investment Law as amended in 2011 with respect to income to be derived as
of January 1, 2011: (i) the terms and benefits included in any certificate of
approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, which chose to receive
grants, before the 2011 Amendment became effective, will remain subject to the
provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, and
subject to certain conditions;. (ii) the terms and benefits included in any
certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, that had
participated in an alternative benefits program, before the 2011 Amendment
became effective will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as
in effect on the date of such approval, provided that certain conditions are
met; and (iii) a Beneficiary Enterprise can elect to continue to benefit from
the benefits provided to it before the 2011 Amendment came into effect, provided
that certain conditions are met. 40 Table of Contents We have examined the possible effect, if any, of
these provisions of the 2011 Amendment on our financial statements and have decided, at this time, not to opt to apply the new
benefits under the 2011 Amendment. New Tax benefits under the
2017 Amendment that became effective on January 1, 2017. The 2017 Amendment was enacted
as part of the Economic Efficiency Law that was published on December 29, 2016,
and is effective as of January 1, 2017, subject to the publication of
regulations expected to be released before March 31, 2017. The 2017 Amendment
provides new tax benefits for two types of “Technology Enterprises”, as
described below, and is in addition to the other existing tax beneficial
programs under the Investment Law. The 2017 Amendment provides that a technology company satisfying
certain conditions will qualify as a “Preferred Technology Enterprise” and will
thereby enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 12% on income that qualifies as
“Preferred Technology Income,” as defined in the Investment Law. The tax rate is
further reduced to 7.5% for a Preferred Technology Enterprise located in
development zone A. In addition, a Preferred Technology Company will enjoy a
reduced corporate tax rate of 12% on capital gain derived from the sale of
certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” (as defined in the Investment Law) to a
related foreign company if the Benefitted Intangible Assets were acquired from a
foreign company on or after January 1, 2017 for at least NIS 200 million, and
the sale receives prior approval from the National Authority for Technological
Innovation, to which we refer as NATI. The 2017 Amendment further
provides that a technology company satisfying certain conditions will qualify as
a “Special Preferred Technology Enterprise” and will thereby enjoy a reduced
corporate tax rate of 6% on “Preferred Technology Income” regardless of the
company’s geographic location within Israel. In addition, a Special Preferred
Technology Enterprise will enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 6% on capital
gain derived from the sale of certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” to a
related foreign company if the Benefitted Intangible Assets were either
developed by an Israeli company or acquired from a foreign company on or after
January 1, 2017, and the sale received prior approval from NATI. A Special
Preferred Technology Enterprise that acquires Benefitted Intangible Assets from
a foreign company for more than NIS 500 million will be eligible for these
benefits for at least ten years, subject to certain approvals as specified in
the Investment Law. Dividends distributed by a
Preferred Technology Enterprise or a Special Preferred Technology Enterprise,
paid out of Preferred Technology Income, are subject to withholding tax at
source at the rate of 20%, and if distributed to a foreign company and other
conditions are met, the withholding tax rate will be 4%. The Amendment to the Investment Law stipulates that regulations are to be promulgated by no later than March 31, 2017, so as to implement the “Nexus
Principle” based on OECD guidelines recently published as part of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project. Only after the regulations concerning the nexus approach are promulgated we will be able to assess the effect of the new law on our financial results. We are examining the impact of the 2017 Amendment
and the degree to which we will qualify as a Preferred Technology Enterprise or Special Preferred Technology Enterprise, and the
amount of Preferred Technology Income or other benefits that we may receive from the 2017 Amendment. C. Organizational Structure. Our corporate structure
includes Stratasys Ltd., our Israeli parent company, and the following main
active wholly-owned subsidiary entities: Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which was formerly a publicly held company and which became our
indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary as a result of the Stratasys-Objet merger;
Baccio Corporation (formerly known as Cooperation Technology Corporation), to
which we refer as MakerBot, a Delaware corporation which is the direct parent
company of MakerBot Industries, LLC, which we acquired in August 2013; Stratasys
Direct, Inc. (our service bureau business unit), a California corporation;
Stratasys AP Limited, a Hong Kong limited company, which together with several
other subsidiaries (including Stratasys Japan Co. Ltd., our Japanese subsidiary,
and Stratasys Shanghai Ltd., our Chinese subsidiary), carries out most of our
operations in the Asia Pacific region; and Stratasys GMBH, a German limited
liability company, which together with other subsidiaries (including Stratasys
Schweiz AG (Stratasys Switzerland Ltd.), our Swiss subsidiary) carries out our
European operations. We also formed Stratasys Latin America Representacao De
Equipamentos Ltd., a Brazilian subsidiary, which has commenced our Brazilian
operations. Please see the list of subsidiaries appended to this annual report
as Exhibit 8 for a complete list of our subsidiaries as of the date of this
annual report. D. Property, Plants and Equipment. We have dual headquarters, in
Eden Prairie, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel. Our Eden Prairie, Minnesota
headquarters (near Minneapolis) comprises executive offices and production
facilities presently encompassing approximately 377,090 square feet, of which we
own 295,544 square feet, in four buildings. These four buildings serve the
following respective purposes: system assembly, inventory storage, operations
and sales support; manufacturing for one of our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing
paid parts service locations; research and development, filament manufacturing,
and administrative, marketing and sales activities; and expansion of our
production capacity for systems and consumables. Our Rehovot, Israel
headquarters, which we moved into at the beginning of 2017, are newly constructed
facilities with approximately 230,355 square feet, situated on a property that
we purchased in 2015. It houses our Israeli administrative headquarters, our
research and development facilities, and certain manufacturing activities. These
facilities have replaced part of our previous facilities in Rehovot, Israel that
we leased for approximately $2.4 million annually pursuant to a five-year lease
agreement that expired at the end of 2016. As of December 31, 2016, we
leased office space (except with respect to our Eden Prairie headquarters
facilities and our Rehovot, Israel and Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities, where we
own the property) for various purposes, as set forth in the table below. Unless
otherwise stated, all of our facilities are fully utilized. Our material tangible fixed assets include, among other things, the properties listed below. 41 Table of Contents Location: | Primary Usage: | Area (Sq. Feet)
North America:
Eden Prairie, Minnesota | U.S. headquarters | 377,090
Valencia, California | Local headquarters and warehouses | 71,286
San Diego, CA | Facilities | 56,383
Brooklyn, New York | Local headquarters and warehouses | 43,350
River Falls, Wisconsin | Office space | 40,998
Belton, Texas | Local headquarters and warehouses | 40,000
Merrimack, New Hampshire | Facilities, including manufacturing | 35,643
Austin, Texas | Factory | 33,178
Other facilities in North America: | Office space, stores and warehouses | 117,850
Europe and the Middle East:
Rehovot, Israel | Israeli headquarters | 290,366
Kiryat Gat, Israel | Factory and laboratories | 285,070
Rheinmünster, Germany | EMEA headquarters | 55,027
Swiss office | Office space | 205
Other facilities in EMEA: | EMEA headquarters and office space | 21,630
Asia Pacific:
Hong Kong | Office space | 23,057
Other facilities in Asia Pacific: | Office space | 54,198
Other countries: | Office space | 10,942 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS. None. ITEM 5. OPERATING AND
FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
included in this annual report. The discussion below contains forward-looking
statements that are based upon our current expectations and are subject to
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially
from these expectations due to inaccurate assumptions and known or unknown risks
and uncertainties, including those identified in “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements” and in Item 3.D “Key Information – Risk Factors”,
above. A. Operating Results. Overview We are a leading global
provider of additive manufacturing, or AM, solutions for the creation of parts
used in the processes of designing and manufacturing products and for the direct
manufacture of end parts. We provide an integrated
solutions offering for different vertical markets focusing on aerospace,
automotive, healthcare, tooling & manufacturing, education and consumer
electronics that includes compatible products and services that are designed to
meet our customers’ needs in an efficient manner. Our solutions consisting of a
broad range of systems, consumables and services for 3D printing and additive
manufacturing and address our customers’ needs for 3D printing, including
printing systems, consumables, software, paid parts, strategic consulting and
professional services, and 3D content. Our 3D printers include systems ranging from entry-level
desktop 3D printers to systems for rapid prototyping, or RP, and large production systems for direct digital manufacturing, or
DDM. We also develop, manufacture and sell materials for use with our systems and provide related services offerings. We offer
a powerful range of additive manufacturing materials, including clear, rubberlike and biocompatible photopolymers, and tough high-performance
thermoplastics. We believe that the range of 3D printing consumable materials that we offer, consisting
of 15 fused deposition modeling, or FDM, cartridge-based materials, 25 Polyjet cartridge-based materials, five Smooth Curvature
Printing, or SCP, inkjet-based materials, 158 non-color digital materials, and over 1,500 color variations, is the widest in
the industry . Our service offerings include Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, or SDM, printed parts services which offers
AM capabilities encompassing a wide range of technologies allowing for plastic and metal parts for rapid prototyping and production
processes, as well as related professional services. We conduct our business
globally and provide products and services to our global customer base through
our main operational facilities which are located in Israel, the United States,
Germany and Hong Kong as well through our offices in China, Italy, Brazil,
India, Japan and Korea . Our extensive global reach is well-positioned
through a network of approximately 200 resellers and selling agents around the
world and an online channel. We have approximately 2,500 employees and hold more
than 1,200 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents globally. 42 Table of Contents Key measures of our
performance Revenues Our consolidated revenues
result primarily from sales of (i) our products, which include both our AM
systems and related consumable materials, (ii) provision of related services and
(iii) our direct manufacturing service. We effect revenues and deliver services
principally through the following channels: ● | sales to resellers, who purchase and resell our products and who provide support services for our printing systems;
● | sales of systems that are marketed by independent sales agents, pursuant to which we sell directly to end-users, pay commissions to such agents, and directly handle the sale of consumables and provision of support services; and
● | sales of systems (and all related products and services) as well as our direct manufacturing solutions service that we effect and/or provide to our customers directly. There is overlap among
the channels as some independent sales agents for our higher-end products also serve as resellers of our other products. Product revenues Product revenues are
influenced by a number of factors, including, among other things, (i) the
adoption rate of our products, (ii) end-user product design application and
manufacturing activity, and (iii) the capital expenditure budgets of end-users
and potential end-users, all of which may be significantly influenced by
macroeconomic factors. Purchases of our 3D printing and production systems,
especially our higher-end, higher-priced systems, typically involve longer sales
cycles. Product revenues also depend
upon the volume of consumables that we sell. Sales of our consumable materials
are linked to the number of AM systems that are installed and active worldwide.
Sales of consumables are also driven by system usage, which is generally a
function of the size of the particular system and the level of design and/or
manufacturing activity and budget of the particular end-user. Larger systems
generally use greater amounts of consumables due to their greater capacity and
the higher levels of design and production. Services revenues Services revenues derive from
(i) our direct manufacturing parts services that provide a variety of
technologies and custom manufacturing solutions; (ii) maintenance and warranty;
and (iii) other service contracts. In addition, in connection with direct sales,
we generally charge separately for installation and training. Additional
services revenues are generated from services contracts most often entered into
directly with end-users subsequent to the expiration of the initial warranty
period. Costs of revenues Our costs of revenues consist
of costs of products and costs of services. Costs of products consist primarily
of components and subassemblies purchased for the manufacture of our AM systems
and raw materials, such as thermoplastic and photopolymer materials, for the
manufacture of our consumables, as well as any royalties paid with respect to
sales of certain of those consumables. Costs of products also include
manufacturing and manufacturing-related labor costs, indirect production costs,
depreciation and amortization expense related mainly to developed technology
assets acquired as part of our business combinations. 43 Table of Contents Our costs of services revenues
consist primarily of costs of our service personnel, material and other
production costs of our direct manufacturing service business and installation
costs which include engineers dedicated to on-site training and support and
travel costs of these engineers. Both costs of products and costs of services
include related facilities costs. Our most significant components of cost of revenues
are costs of materials used for our printers, wages and related benefits costs, which together accounted for approximately 86% of our total direct cost of sales. An additional significant item of our cost of revenues is the amortization expense that
we primarily incur in connection with developed technology assets acquired as part of our business combinations. These amortization expenses
varies based on the timing and type of acquisitions, and were $43 million, $51 million and $56 million for the years ended December
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016, a hypothetical 10% rise in
commodity prices for raw materials would have caused an approximate $20 million increase
in cost of revenues in our Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income. As to wages and related benefits, a 10%
increase in wages due to wage inflation would have caused an approximate $7 million increase
in cost of revenues in our Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income. During 2016, we did not notice particular
trends that changed, or were expected to change in the near future, the absolute or relative significance of the components of
our costs of revenues in a material manner. We also believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operations or
on our financial condition during the three most recent fiscal years. Currently, we do not foresee a
significant change in either the raw materials used for production or wage
inflation that would materially impact our business. For further information,
please see “Item 11. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”
in this annual report. Gross profit The gross profit and gross
margin for our products are influenced by a number of factors. The most
important of these is the mix of our products sold. Specifically, the gross
margins on our high-end Production series and Design series of AM systems, as
well as on our consumables, are typically higher than the gross margins on our entry-level products and MakerBot desktop printers. Accordingly, an increase in the
percentage of sales of our entry-level products could cause our profit margins
to decrease. Furthermore, we believe that as our worldwide installed base of AM
systems increases, subsequent sales of our proprietary consumables will also
increase. We also seek to reduce our costs of revenues by improving our ability
to use less costly components and increasing manufacturing efficiencies in the
production of our systems. In addition, we will also seek to achieve lower
material costs and leverage our overall capabilities in our direct manufacturing
service business. Products gross margins are also impacted by the mix of revenues generated from sales to resellers based in different geographical areas as opposed to sales that are facilitated by independent sales agents or directly by us. Service gross margins are influenced mainly by the
volume of revenues generated from our direct manufacturing service business as well as
the ratio of service engineers to our installed base in a given geographic area, as that ratio impacts travel costs and efficiency
of our service engineers. Operating expenses Our operating expenses for
2016 consisted of (i) research and development expenses, (ii) selling, general and
administrative expenses and (iii) changes in fair value of obligations in
connection with acquisitions. Research and development
expenses Our research and development
activities consist of projects aimed at developing new printing systems and
materials and projects aimed at enhancing the capabilities of our existing
product lines, as well as significant technology platform and applications, developments for our
current technologies, including our integrated software. We also seek to develop
disruptive technologies and other process improvement solutions in the additive
manufacturing ecosystem. Our research and development expenses consist primarily
of employee compensation and employee-related personnel expenses, materials,
laboratory supplies, costs for related software and costs for facilities.
Expenditures for research, development and engineering of products are expensed
as incurred. Our research and development efforts are essential to our future
growth and our ability to remain competitive in the AM market. We work closely
with existing and potential customers, distribution channels and major
resellers, who provide significant feedback for products development and
innovation. We are also entitled to
reimbursements from certain government funding plans. These reimbursements are
recognized as a reduction of expenses as the related cost is incurred. We are
not required to pay royalties on sales of products developed using our
government funding. 44 Table of Contents Selling, general and
administrative expenses Our selling, general and administrative expenses
include employee compensation and employee-related expenses for marketing, sales and other
sales-operation employees , and for managerial and administrative personnel, including executive officers, accounting, legal,
information technology and human resources. This category of expenses also covers commissions, advertising and promotions expenses,
related facilities costs, professional service fees, respective depreciation, as well as amortization expenses related to acquired
assets as part of our business combinations. Commissions consist of
sales-based commissions to independent sales agents and internal sales
personnel. Commission rates vary, depending on the geographic location of the
agent and on the achievement of certain performance targets. Our advertising and promotion expenses consist primarily of media advertising costs, trade
and consumer marketing expenses and public relations expenses which aims to
strengthen our leadership brand position in key vertical markets. Facilities costs that are
included in our selling, general and administrative expenses include a portion
of the occupancy costs for our facilities in countries where sales, marketing
and administrative personnel are located. Professional service fees for
accounting and legal services and reserves for specific legal proceedings
referred to elsewhere in this annual report are also included in selling,
general and administrative expenses. Change in fair value of
obligations in connection with acquisitions As part of the Solid Concepts
transactions we recognized a deferred payments obligation. This obligation was
recognized as part of the consideration transferred and it is re-measured at
fair-value in each reporting period. The fair value of this obligation was
measured using specific valuation models, which were based on unobservable
inputs and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value
hierarchy. The deferred payments for the Solid Concepts transaction are
recognized as liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets and
are classified under short-term and long-term obligations in connection with
acquisitions. The fair value is determined based on the closing market price of
our ordinary shares at the applicable date, adjusted to reflect a discount for
lack of marketability for the applicable periods. Refer to Note 2 and Note 3 to
our audited financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report for
further information. 2016 Financial
Highlights Significant business
activities and financial performance in 2016 included: ● | Revenues decreased by $23.5 million, or 3.4%, compared to 2015. The decrease primarily reflects a decrease in systems revenues which was partially offset by an increase in consumables revenues.
● | Operating loss decreased by $1.29 billion primarily due to goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges of $1.22 billion that were recorded in 2015 compared to intangible assets impairment charges of $17.9 million in 2016. In addition, we also benefited from the effective implementation of our costs reduction initiatives.
● | Net loss attributable to Stratasys amounted to $77.2 million in 2016 or diluted loss per share of $1.48 compared to net loss attributable to Stratasys of $1.37 billion or diluted loss per share of $26.64 in 2015.
● | Cash flows provided by operating activities amounted to $62.0 million, which reflect an increase of $83.9 million of cash flows generated in operating activities compared to $21.9 million of cash used in operating activities in 2015.
● | Borrowed $26 million and secured a credit line for an additional $24 million, which are both secured by a first priority lien on all of our company’s rights in the property of our new office facility in Israel. Results of Operations We are providing within this
section a supplemental discussion that compares historical statement of
operations data in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United State of America, or GAAP, for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014. Refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included
in Item 18 of this annual report for certain pro forma information for the Solid
Concepts transaction for the year ended December 31, 2014. 45 The following table sets
forth, certain financial data derived from our consolidated statements of income
presented as percentages of our net sales for the periods indicated: Year ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014
Net sales | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | %
Cost of sales | 52.8 | % | 85.3 | % | 51.7 | %
Gross profit | 47.2 | % | 14.7 | % | 48.3 | %
Research and development, net | 14.5 | % | 17.6 | % | 11.0 | %
Selling, general and administrative | 45.7 | % | 62.4 | % | 46.9 | %
Goodwill impairment | 0.0 | % | 135.4 | % | 13.7 | %
Change in fair value of obligations in connection
with acquisitions | -0.1 | % | -3.4 | % | -3.5 | %
Operating loss | -12.9 | % | -197.3 | % | -19.8 | %
Financial income (expense), net | 0.1 | % | -1.5 | % | -0.9 | %
Loss before income taxes | -12.8 | % | -198.8 | % | -20.6 | %
Income taxes benefit | -1.4 | % | -1.5 | % | -4.7 | %
Share in losses of associated company | -0.1 | % | 0.0 | % | 0.0 | %
Net loss | -11.5 | % | -197.3 | % | -15.9 | %
Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests | -0.1 | % | -0.1 | % | 0.0 | %
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | -11.5 | % | -197.2 | % | -15.9 | % 46 Table of Contents Discussion of Results of
Operations Revenues Our products and services
revenues for the last three years, as well as the percentage change from year to
year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
% Change | % Change
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands
Products | $ | 479,031 | $ | 503,946 | $ | 612,138 | -4.9 | % | -17.7 | %
Services | 193,427 | 192,049 | 137,991 | 0.7 | % | 39.2 | %
$ | 672,458 | $ | 695,995 | $ | 750,129 | -3.4 | % | -7.2 | % Our total consolidated
revenues in 2016 were $672.5 million, a decrease of $23.5 million, or 3.4%,
compared to 2015. The decrease primarily reflects a decrease in products
revenues, partially offset by a slight increase in services revenues, as further
discussed below. Product
Revenues 2016 Compared to 2015 Revenues derived from products
(including AM systems, consumable materials and other products) decreased by
$24.9 million in 2016, or 4.9%, as compared to 2015. The decrease in products
revenues primarily reflects a decrease in unit volumes. Products revenues were partially offset by an increase in our sales of consumables
offerings which increased by 9.8% compared to 2015. The decrease in systems
revenue reflects lower revenues across our high-end and lower-end systems,
partially offset by revenues generated from our new J-750 full-color,
multi-material 3D printer, which was launched during the second quarter of
2016. Consumables revenues increased
in 2016 by 9.8% compared to 2015. The increase in consumables revenues, was
primarily due to the favorable effect of our growing installed base of systems
and high performance consumable materials offerings for use in new
applications. 2015 Compared to 2014 Revenues derived from products
decreased by $108.2 million, or 17.7%, in 2015 compared to 2014. The decrease in
products revenues was primarily driven by a decrease in systems and other
products revenues and a negative impact from foreign currency exchange
fluctuations, which were partially offset by an increase in our sales of
consumables offerings which increased by 5.1% as compared to 2014. Services Revenues 2016 Compared to 2015 Services revenues (including
SDM, maintenance and other services) increased by $1.4 million, or 0.7%,
in 2016 compared to 2015. The increase in services revenues was primarily
attributable to the increase in revenues from maintenance contracts and service
parts, reflecting our growing installed base of systems and our effective
support solutions suiting for the end-users’ needs, and was partially offset by
the decrease in SDM revenues by 6.8% compared to 2015. 2015 Compared to 2014 Services revenues increased by
$54.1 million, or 39.2%, in 2015 compared to 2014. The increase in services
revenues was primarily attributable to the increase in our SDM revenues, which
increased by $40.0 million, or 73.7%, compared to 2014 primarily due to the
inclusion for the full year of Solid Concepts and Harvest revenues after their
respective transaction dates. Services revenues also increased organically due
to maintenance contracts and service parts, reflecting our growing installed
base of systems. 47 Table of Contents Revenues by Region Revenues and the percentage of
net sales by region for the last three years, as well as the percentage change,
were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in | % of net | U.S. $ in | % of net | U.S. $ in | % of net
thousands | sales | thousands | sales | thousands | sales | Change in % | Change in %
North America | $ | 399,870 | 59.5 | % | $ | 413,017 | 59.3 | % | $ | 405,880 | 54.1 | % | -3.2 | % | 1.8 | %
EMEA | 137,924 | 20.5 | % | 148,169 | 21.3 | % | 183,462 | 24.4 | % | -6.9 | % | -19.2 | %
Asia Pacific | 122,998 | 18.3 | % | 122,257 | 17.6 | % | 150,475 | 20.1 | % | 0.6 | % | -18.8 | %
Other | 11,666 | 1.7 | % | 12,552 | 1.8 | % | 10,312 | 1.4 | % | -7.1 | % | 21.7 | %
$ | 672,458 | 100.0 | % | $ | 695,995 | 100.0 | % | $ | 750,129 | 100.0 | % | -3.4 | % | -7.2 | % 2016 Compared to 2015 Revenues in the North America
region decreased by $13.1 million, or 3.2% to $399.9 million in 2016 compared to
$413.0 million in 2015. The decrease was driven primarily by lower revenues of
our systems as well as services revenues due to lower SDM revenues, partially
offset by higher consumables revenues. Revenues in the EMEA region
decreased by $10.2 million, or 6.9%, to $137.9 million in 2016 compared to
$148.2 million in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower systems
revenues. In local currencies terms, net sales of the EMEA region in 2016
decreased by 5.1% as compared to 2015. Revenues in the EMEA region were
negatively impacted by approximately $2.7 million, on a constant currency basis
when using prior period’s exchange rates. Revenues in the Asia Pacific
region increased by $0.7 million, or 0.6%, to $123.0 million in 2016 compared to
$122.3 million in 2015. The slight increase was driven by an increase in consumables revenues and was partially
offset by lower systems revenues. 2015 Compared to 2014 Net sales in the North America
region increased by $7.1 million, or 1.8% to $413.0 million in 2015 as compared
to $405.9 million in 2014. The increase was driven primarily by an increase in
services revenues, due to the inclusion of a full year of SDM revenues in 2015
as well as an increase of our consumables offerings net sales, partially offset
by lower net sales of our systems. Net sales in the EMEA region
decreased by $35.3 million, or 19.2%, to $148.2 million in 2015 as compared to
$183.5 million in 2014. This decrease was primarily due to lower sales of our
systems. In local currencies terms, net sales of the EMEA region in 2015
decreased by 6.3% as compared to 2014. Net sales in the Asia Pacific region
decreased by $28.2 million, or 18.8%, to $122.3 million in 2015 as compared to
$150.5 million in 2014. This decrease was due primarily to lower sales of our
systems, partially offset by an increase of our consumables offerings net sales. Gross Profit Gross profit for our products
and services for the last three years, as well as the percentage change from
year to year, was as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands | Change in % | Change in %
Gross profit attributable to:
Products | $ | 244,378 | $ | 37,725 | $ | 309,300 | 547.8 | % | -87.8 | %
Services | 72,928 | 64,447 | 53,094 | 13.2 | % | 21.4 | %
$ | 317,306 | $ | 102,172 | $ | 362,394 | 210.6 | % | -71.8 | % 48 Table of Contents Gross profit as a percentage
of net sales for our products and services for the last three years, as well as
the percentage change from year to year, was as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
Change in % | Change in %
Gross profit as a percentage of revenues from:
Products | 51.0 | % | 7.5 | % | 50.5 | % | 584.2 | % | -85.2 | %
Services | 37.7 | % | 33.6 | % | 38.5 | % | 12.2 | % | -12.8 | %
Total gross profit | 47.2 | % | 14.7 | % | 48.3 | % | 221.4 | % | -69.6 | % 2016 Compared to 2015 Gross profit attributable to
products sales increased by $206.7 million, or 547.8%, to $244.4 million in 2016
compared to $37.7 million in 2015. Gross profit attributable to products sales
as a percentage of revenues increased to 51.0% in 2016 compared to 7.5% in 2015.
The increase in gross profit attributable to products sales was primarily due to
impairment charges of $191.4 million related to certain of our developed
technology intangible assets that were recorded in 2015 compared to $1.8 million
in 2016, as well as favorable changes in product mix, partially offset by lower
systems revenues. Gross profit attributable to
services revenues increased by $8.5 million, or 13.2%, to $72.9 million in 2016
compared to $64.4 million in 2015. Gross profit from services as a percentage of
services revenues in 2016 increased to 37.7% compared to 33.6% in 2015. The
increase in gross profit from services primarily reflects increased volume of
our maintenance and warranty contracts as well as improved margins attributable
to our cost reduction initiatives. 2015 Compared to 2014 Gross profit attributable to
products sales decreased by $271.6 million, or 87.8%, to $37.7 million in 2015
as compared to $309.3 million in 2014. Gross profit attributable to products
sales as a percentage of revenues decreased to 7.5% in 2015 as compared to 50.5%
in 2014. The decrease in gross profit attributable to products sales was
primarily due to impairment charges of $191.4 million related to certain of our
developed technology intangible assets in 2015, as compared to $11.6 million in
2014. The decrease in gross profit was also attributable to a decrease in
products net sales, as discussed above, as well as changes in product mix that
favored relatively lower-margin systems net sales. Gross profit attributable to
services revenues increased by $11.4 million, or 21.4%, to $64.4 million in 2015
as compared to $53.1 million in 2014. Gross profit from services as a percentage
of services revenues in 2015 decreased to 33.6% as compared to 38.5% in 2014.
The changes in gross profit from services revenues primarily reflect the
inclusion for a full year of Solid Concepts and Harvest Technologies operations
in 2015, which resulted in an increase of $10.1 million in 2015 as compared to
2014. Operating Expenses The amount of each type of
operating expense for the last three years, as well as the percentage change
between such annual periods, and total operating expenses as a percentage of our
total sales in each such annual period, was as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands | Change in % | Change in %
Research and development, net | $ | 97,778 | $ | 122,360 | $ | 82,270 | -20.1 | % | 48.7 | %
Selling, general & administrative | 307,113 | 434,619 | 351,993 | -29.3 | % | 23.5 | %
Goodwill impairment | - | 942,408 | 102,470 | -100.0 | % | 819.7 | %
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (872 | ) | (23,671 | ) | (26,150 | ) | -96.3 | % | -9.5 | %
$ | 404,019 | $ | 1,475,716 | $ | 510,583 | -72.6 | % | 189.0 | % 2016 Compared to 2015 Research and development
expenses, net decreased by $24.6 million, or 20.1%, in 2016 compared to 2015.
Research and development expense, net as a percentage of revenues decreased to
14.5% in 2016 compared to 17.6% in 2015. 49 Table of Contents The decrease was primarily due to impairment charges of $18.2 million related to certain of our
in-process research and development projects that were recorded in 2015 as well
as our costs-savings initiatives. The decrease was
partially offset by increase in our GrabCad operations reflecting our increased
efforts to develop our software solutions. Based on our analysis of our
key vertical markets, we maintain our intention to continue to invest in research
and development in order to accelerate innovation and bring a broad range of
hardware, materials and software solutions to create a leading 3D printing
ecosystem. In addition, we will continue with our portfolio prioritization and realignment of our projects that further focus our resources. Selling, general and
administrative expenses in 2016 decreased by $127.5 million, or 29.3%, to $307.1
million, compared to $434.6 million in 2015. Selling, general and administrative
expenses in 2016 as a percentage of revenues were 45.7% as compared to 62.4% in
2015. The decrease in our selling,
general and administrative expenses was primarily due to intangible assets
impairment charges recorded in 2015 of $68.9 million compared to $15.1 that were
recorded in 2016, as well as non-recurring post-merger integration expenses
related to SDM formation, certain reorganization related charges, as well as
marketing and branding expenses that were recorded during 2015. In addition, the decrease in our selling, general and administrative expenses was also driven by
 the effective implementation of our costs reduction initiatives which reduced certain of our variable and fixed
expenses. For further information regarding our impairment charges of certain of our intangible assets, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. During the year ended December
31, 2016, we recorded a gain of $0.9 million, compared to a gain of $23.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2015, due to the revaluation of
obligations in connection with acquisitions. The gain recorded in 2016 reflects
the revaluation of the deferred payments liability in connection with the Solid
Concepts transaction which was mainly attributable to changes in our share
price. For further information, see note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. 2015 Compared to 2014 Research and development
expenses, net increased by $40.1 million, or 48.7%, in 2015, compared to 2014.
Research and development expense, net as a percentage of sales increased to
17.6% in 2015, compared to 11.0% in 2014. The increase was primarily due to the
inclusion of a full year of GrabCad operations, following the acquisition of
GrabCad in September, 2014, which added $8.1 million and an increase in
headcount to support new research and development initiatives, as well as
impairment charges of $18.2 million related to certain of our in-process
research and development projects in 2015, compared to $3.0 million in
2014. Selling, general and
administrative expenses in 2015 amounted to $434.6 million, compared to $352.0
million in 2014. The increase of our selling, general and administrative
expenses was primarily attributed to impairment charges related to intangible
assets of $68.9 million, certain reorganization and other related charges, as
well as strategic and marketing activities, including branding and IT related
costs. During the year ended December
31, 2015, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $942.4 million related to
all of our reporting units. During 2015, we determined that certain indicators
of potential impairment that required an interim goodwill impairment analysis
for all of our reporting units existed. These indicators included a further
significant decline in the Company’s market capitalization for a sustained
period and weaker than expected operating results of its reporting units for
2015, which resulted in changes to the Company’s near-term cash flows
projections, which reflect, among other things, the increased uncertainty in the
3D printing environment. Accordingly, we performed a quantitative two-step
assessment for goodwill impairment for each of our reporting units. As part of
the two-step impairment test, we performed calculation for the implied fair
value of goodwill of our reporting units and determined that the carrying amount
of goodwill assigned to certain of our reporting units exceeded its fair value.
As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $942.4 million, in
order to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill to its implied fair
value. During the year ended December
31, 2014, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $102.5 million related to
our MakerBot reporting unit. During the year ended December
31, 2015, we recorded a gain of $23.7 million, compared to a gain of $26.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2014, due to the revaluation of
obligations in connection with acquisitions. The gain recorded during the year
ended December 31, 2015 was due to the downward revaluation of the deferred
payments liability in connection with the Solid Concepts transaction which was
mainly attributable to changes in our share price. For further information, see
note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this
annual report. 50 Table of Contents Operating Loss Operating loss and operating
loss as a percentage of our total net sales for the last three years, as well as
the percentage change in operating income between those years, were as
follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands | Change in % | Change in %
Operating loss | $ | (86,713 | ) | $ | (1,373,544 | ) | $ | (148,189 | ) | -94% | 827%
Percentage of sales | -12.9 | % | -197.3 | % | -19.8 | % 2016 Compared to 2015 Operating loss for the year
ended December 31, 2016 was $86.7 million as compared to an operating loss of
$1.37 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in operating
loss was primarily attributable to the non-recurring, non-cash goodwill and
intangible assets impairment charges of $1.22 billion recorded in 2015 as
well as other factors as discussed above. 2015 Compared to 2014 Operating loss for the year
ended December 31, 2015 was $1.37 billion as compared to an operating loss of
$148.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in operating
loss was primarily attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets
impairment charges of $1.22 billion. Financial income (expense),
net 2016 Compared to 2015 Financial income,
net, which were primarily comprised of foreign currencies effects and interest
income, net, amounted to $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016,
compared to a financial expense, net of $10.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The change in financial income (expense), net was primarily due to immaterial interest expenses incurred in 2016
compared to interest expenses related to the outstanding debt balance borrowed
under our credit facility in 2015 and additional costs related to the
termination of our revolving credit facility during September 2015 in an amount
of $2.7 million. In addition, our financial
income (expense), net increased due to lower foreign currency translation losses
resulted from changes in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the
local currencies in the markets in which we operate (primarily the Euro). These
losses were offset by our derivatives and hedging activity in 2016 . In 2017, we expect to incur additional
interest expense following our borrowing in connection with our new facility in
Israel. For further information, see note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. 2015 Compared to 2014 Financial expenses, net, which
were primarily comprised of foreign currencies effects and interest expense,
net, amounted to $10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to
a financial expense, net of $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The increase in financial expense, net was primarily due to costs related to the
termination of our revolving credit facility during September 2015 in an amount
of $2.7 million, as well as foreign currency translation losses due to changes
in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the local currencies in the
markets in which we operate (primarily the Euro). 51 Table of Contents Income Taxes Income taxes and income taxes
as a percentage of net income before taxes for the last three years, as well as
the percentage change in income taxes between those years, were as
follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands | Change in % | Change in %
Income taxes | $ | (9,446 | ) | $ | (10,320 | ) | $ | (35,248 | ) | -8.5% | -70.7%
As a percent of
loss before income taxes | 10.9 | % | 0.7 | % | 22.8 | % | 1366.7% | -96.7% 2016 Compared to 2015 Our effective tax rate for the
year ended December 31, 2016 was 10.9% as compared to 0.7% tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2015. Our
effective tax rate is impacted significantly from the changes in the mix of
taxable income and loss between Israel and the U.S. with no tax benefit being
recorded for our U.S. subsidiaries tax losses. We will continue to monitor
whether the realization of our remaining deferred tax assets is more likely than
not. During 2016, we recorded an
income tax benefit of $ 6.8 attributable to one of our foreign subsidiaries which
received a favorable tax ruling from the tax authorities. In addition, during
2016, we adjusted our estimate of long-term tax rates in Israel. As a result, we
recorded $5.2 million of income taxes benefit against deferred tax liabilities
associated with the amortization of the respective intangible assets. For a full reconciliation of
our effective tax rate to the Israeli statutory rate of 25% and for further
explanation of our provision for income taxes, refer to note 9 to our
consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. 2015 Compared to 2014 Our effective tax rate for the
year ended December 31, 2015 was 0.7% as compared to 22.8% tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2014. Our
effective tax rate has varied significantly due to changes in the mix of taxable
income and loss between Israel and the U.S., driven by no tax benefit being
recorded for our U.S. subsidiaries tax losses for the year ended December 31,
2015. Our effective tax rate for the
year ended December 31, 2015, was impacted by goodwill impairment of $942.4
million, as described in note 7 to our consolidated financial statements
included in Item 18 of this annual report, which is non-tax deductible, and
therefore had a significant impact on the effective tax rate for that period. In
addition, the impairment of certain intangible assets, as described in note 8 to
our consolidated financial statements as well as tax deductible goodwill,
resulted in a reversal of related deferred tax liabilities amounting to $116.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2015. We also recorded a valuation
allowance of $152.1 million against deferred tax assets in respect of deferred
tax assets as it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will not
be realized in the near-term. In addition, during 2015, we
adjusted our estimate of long-term tax rates in Israel. As a result, we recorded
$4.2 million of income taxes and deferred tax liabilities associated with the
amortization of the intangible assets. 52 Table of Contents Net Loss and Net Loss Per
Share Attributable to Stratasys Ltd. Net loss and net loss as a
percentage of our total revenues for the last three years, as well as the
percentage change in net income between those years, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2016-2015 | 2015-2014
U.S. $ in thousands | Change in % | Change in %
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (77,219 | ) | $ | (1,372,835 | ) | $ | (119,420 | ) | -94.4% | 1049.6%
Percentage of Sales | -11.5 | % | -197.2 | % | -15.9 | %
Diluted net income (loss) per share | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | (2.39 | ) | -94.4% | 1016.0% 2016 Compared to 2015 Net loss attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $77.2 million as
compared to $1.37 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease
in net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd was primarily attributable to the
non-cash goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges of
$1.22 billion recorded in 2015 as well as other factors as discussed
above. Diluted loss per share for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $1.48 and $26.64, respectively. The
weighted average fully diluted share count for the year ended December 31, 2016
was 52.6 million, compared to 51.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 2015 Compared to 2014 Net loss attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $1.37 billion as
compared to $119.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase
of the net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd was due to the factors that were
previously discussed, primarily the increase in goodwill and other intangible
assets impairment charges and the decrease in net sales. Diluted loss per share for the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $26.64 and $2.39, respectively. The
weighted average fully diluted share count for the year ended December 31, 2015
was 51.6 million, compared to 50.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
In computing our loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, we
adjusted the net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. by $1.8 million due to
excess redemption amount of redeemable non-controlling interest. Goodwill Assessment as of
December 31, 2016 During the fourth quarter of
2016, we performed a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment for our
Stratasys-Objet reporting unit. Following our quantitative
assessment, we concluded that the fair value of Stratasys-Objet reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount by approximately 5% , with a carrying amount of
goodwill assigned to this reporting unit in the amount of $386 million. When
evaluating the fair value of Stratasys-Objet reporting unit we used a discounted
cash flow model which utilized Level 3 measures that represent unobservable
inputs into our valuation method. Key assumptions used to
determine the estimated fair value include: (a) expected cash flow for 5 years
following the assessment date which (including expected revenue growth, costs to
produce, operating profit margins and estimated capital needs); (b) an estimated
terminal value using a terminal year growth rate of 3.1% determined based on the
growth prospects of the reporting unit; and (c) a discount rate of 14.0% based
on management’s best estimate of the after-tax weighted average cost of capital.
If any of these were to vary materially from our plans, we could face impairment
of goodwill allocated to this reporting unit in the future. A hypothetical decrease in the growth rate
of 1% or an increase of 1% to the discount rate would reduce the fair value of the Stratasys-Objet reporting unit by approximately $46 million and $83 million,
respectively , and could trigger a potential impairment of its goodwill. Based on our assessment as of
December 31, 2016, no goodwill was determined to be impaired. Determining the fair value of
our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit requires significant judgment, including
judgments about the appropriate discount rates, terminal growth rates, weighted
average costs of capital and the amount and timing of projected future cash
flows. We will continue to monitor the fair value of Stratasys-Objet reporting
unit and intangible assets to determine whether events and changes in
circumstances such as further deterioration in the business climate or operating
results, further significant decline in our share price, changes in management’s
business strategy or downward changes of our cash flows projections, warrant
further interim impairment testing. For further information, refer to note 7 to
our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. 53 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following non-GAAP data,
which excludes certain items as described below, are non-GAAP financial
measures. Our management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are
useful information for investors and shareholders of our company in gauging our
results of operations (x) on an ongoing basis after excluding merger and
acquisition related expense and reorganization-related charges, and (y)
excluding non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expenses, acquired
intangible assets amortization, impairment of goodwill and other long-lived
assets, changes in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions and
the corresponding tax effect of those items . We also exclude non-recurring changes of non-cash valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, as well as non-recurring significant tax charges or benefits that relate to prior periods which we do not believe are reflective of ongoing business and operating results. These non-GAAP
adjustments either do not reflect actual cash outlays that impact our liquidity
and our financial condition or have a non-recurring impact on the statement of
operations, as assessed by management. These non-GAAP financial measures are
presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses
our performance for internal planning and forecasting purposes. The limitations
of using these non-GAAP financial measures as performance measures are that they
provide a view of our results of operations without including all items
indicated above during a period, which may not provide a comparable view of our
performance to other companies in our industry. Investors and other readers
should consider non-GAAP measures only as supplements to, not as substitutes for
or as superior measures to, the measures of financial performance prepared in
accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation between results on a GAAP and non-GAAP
basis is provided in a table below. 54 Table of Contents Reconciliation of GAAP and
Non-GAAP Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2016
Non-GAAP
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP
(U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share amounts)
Gross profit (1) | $ | 317,306 | $ | 50,334 | $ | 367,640
Operating income (loss) (1,2) | (86,713 | ) | 115,729 | 29,016
Net income (loss) attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (77,219 | ) | 91,989 | 14,770
Net income (loss) per diluted share attributable
to Stratasys Ltd. (4) | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | 1.76 | $ | 0.28
(1) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 41,712
Impairment charges of other intangible assets | 1,779
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 2,780
Reorganization and other related costs | 3,846
Merger and acquisition related expense | 217
50,334
(2) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 14,901
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 17,993
Impairment charges of intangible assets and other long-lived assets | 21,774
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (872 | )
Reorganization and other related costs | 3,671
Merger and acquisition related expense | 7,928
65,395
115,729
(3) | Corresponding tax effect and other tax adjustments | (24,233 | )
Intangible assets amortization expense of associated company | 493
$ | 91,989
(4) | Weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding- Diluted | 52,582 | 53,201 55 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, 2015
Non-GAAP
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP
(U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share amounts)
Gross profit (1) | $ | 102,172 | $ | 259,545 | $ | 361,717
Operating income (loss) (1,2) | (1,373,544 | ) | 1,357,577 | (15,967 | )
Net income (loss) attributable to
Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (1,372,835 | ) | 1,382,789 | 9,954
Net income (loss) per diluted share attributable
to Stratasys Ltd. (4) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | 26.83 | $ | 0.19
(1) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 50,353
Impairment charges of other intangible assets | 191,534
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 5,381
Reorganization and other related costs | 10,949
Merger and acquisition related expense | 1,328
259,545
(2) | Goodwill impairment | 942,408
Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 22,436
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 24,629
Impairment charges of intangible assets and other long-lived assets | 86,937
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (23,671 | )
Reorganization and other related costs | 16,955
Merger and acquisition related expense | 28,338
1,098,032
1,357,577
(3) | Credit facility termination related costs | 2,705
Corresponding tax effect and other tax adjustments | 22,507
$ | 1,382,789
(4) | Weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding- Diluted | 51,592 | 52,824 56 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, 2014
Non-GAAP
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP
(U.S. dollars and shares in thousands,
except per share amounts)
Gross profit (1) | $ | 362,394 | $ | 76,877 | $ | 439,271
Operating income (loss) (1,2) | (148,189 | ) | 256,452 | 108,263
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (119,420 | ) | 223,049 | 103,629
Net income (loss) per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (4) | $ | (2.39 | ) | $ | 4.39 | $ | 2.00
(1) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 56,470
Impairment charges of other intangible assets | 11,636
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 4,493
Merger and acquisition related expense | 4,278
76,877
Goodwill impairment | 102,470
(2) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 24,952
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 25,714
Impairment charges of other intangible assets | 3,000
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (26,150 | )
Merger and acquisition related expense | 49,589
179,575
256,452
(3) | Corresponding tax effect | (33,403 | )
$ | 223,049
(4) | Weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding-Diluted | 50,019 | 51,805 57 Table of Contents Forward-looking
Statements and Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operation See “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-looking Statements” at the beginning of this annual report (following
the table of contents). Variability of Operating
Results Our revenues and profitability
may vary in any given year, and from quarter to quarter, depending on the number
and mix of products sold and the average selling price of the products, and are
also affected by the seasonality of our business. In addition, due to
competition, uncertain market acceptance and other factors, we may be required
to reduce prices for our products in the future. Our future results will be
affected by a number of factors, including our ability to: increase the number
of units sold; develop, introduce and deliver new products on a timely basis;
accurately anticipate customer demand patterns; and manage future inventory
levels in line with anticipated demand. Our results may also be affected by
competitive factors, the extent to which our cost reduction program succeeds,
the availability of working capital, results of litigation, the enforcement of
intellectual property rights, currency exchange rate fluctuations, commodity
prices and economic conditions in the geographic areas in which we operate.
Macro factors, such as the extent of growth of the 3D printing market generally,
may also impact our operating results. There can be no assurance that our
historical performance in sales, gross profit and net income (loss) will improve
or even continue, or that sales, gross profit and net income (loss) in any
particular quarter will improve over those of preceding quarters, including
comparable quarters of previous years. See Item 3.D - “Risk Factors” above. Effective Corporate Tax
Rate See “Israeli Tax
Considerations and Government Programs — General Corporate Tax Structure in
Israel” in Item 4.B above for a discussion of the general tax structure in
Israel and applicable corporate tax rates. In 2016, we derived a significant portion of our income from facilities granted Approved or Beneficiary Enterprise status, offset by losses of our U.S. subsidiaries with no tax benefit being recorded for those losses, as the near-term realization of these assets is uncertain. Therefore, our effective tax rate differ significantly from the historic rate of Stratasys, Inc. See “Israeli Tax
Considerations and Government Programs — The Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above. Income tax expense in our historical
financial statements prior to 2013 related primarily to the income taxes of
non-Israeli subsidiaries, as income from Objet Ltd. was included only for the
month of December, 2012, subsequent to the Stratasys-Objet merger. In the event we have taxable
income in Israel, derived from sources other than Approved or Beneficiary
Enterprises, such income would be taxable at the regular Israeli corporate tax
rates described above. As part of the process of
preparing our consolidated financial statements, we must estimate our income
taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves
our estimating our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary
differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting
purposes. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future
changes in income tax law or results from final tax examinations and
reviews. Effects of Government
Regulations and Location on our Business For a discussion of the
effects of Israeli governmental regulation and our location in Israel on our
business, see “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs” in Item 4.B
above and the “Risks related to operations in Israel” in Item 3.D above. Inflation We believe that inflation has
not had a material effect on our operations or on our financial condition during
the three most recent fiscal years. Foreign Currency
Transactions See “Foreign Currency Exchange
Risk” in Item 11 below for a discussion of foreign currency
transactions. 58 Table of Contents B. Liquidity and Capital
Resources A summary of our statement of
cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2016 is as follows: Year ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014
U.S. $ in thousands
Net loss | $ | (77,621 | ) | $ | (1,373,511 | ) | $ | (119,470 | )
Goodwill and other long-lived assets impairment charges | 24,924 | 1,231,385 | 117,106
Depreciation and amortization | 92,877 | 108,395 | 109,429
Deferred income taxes | (10,378 | ) | (19,129 | ) | (53,887 | )
Stock-based compensation | 20,773 | 30,010 | 30,207
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with
acquisitions | (872 | ) | (23,671 | ) | (26,150 | )
Foreign currency transactions loss and other non-cash items | 3,367 | 8,629 | 10,602
Change in working capital and other items | 8,903 | 15,982 | (54,021 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) operating and other activities | 61,973 | (21,910 | ) | 13,816
Net cash used in investing activities | (63,989 | ) | (93,102 | ) | (27,439 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | 25,799 | (67,004 | ) | 44,941
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents | (1,047 | ) | (2,533 | ) | (3,265 | )
Net change in cash and cash equivalents | 22,736 | (184,549 | ) | 28,053
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 257,592 | 442,141 | 414,088
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 280,328 | $ | 257,592 | $ | 442,141 Our cash and cash equivalents
balance increased to $280.3 million at December 31, 2016 compared to $257.6
million at December 31, 2015. The increase in cash and cash equivalents in 2016
was due to cash flows provided by operating activities and financing activities
of $62.0 million and $25.8 million, respectively, partially offset cash flows
used in investing activities in an amount of $64.0 million. Our cash and cash equivalents
balance decreased to $257.6 million at December 31, 2015 compared to $442.1
million at December 31, 2014. Cash flow from operating
activities Year ended December 31,
2016 We generated $62.0 million of
cash from our operating activities during 2016. The net loss of $77.6 million
was primarily adjusted due to depreciation, amortization and non-cash impairment
charges of long-lived assets of $117.8 million and stock-based compensation of
$20.8 million, partially offset by changes in the deferred income taxes of $10.4
million. Changes in working capital and other items of $8.9 million increased
our cash flow provided by operating activities. We continue to seek operating
efficiencies also through an active working capital management. During 2016 our
effective working capital management activities resulted in improvements in our
cash collections, driven by a decrease in accounts receivable and net investment
in sales-type leases and an increase of our deferred revenues
liabilities. Year ended December 31,
2015 We used $21.9 million of cash
for our operating activities during 2015. The net loss of $1.37 billion was
primarily adjusted due to non-cash impairment charges of goodwill and other
long-lived assets of $1.23 billion and depreciation and amortization of
$108.4 million, partially offset mainly by the changes in deferred income
taxes of $19.1 million. Changes in working capital items that favorably affected
our cash flow used in operating activities were primarily attributable to
increased collection efforts that resulted in a decrease in accounts receivable of
$25.1 million and an increase of $10.1 million of our deferred revenue
liabilities. The changes in our inventories balance negatively affected our
working capital in an amount of $12.4 million. Year ended December 31,
2014 We generated $13.8 million of
cash from operating activities during 2014. The net loss of $119.5 million was
primarily adjusted due to non-cash charges for goodwill and other intangible
assets impairment of $117.1 million, depreciation and amortization of $109.4
million and stock-based compensation expense of $30.2 million, partially offset
mainly by the changes in deferred income taxes of $53.9 million and in the
 funding of changes in our working capital items of $54.0 million. 59 Table of Contents Cash flow from investing
activities Year ended December 31,
2016 We used $64.0 million of cash
in our investing activities during 2016. Cash was primarily used to purchase
property and equipment in an amount of $45.1 million as well as for certain
strategic investments in unconsolidated entities. Our principal property and
equipment purchases were for our new buildings complex under construction in
Rehovot, Israel, for which we paid approximately $18.1 million during 2016. The
new facility in Rehovot, Israel, which will contain two buildings, houses our
Israeli headquarters, research and development facilities and certain marketing
activities. We entered the first building in January 2017. Other equipment
purchases were primarily for the enhancements of our manufacturing capabilities
of our facilities and other building improvements in the United States and
Israel, as well as certain investments in our IT infrastructure. Other cash used in our
investing activities included $23.1 million of cash used for certain strategic
investments in unconsolidated entities, partially offset by $6.7 million of cash
provided by net changes in short-term bank and other restricted
deposits. We expect to incur significant
capital expenditure in 2017 for our buildings complex in Israel. Year ended December 31,
2015 We used $93.1 million of cash
in our investing activities during 2015. Cash was primarily used to purchase
property and equipment in an amount of $84.3 million as well as $9.9 million of
cash used for acquisitions. Our principal property and
equipment purchases were for our new buildings complex under construction in
Rehovot, Israel, which we paid approximately $39.1 million for during 2015.
Other property and equipment purchases were primarily for the enhancement of our
manufacturing capabilities of our facilities in the United States. Year ended December 31,
2014 We used $27.4 million of cash
in our investing activities during 2014. We used $151.1 million of cash to fund
our acquisitions. In addition, we also used non-cash consideration to fund our
acquisitions. For further details, see our supplemental disclosure of cash flow
information of our consolidated statement of cash flow and note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report.
Property, plant and equipment purchases totaled $60.5 million and the net
changes in our short-term bank deposits provided $189.8 million of cash from
investing activities. Cash flow from financing
activities Year ended December 31,
2016 Net cash provided by financing
activities was $25.8 million during 2016. Cash provided by financing activities
was mainly attributed to proceeds from bank loan of $26.0 million. Net cash used in our financing
activities was $67.0 million during 2015. Cash used in financing activities was
mainly attributed to net repayment of $50.0 million in connection of the
termination of our credit facility. In addition, $19.9 million of cash were used
to finance our payments for obligations in connection with acquisitions and was
partially offset by proceeds of $2.9 million from the exercise of stock options. Net cash provided by financing
activities was $44.9 million in 2014. Cash provided by financing activities was
mainly attributed to our borrowing of $50.0 million under our credit facility
during 2014, proceeds of $7.9 million from the exercise of stock options and
were partially offset by the cash payment of the first earn-out period
obligation in connection with MakerBot transaction in the amount of $10.8
million. Capital resources and
capital expenditures Our total current assets
amounted to $553.0 million as of December 31, 2016, of which $280.3 million
consisted of cash and cash equivalents. Total current liabilities amounted to 164.6 million as of December 31, 2016. Most of our cash and cash equivalents
are held in banks in Israel, Switzerland and the U.S. Our credit risk of our
accounts receivable is limited due to the relatively large number of customers
and their wide geographic distribution. In addition, we seek to reduce the
credit exposures of our accounts receivable by credit limits, credit insurance
for many of our customers, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring
procedures. We believe that we will have
adequate cash and cash equivalents to fund our ongoing operations and that these
sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our capital expenditure and debt requirements for the next twelve months. 60 Table of Contents Long-Term Bank Loan and Credit Line In December 2016, our company entered into a secured loan agreement with Bank Hapoalim Ltd. for a loan, referred to as the Bank Loan, in connection with our new office facility in Israel. Pursuant to the Bank Loan agreement, our company borrowed
$26 million initially and secured a credit line which we refer to as the Credit Line, for an additional $24 million. Any loans draw upon the Credit Line will
be under similar terms as the Bank Loan. The Bank Loan will mature in December 2023 and is payable in equal consecutive quarterly principal
installments of principal and accrued interest. Any early repayment of the Bank Loan is subject to, within the initial 3 year term of the Bank Loan,
a maximum 1% penalty of the amount prepaid. The repayment of the Bank Loan is secured by a first priority lien on all of our company’s rights in the
 property of our new office facility in Israel. The Bank Loan bears interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 3.35%. The Bank Loan agreement contains customary
 representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and negative covenants, which include, without limitation, restrictions on indebtedness, liens,
 investments, and certain dispositions with respect to the property secured by the lien. The Bank Loan also contains customary events of default that entitle the
 lender to cause any or all of our company's indebtedness to become immediately due and payable and to foreclose on the lien, and includes customary grace periods
 before certain events are deemed events of default. Borrowings under the Bank Loan agreement are available mainly for the financing of our new facility in Israel. As of
 December 31, 2016, we had not utilized the Credit Line. We believe that we were in compliance with all covenants under the Bank Loan and Credit Line as of December 31, 2016. 61 Table of Contents As part of our business
strategy, we plan to consider and, as appropriate, make acquisitions of other
businesses, strategic alliances, property, plant and equipment as well as new
technologies and products. Our cash reserves and other liquid assets may be
inadequate to consummate such acquisitions and it may be necessary for us to
issue shares or raise substantial additional funds in the future to complete
future transactions. Contractual
obligations For information concerning our
material commitments as of December 31, 2016, see Item 5.F below (“Tabular
Disclosure of Contractual Obligations”). Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates We have prepared our
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This
has required us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affected the
amounts we reported. Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in
Item 18 of this annual report contains the significant accounting policies and
methods that we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. The accounting policies that
reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions and which we
believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our
reported financial results include : ● | Revenue Recognition
● | Income Taxes
● | Contingencies
● | Inventories
● | Long Lived Assets
● | Goodwill We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions which we believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these
matters, actual results could differ materially from the estimates we use in
applying these policies. Revenue Recognition We derive revenue from sales of AM systems, consumables, and services. Our AM systems include software and hardware that function together to provide the essential functionality of the tangible system. We recognizes revenue when (1) persuasive evidence of a final agreement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from sales to resellers are generally recognized on sell-in basis, upon shipment and when title and risk of loss have been transferred to the resellers. When products and services are sold to a reseller, the reseller is responsible for the installation of the system and for other support services and therefore considered the primary obligor in the arrangement with the end-customers. Products and services sold directly by us or marketed by independent sales agents are recognized based on the gross amount charged to the end-customer as we are considered the primary obligor in the arrangement, retains general inventory risk, establishes the price for its products and assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its end-customers. Revenue from sales-type leases may include systems, other products and maintenance contracts. We recognizes revenue from sales-type leases based on the net present value of future minimum lease payments. Product revenue from sales-type leases is generally recognized at the time of shipment. The portion of lease agreements related to maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the coverage period. Revenue from operating leases is recognized ratably over the lease period. For multiple-element arrangements we allocate revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices and recognizes revenue when each element’s revenue recognition criteria are met. In such circumstances, we use the following hierarchy to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value, or VSOE, (ii) third-party evidence of selling price, or TPE, and (iii) best estimate of selling price, or BESP. VSOE exists only when we sell the deliverable separately and is established based on the price charged in such stand-alone transactions. BESP reflects our best estimates of the price at which we would have sold the product regularly on a stand-alone basis. Most service revenue is derived from our direct manufacturing printed parts services and sales of maintenance contracts. Our direct manufacturing service revenue is recognized upon shipment of the parts, based on the terms of the sales arrangement. We provide customers with maintenance under a warranty agreement and defers a portion of the revenue from the related printer at the time of the sale based on the relative selling price of those services. After the initial warranty period, we offer customers optional maintenance contracts ranging generally from one to three years. Deferred maintenance revenue is recognized ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the period of the service. Deferred revenues are derived mainly from these prepaid maintenance agreements. We classify the portion of deferred revenue not expected to be earned in the subsequent 12 months as long-term. We assess collectability as part of the revenue recognition process. This assessment includes a number of factors such as an evaluation of the creditworthiness of the customer, past due amounts, past payment history, and current economic conditions. If it is determined that collectability cannot be reasonably assured, we will defer recognition of revenue until collectability is assured. Income
Taxes Our effective tax rate is
impacted by the geographical mix of taxable income and loss. We record a tax
provision for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported operating
results. The provision for income tax is calculated based on our assumptions as
to our entitlement to various benefits under the applicable tax laws and tax
rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to income taxes
in Israel, the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions. We have realized and expect
to continue to realize significant tax savings based on the determination that
some of our industrial projects that have been granted “Approved Enterprise” and
“Beneficiary Enterprise” status, which provides certain benefits, including tax
exemptions for undistributed income and reduced tax rates. Income not eligible
for Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise benefits is taxed at the
regular corporate rates, which were 25% in 2016 and 26.5% in 2015 and 2014. We
are also a Foreign Investors Company, or FIC, as defined by the Investment Law.
FICs are entitled to further reductions in the tax rate normally applicable to
Approved Enterprises and Beneficiary Enterprises, depending on the level of
foreign ownership. In addition, we are an “Industrial Company” as defined by the
Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969, and, as such,
are entitled to certain tax benefits. Our entitlement to the above
benefits is subject to our fulfilling the conditions stipulated by the
Investment Law and regulations. Should we fail to meet such requirements in the
future, income attributable to our Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary
Enterprise programs could be subject to the statutory Israeli corporate tax rate
and we could be required to refund a portion of the tax benefits already
received with respect to such programs, as adjusted by the Israeli consumer
price index and interest, or other monetary penalty. 62 Table of Contents Significant judgment is
required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision
for income taxes. In evaluating the exposure associated with our various tax
filing positions, we record reserves for uncertain tax positions in accordance
with US GAAP, based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit
experience with similar situations. Although we believe our tax positions comply
with applicable tax laws and we intend to defend our positions, no assurance can
be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from
that which is reflected in our historical income tax reserves and accruals. We
adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the
closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the
final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such
differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which
such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact
of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate,
as well as the related estimated interest and penalties. Deferred taxes are determined
utilizing the “asset and liability” method based on the estimated future tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of
assets and liabilities under the applicable tax laws, and on effective tax rates
in effect when the deferred taxes are expected to be settled or realized.
Deferred taxes for each jurisdiction are presented as a net asset or liability,
net of any valuation allowances. Significant judgment required in determining
any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the
need for a valuation allowance, we considered all available evidence, including
past operating results, the most recent projections for taxable income, and
prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As a result of losses incurred by
our US subsidiaries in past few years and since the near-term realization of
these assets is uncertain, we provided a full valuation allowance for our
deferred tax assets related to our U.S. subsidiaries that are not expected to be
realized. We reassess our valuation allowance periodically and if future
evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance, a tax
benefit will be recorded accordingly. Contingencies We are subject to various legal proceedings, lawsuits, government
investigations and claims involving employment-related, patents, commercial, securities, and environmental matters that may arise
from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The outcomes of the legal proceedings that are pending as of the date the
financial statements are issued are subject to significant uncertainty. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine
both the probability of having incurred a liability and the estimated amount of the liability. We review these matters at least
quarterly and adjust these liabilities to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and
other updated information and events, pertaining to a particular case. As such accruals are based on management’s judgment
as to the probability of losses, accruals may materially differ from actual verdicts, settlements or other agreements made with
regards to such contingencies. Inventories Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined mainly using standard cost,
 which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist of materials, direct labor and overhead.
 Net realizable value is determined based on estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs
 of completion, disposal, and transportation. We assess periodically our inventories for obsolescence and excess balances, or when certain events
 or changes in circumstances occur that trigger such assessment. The net realizable value of our inventory based certain of factors including, but
 not limited to: forecasted selling prices and future demand for our products and services, historical sales patterns, technological changes,
 estimated service period, product end-of-life dates, alternative uses for the inventory, new products launches and other market conditions as
 applicable. If required, we reduce the carrying value of our inventories by an amount equal to the difference between its cost and the net realizable value.
 Once such inventory is written down, a new lower cost basis for that inventory is established. Our provisions for inventory write-downs for obsolescence and excess
 balances requires us to utilize significant judgment. Although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the net realizable value of our inventories, any significant
 unanticipated deteriorating factor could have a material impact on the carrying value of our inventories and reported operating results. Long Lived Assets Our long-lived assets, other than goodwill, comprised mainly of definite life identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.
Most of our identifiable intangible assets were recognized as part business combinations we have executed in prior periods. Our identifiable
intangible assets are primarily comprised of developed technology, trademarks and trade names, customer relationships and patents. We review the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators may include any significant changes in the manner of our use of the
assets or the strategy of our overall business, certain reorganization initiatives, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant
decline in our share price for a sustained period. In evaluating recoverability we compare the carrying amounts of the asset or assets groups with
their respective estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the asset or assets group are determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is
recorded as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or assets group exceed their fair value.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 we recorded impairment of $24.9 million, $289.0 million and $14.6 million related to
our long-lived assets. Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess
of the consideration transferred plus the fair value of any non-controlling
interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date over the fair values of the
identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested
for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or whenever events or
circumstances present an indication of impairment. We apply the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, guidance of testing goodwill for
impairment. During 2015, we determined that certain indicators of potential
impairment that required goodwill impairment analysis for all of our reporting
units existed. Accordingly, we
performed a quantitative two-step assessment for goodwill impairment for each of
our reporting units. As a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of
$942.4 million during 2015. The non-cash impairment charges were recorded in
order to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill to its estimated fair value.
Refer to Note 7 to our audited financial statements included in Item 18 of this
annual report for further information. Determining the fair value of
our reporting units requires significant judgment, including judgments about the
appropriate discount rates, terminal growth rates, weighted average costs of
capital and the amount and timing of projected future cash flows. Projected
future cash flows are based on our most recent budgets, forecasts and
strategic plans as well as certain growth rate assumptions. Potential changes in
our costs and operating structure, the expected timing of utilization of synergies strategic opportunities, negative effect of exchange rate differences and overall
weakness in the evolving 3D printing marketplace, could negatively impact our near-term cash-flow projections and could trigger a potential impairment of our goodwill.
In addition, failure to execute our
strategic plans for our reporting units could negatively impact the fair value
of our reporting units, and increase the risk of an additional goodwill
impairment in the future. We will continue to monitor the fair value our
Stratasys-Objet reporting unit to determine whether events and changes in
circumstances such as further deterioration in the business climate or operating
results, further significant decline in our share price, changes in management’s
business strategy or downward changes of our cash flows projections, warrant
further interim impairment testing. On March 3, 2016, the enforcement division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, issued a subpoena to us requesting a number of documents as part of an investigation of the valuations and other calculations we used to assess the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets included in the balance sheet in our SEC filings. We have cooperated with the SEC and produced documents in the summer of 2016. If the SEC has any further information requests, we will continue to cooperate with that agency. C. Research and
Development, Patents and Licenses, Etc. For a discussion of our
research and development policies, see “Research and Development” and
“Regulation— Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs – Law for the
Encouragement of Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above and the “Risks related
to operations in Israel” in Item 3.D above. D. Trend
Information. For trend information, see the
Risk Factors described in Item 3.D above, the “Overview” and “Operating Results”
sections of this Item 5 - “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and
Item 4 - “Information on the Company” above. 63 Table of Contents E. Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements. Except for standard operating
leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, such as the
use of unconsolidated subsidiaries, structured finance, special purpose entities
or variable interest entities. We do not believe that our
off-balance sheet arrangements and commitments have or are reasonably likely to
have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. F. Tabular Disclosure of
Contractual Obligations. The following table summarizes
our material known contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31,
2016 that we expect to require significant cash outlays in future
periods: Payments Due by Period
Less Than | 1-3 | 3-5 | More Than
Total | 1 Year | Years | Years | 5 Years
U.S. $ in thousands
Operating lease obligations | 31,343 | $ | 8,960 | $ | 12,380 | $ | 7,117 | $ | 2,886
Purchase obligations | 34,671 | 34,671 | - | - | -
Long-term debt (including estimated interest) | 30,164 | 4,806 | 9,107 | 8,454 | 7,797
$ | 96,178 | $ | 48,437 | $ | 21,487 | $ | 15,571 | $ | 10,683 The total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions was $ 18.0 million as of
December 31, 2016. Payment of these obligations would result from settlements
with taxing authorities. Due to the difficulty in determining the timing of
resolution of audits, these obligations are not included in the above table. In addition, the Company has
obligations in connection with acquisitions due to the Solid Concepts
transaction. For further information refer to Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES. A. Directors and Senior Management. The following table lists the
names and ages of our current directors, as well as the names, ages and
positions of the current members of our senior management, as of the filing date
of this annual report: Name | Age | Position
Elchanan Jaglom | 75 | Chairman of the Board of Directors
S. Scott Crump | 63 | Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Innovation Officer
Ilan Levin | 51 | Chief Executive Officer and Director
Edward J. Fierko | 75 | Director
Victor Leventhal | 72 | Director
John J. McEleney | 54 | Director
Ziva Patir | 66 | Director
David Reis | 56 | Director
Haim Shani | 59 | Director
Lilach Payorski | 43 | Chief Financial Officer Elchanan
Jaglom has served as Chairman of
the Board of Directors since February 2015. From the Stratasys-Objet merger
until February 2015, Mr. Jaglom served as the Chairman of the Executive
Committee of our company. Prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger, he served as
Chairman of Object’s board of directors from 2001 until the Stratasys-Objet
merger. Mr. Jaglom also served as the Chairman of Diamond Capital Management
Ltd., the investment manager of the Diamond Group of investment funds, until
January 2, 2014. In parallel to his involvement with these entities, Mr. Jaglom
has been involved in investment management of funds, private equity and venture
capital investment since the early 1980s, focusing primarily on early-stage
technology companies. He is currently a member of the Board of Trustees of the
Tel Aviv Museum of Art and the Ben Gurion University of the Negev. He holds a
bachelor’s degree in economics and statistics from the Hebrew University in
Jerusalem and an M.B.A. from New York University. 64 Table of Contents S. Scott
Crump has served as Chairman of
the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors since February 2015 and as our
Chief Innovation Officer since February 2013. Mr. Crump previously served as
Chairman of the Board of Directors from the Stratasys-Objet merger until
February 2015, as Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and a director
of Stratasys, Inc. from its inception in 1988 until the Stratasys-Objet merger,
and as Chief Financial Officer of Stratasys from February 1990 to May 1997. Mr.
Crump was, with Lisa H. Crump, his wife, a co-founder of Stratasys, Inc., and he
is the inventor of our FDM technology. During the period from 1982 to 1988, Mr.
Crump was a co-founder and Vice President of Sales of IDEA, Inc., which later
changed its name to SI Technologies, Inc., a leading manufacturer of force, load
and pressure transducers. Mr. Crump continued to be a director and shareholder
of that company until its sale to Vishay Intertechnologies, Inc. (NYSE: VSH) in
April 2005. Mr. Crump holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Washington
State University. Ilan Levin has served as our Chief Executive Officer since
July 1, 2016 and as a director of our company since 2000. Mr. Levin was
appointed as President and Vice Chairman of the Objet board in February 2011, in
which position he remained until the Stratasys-Objet merger. He has been
involved in venture capital and private equity investment activity since 1997,
acting as a member of the board of directors and as an advisor for a wide
variety of technology-related companies, as well as a director for Vision Sigma
Ltd. (TLV: VISN:IT). From 2003 through 2009, he served as Chief Executive
Officer of CellGuide Ltd. He holds a B.A.Sc. from the University of Toronto and
an LL.B. from Tel Aviv University. Edward J.
Fierko, who has served as a
director of our company since the Stratasys-Objet merger, also served in that
capacity for Stratasys, Inc. from February 2002 until the merger. Since May
2003, Mr. Fierko has been President of EJF Associates, a consulting firm. From
March 2003 to May 2003, Mr. Fierko was Vice President of GE Osmonics, Inc., a
manufacturer of reverse osmosis water filtration devices. From November 1999
through February 2003, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
Osmonics, and from November 1998 to September 1999 he served as Executive Vice
President of Osmonics. From September 1987 to August 1998, Mr. Fierko was
President and CEO of Ecowater International, a holding company with operating
companies in the water, waste and special process treatment industry. Prior to
that, Mr. Fierko held several management positions over a 23-year career at
General Electric Company (NYSE: GE). He holds a B.S. in Accounting from La Salle
University. Victor
Leventhal has served as a
director of our company (until May 2016, as an external director) since the
closing of the Stratasys-Objet merger on December 1, 2012. Mr. Leventhal has
served as a consultant to SolidWorks Corporation, a 3D CAD software company,
since 2006. From 2001 to 2006, he was a Group Executive for Dassault Systemes
S.A. (NASDAQ: DASTY), the parent company of SolidWorks, where he served on the
Global Management Committee. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Leventhal was the Chief
Operating Officer of SolidWorks, where he was responsible for growing the
business from its inception. From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Leventhal was the Chief
Executive Officer of CAD Solutions, LLC, a leading reseller of 2D and 3D CAD
products, which he helped grow from a $5 million company to a $32 million
company. From 1985 to 1990, he held numerous executive positions, including
serving as the Executive Vice President of Computerland, the largest computer
retailer at the time, where he was responsible for franchise development, major
account sales, marketing, training, purchasing and vendor relations. Prior to
that time, he held various administrative, operations, marketing and financial
positions at IBM for 18 years. He has also served on the boards of directors of
Solido, a 3D printing company, Graphisoft, an architectural software company,
and 3D Express, a startup company in the rapid prototyping industry. Mr.
Leventhal received a B.B.A. from the University of Texas. John J.
McEleney, who has served as a
director of our company since the Stratasys-Objet merger, served as a director
of Stratasys, Inc. from 2007 until the Stratasys-Objet merger. He is the Chief
Executive Officer of Onshape Inc. a venture backed start-up company focused on
applying modern computing to the 3D product design market. Prior to Onshape he
was the Chief Executive of Cloud Switch, which was acquired by Verizon. He
served as a director of SolidWorks Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Dassault Systemes S.A. (NASDAQ: DASTY), from June 2000 to May 2008, and also
served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2001 until June 2007. Mr. McEleney
joined SolidWorks in 1996, serving in several capacities, including Chief
Operating Officer and Vice President, Americas Sales. Prior to joining
SolidWorks, Mr. McEleney held several key management positions at CAD software
pioneer Computervision and at defense contractor Raytheon. Mr. McEleney also
serves as a director of Newforma, a privately held software company. He holds a
B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Rochester, an M.S. in
Manufacturing Engineering from Boston University and an M.B.A. from Northeastern
University. Ziva Patir has served as our director since June 2013, when
she was elected as an unclassified director pursuant to an amendment to our
amended articles that was adopted in June 2013. Since February 2014, Ms. Patir
serves on the board of directors of ELTA Systems Ltd., an Israeli provider of
defense products and services. She also serves as a member of the board of Lahav
at Tel-Aviv University, the leading provider of executive education in Israel, a
position that she has held since 2003, and as member of the board of Kardan
Vehicle Ltd., the Israeli licensee of Avis. Ms. Patir served as the Vice
President of Standards, Policy and Sustainability for Better Place, an
infrastructure electrical vehicles company providing technology design and
service for switchable battery cars, a position that she held from 2008 until
May 2013. From 2008 to 2010, she served as Chair of the Board of the Road Safety
Authority (RSA) in Israel. From 1996 to 2008, Ms. Patir held the position of
Director General of the Standard Institution of Israel (SII). From 1985 to 1996,
Ms. Patir served as the Director of the Quality and Certification Division of
SII and held various managerial positions in the Industry and Standardization
Divisions from 1976 to 1985. From 2004 to 2008, Ms. Patir served as Vice
President of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), as well
as chair of the Technical Management Board, leading overall management of ISO
technical work. ISO is the world’s largest developer and publisher of
international standards. From 1998 to 2000, Ms. Patir was a member of the
International Electrotechnical Commission Council Board. Ms. Patir is a
Certified Quality Engineer and holds a B.Sc. in Chemistry from Tel-Aviv
University and a M.Sc. in Chemistry/Polymer Science from the Weizmann Institute
of Science. 65 Table of Contents David Reis has served as our director since June 2013. He
also served as a director of Objet from 2003 until the closing of the
Stratasys-Objet merger. Mr. Reis served as our (and, prior to the
Stratasys-Objet merger, as Objet’s) Chief Executive Officer from March 2009
until June 30, 2016. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer and
President of NUR Macroprinters Ltd. (NURMF.PK), a wide format printer
manufacturer that was acquired by HP, from February 2006 to March 2008. Prior to
joining NUR, Mr. Reis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of
ImageID, an automatic identification and data capture solution provider, and of
Scitex Vision (NASDAQ & TASE: SCIX), a developer and manufacturer of
wide-format printers. Mr. Reis holds a B.A. in Economics and Management from the
Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from the University of
Denver. Haim Shani has served as a director of our company since May
2016. Mr. Shani serves as Co-Founder and General Partner of Israel Growth
Partners, a technology-focused growth equity fund in Israel. In 2012, Mr. Shani
retired from the Israeli Ministry of Finance, where he served as
Director-General (from 2009 to 2011) and the Head of the Competitiveness
Committee. Prior to that, he served as CEO of NICE Systems (NASDAQ:NICE), where
he led the company’s significant growth in revenues and market capitalization.
Mr. Shani came to NICE from Applied Materials (Israel) Ltd., where he served as
VP of its Israeli business for a period of three years. From 1992 to 1998, Mr.
Shani held various management positions at Orbotech Ltd., including Corporate
Vice President of Marketing and Business Development, President of Orbotech’s
Asia Pacific subsidiary and President of Orbotech Europe. Prior to that, Mr.
Shani held various management positions at Scitex Corporation and IBM Israel.
Mr. Shani currently serves as Chairman of the UK Israel Tech Hub, a board member
at Strauss Water, R2Net, GreenRoad, and ColorChip and a member of the Advisory
Committee, Supervisor of Banks, Bank of Israel. Mr. Shani holds a Bachelor’s
degree in Industrial and Management Engineering from the Technion - Israel
Institute of Technology, and an MBA from INSEAD, France. Lilach
Payorski has served as our Chief
Financial Officer since January 1, 2017. She joined Stratasys Ltd. in January
2013 and thereafter served as our Vice President, Corporate Finance, until
August 2015, and as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance, from August
2015 through December 31, 2016. Prior to joining our company, from December 2009
to December 2012, Ms. Payorski served as Head of Finance at PMC-Sierra, a
company operating in the Semiconductors industry, which was subsequently
acquired by Microsemi Corporation.
Prior to that time, she served as Compliance Controller at Check Point Software
Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP), an IT security
company, from 2005 to 2009, and in a finance leadership role at Wind River Systems (NASDAQ: WIND), a software company, which was subsequently acquired by Intel Corporation, from 2003 to 2005 . Earlier in her career, she served as a CPA with
Ernst & Young LLP both in Israel and later in Palo Alto, CA. Ms. Payorski earned a Bachelor of Arts in
Accounting and Economics from the Tel Aviv University. Arrangements for Election
of Directors and Members of Management; Family Relationships Since the expiration of the
initial two year term following the Stratasys-Objet merger on December 1, 2014
and the election of our board of directors at an extraordinary general meeting
of shareholders that was held on February 3, 2015, there are no longer any
classifications or arrangements related to the election of our board of
directors. Under the amendments to our articles of association that were adopted
at that February 2015 shareholders meeting, our board members are elected at
each annual general meeting of shareholders for a one year term (other than our
external directors, who are elected every three years for a three year term, in
accordance with the Companies Law). For additional information, please see
“Election of Directors” in Item 10.B (“Memorandum and Articles of Association”)
below. There are also no family relationships among any directors or members of
our senior management. 66 Table of Contents B. Compensation. The following table presents
all compensation that we paid, or accrued, during the year ended December 31,
2016 to all persons who served as a director or as a member of senior management
of our company at any time during the year. The table does not include any
amounts that we paid to reimburse any of these persons for costs incurred in
providing us with services during that period. Salaries, Fees, Bonuses | Pension,
Commissions, and | Retirement
Related Benefits Paid | and Other Similar
or Accrued (1) | Benefits Accrued
All directors and members of senior management as a group, (2) | $ | 4,597,214 (3 | ) | $ 243,038 ____________________ (1) | Does not include the value attributable to stock option grants. For a discussion of stock option grants to our directors and members of senior management, see below.
(2) | Comprised of the current directors and senior management members listed in the table under “Directors and Senior Management” in Item 6.A above, except for Lilach Payorski (our current Chief Financial Officer), who did not serve in that role during 2016, and includes, in addition, certain other individuals who served as directors or members of senior management of our company for part of or all 2016 but whose service or employment subsequently terminated.
(3) | This compensation amount for the year ended December 31, 2016 excludes an aggregate of $0.5 million of bonuses that were paid in 2016 in respect of services that had been performed during the previous year. Pursuant to the Companies Law,
the fees payable to our directors and our chief executive officer require
approval by (i) the compensation committee of our board, (ii) the board of
directors and (iii) our shareholders (in that order). Please see “Compensation
Policy and Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further
information regarding the requirements under the Companies Law in connection
with the compensation of directors. Director Compensation The following table sets forth
the directors’ fees, salary or other compensation (excluding value attributable
to stock option grants and excluding reimbursement for reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with services) that are payable to each of our current
directors: Per Meeting Fee
Annual | (In Person/
Name of Director | Fee/Salary (1) | Telephonic/ Written Consent)
Elchanan Jaglom | $ | 420,000 | (2)
S. Scott Crump | $ | 286,889 | (3)
Ilan Levin | $ | 318,407 | (4)
Edward J. Fierko | $ | 50,000 | $1,500/ $375/$325
Victor Leventhal | $ | 50,000 | $1,500/ $375/$325
John J. McEleney | $ | 50,000 | $1,500/ $375/$325
Ziva Patir | $ | 50,000 | (5) | $1,500/ $375/$325
David Reis (6) | $ | (7) | $1,500/ $375/$325
Haim Shani | $ | 50,000 | $1,500/ $375/$325 67 Table of Contents ____________________ (1) | The amounts reflected in the “Annual Fee/Salary” column do not include per-meeting fees payable to those directors for whom the above table lists per meeting fees in the right-hand column of the table. The above table does not include an annual fee of US$2,500 for service on each committee of our board of directors on which any of the above directors serves (as described under Item 6.C below).
(2) | Constitutes salary payable in respect of the consulting and director services provided by an entity affiliated with Mr. Jaglom. Does not include Israeli value added tax, or VAT, that is due on the salary payable to Mr. Jaglom.
(3) | Constitutes the aggregate salary payable to Mr. Crump for all of the services that he provides to our company, including in respect of his roles as Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Innovation Officer of our company. Our shareholders have also approved a bonus target of $178,740 for Mr. Crump. Mr. Crump declined his full bonus for the 2015 year and did not receive a bonus in respect of the 2016 year.
(4) | These amounts exclude other benefits that are provided for by Israeli law or that are customary for senior executives in Israel, including the right to use (and all related fixed and variable costs in respect of) a leased car that we provide to Mr. Levin.
(5) | Does not include VAT that is due on the fees payable to Ms. Patir.
(6) | Mr. Reis served as our President and Chief Executive Officer through June 30, 2016, after which time he serves only as an executive director of our company.
(7) | After he ceased to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer commencing July 1, 2016, Mr. Reis received notice period payments under his employment agreement until the end of 2016. Mr. Reis’ compensation as an executive director of our company for 2017 has not been determined yet. If and when such compensation is approved by our compensation committee and board of directors, it will be subject to the approval of our shareholders in accordance with the requirements of Israeli law. Director/Officer Equity
Compensation During the year ended December
31, 2016, we granted stock options to purchase an aggregate of 107,909 of
our ordinary shares to members of our senior management and 50,000 options
to our directors. At our 2016 annual general
meeting of shareholders, our shareholders approved the following equity package for each of our independent and non-executive
directors, subject to the following terms: Initial grant : Initial grant of options to purchase 10,000 ordinary shares of
our company. Exercise Price : Equal to the fair market value of the average of the closing prices of an ordinary share of
our company on the trading days during the 30-day period following the date of the approval of a grant by our shareholders. Vesting
Schedule : The options shall vest
equally on a monthly basis until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the
grant date and subject to continuous service of the applicable independent
director, or (ii) at the end of the term of the applicable independent director
at the next annual general meeting of the shareholders of our company after the
grant at which such director’s directorship may be extended or terminated (which
we refer to as the Full Vesting Date), provided that all such options shall be
fully vested at the Full Vesting Date. Automatic Additional
Grants : Automatic additional
grants shall be approved at the commencement of the term of each independent
director, such that an additional 10,000 options shall be granted to each such
continuing director on the first and second anniversaries of the commencement of
such director’s term, contingent on the continued service of such director. Such
additional grants shall have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of
the average of the closing prices of an ordinary share of our company on the
trading days during the 30-day period following the first and second
anniversaries, respectively, of the commencement of such director’s term, and
shall vest in the same manner as specified under “Vesting Schedule”
above. 68 Table of Contents For a description of the terms
of our stock option and share incentive plans, see “Share Ownership - Stock
Option and Share Incentive Plans” in Item 6.E below. Office Holder
Compensation The table below outlines the
compensation actually paid to our five most highly compensated senior office
holders during or with respect to the year ended December 31, 2016, in the
disclosure format of Regulation 21 of the Israeli Securities Regulations
(Periodic and Immediate Reports), 1970. We refer to the five individuals for
whom disclosure is provided herein as our “Covered Executives.” For purposes of
the table and the summary below, and in accordance with the above mentioned
securities regulations, “compensation” includes base salary, bonuses,
equity-based compensation, retirement or termination payments, benefits and
perquisites such as car, phone and social benefits and any undertaking to
provide such compensation. Summary Compensation Table Information Regarding the
Covered Executive (1) Total
Compensation,
Excluding
Name and Principal | Base | Variable | Benefit and | Equity-Based | Equity-Based | Total
Position (2) | Salary | Compensation (3) | Perquisites (4) | Other | Compensation | Compensation (5) | Compensation
Erez Simha,
Former CFO
and COO | $ | 450,000 | $ | 227,268 | $ | 34,942 | $ | 633,476 | $ | 1,345,686 | $ | 788,050 | $ | 2,133,736
Scott Crump, Chief
Innovation Officer | $ | 262,854 | $ | $ | 24,035 | $ | — | $ | 286,889 | $ | 1,102,345 | $ | 1,389,234
Dan Yalon,
Chief Product
Officer and EVP
Corporate Development | $ | 265,188 | $ | 83,377 | $ | 74,708 | $ | — | $ | 423,273 | $ | 870,150 | $ | 1,293,423
Jon Stevenson,
SVP R&D | $ | 215,000 | $ | 36,300 | $ | 24,115 | $ | 515,079 | $ | 790,494 | $ | 443,456 | $ | 1,233,950
Joe Allison,
CEO of SDM | $ | 280,000 | $ | 47,678 | $ | 60,412 | $ | 644,416 | $ | 1,032,505 | $ | 32,347 | $ | 1,064,852 ____________________ (1) | All amounts reported in the table are in terms of cost to the Company, as recorded in our financial statements.
(2) | All current executive officers listed in the table are full-time employees or consultants of our company. Cash compensation amounts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar were converted into U.S. dollars at the average conversion rate for 2016.
(3) | Amounts reported in this column refer to commission, incentive and bonus payments, which are payable with respect to 2016.
(4) | Amounts reported in this column include benefits and perquisites, including those mandated by applicable law. Such benefits and perquisites may include, to the extent applicable to the Covered Executive, payments, contributions and/or allocations for savings funds, pension, severance, vacation, car or car allowance, medical insurances and benefits, risk insurances (e.g., life, disability, accident), convalescence pay, payments for social security, tax gross-up payments and other benefits and perquisites consistent with our guidelines.
(5) | Amounts reported in this column represent the expense recorded in our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 with respect to equity-based compensation. Equity-based compensation is determined based on the awards' fair value on their grant date. Assumptions and key variables used in the calculation of such amounts are described in note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 18 of this annual report. 69 Table of Contents Members of our senior
 management are eligible for bonuses each year. The bonuses are payable
 upon meeting objectives and targets that are set annually by our Chief
 Executive Officer and approved by our compensation committee and our board
 of directors, in that order. These same corporate bodies also set the
 bonus targets for our Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with a
 December 2012 amendment to the Companies Law, we have adopted a
 compensation policy that governs the compensation of our directors and
 senior management and which has been approved by (i) the compensation
 committee of our board, (ii) the board of directors and (iii) our
 shareholders (in that order). Please see “Compensation Policy and
 Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further
 information. C. Board Practices. Board
of Directors Under the Companies Law, the
management of our business is vested in our board of directors. Our board of
directors may exercise all powers and may take all actions that are not
specifically granted to our shareholders or to management. Our executive
officers are responsible for our day-to-day management and have individual
responsibilities established by our board of directors. Our Chief Executive
Officer is appointed by, and serves at the discretion of, our board of
directors, subject to the employment agreement that we have entered into with
him. All other executive officers are also appointed by our board of directors,
subject to the terms of any applicable employment agreements that we may enter
into with them. Under our amended articles,
our board of directors must consist of at least seven and not more than 11
directors, including, to the extent applicable, at least two external directors
required to be elected under the Companies Law. In May 2016, we elected to be
governed by a newly-adopted exemption under the Companies Law regulations that
exempts us from appointing external directors and from complying with the
Companies Law requirements related to the composition of the audit committee and
compensation committee of our board of directors. Our eligibility for that
exemption is conditioned upon: (i) the continued listing of our ordinary shares
on the NASDAQ Stock Market (or one of a few select other non-Israeli stock
exchanges); (ii) there not being a controlling shareholder (generally understood
to be a 25% or greater shareholder) of our company under the Companies Law; and
(iii) our compliance with the NASDAQ Listing Rules requirements as to the
composition of (a) our board of directors—which requires that we maintain a
majority of independent directors (as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules) on
our board of directors and (b) the audit and compensation committees of our
board of directors (which require that such committees consist solely of
independent directors (at least three and two members, respectively), as
described under the NASDAQ Listing Rules). At the time that it determined to
exempt our company from the external director requirement, our board
affirmatively determined that we meet the conditions for exemption from the
external director requirement, including that a majority of the members of our
board, along with each of the members of the audit and compensation committees
of the board, are independent under the NASDAQ Listing Rules. As a result of our election to
be exempt from the external director requirement under the Companies Law, each
of our directors is elected annually, at our annual general meeting of
shareholders. The vote required for the election of each director is a majority
of the voting power represented at the meeting and voting on the election
proposal. Following certain changes to our board of directors based on the
election at our 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders that took place in
May 2016, the current members of our board consist of the Chairman— Elchanan
Jaglom, the Chairman of the Executive Committee—S. Scott Crump, Ilan Levin (our
Chief Executive Officer), Edward J. Fierko, Victor Leventhal, John J. McEleney,
Ziva Patir, David Reis and Haim Shani. For more information, please see
“Election of Directors” in Item 10.B (“Memorandum and Articles of Association”)
below. Our board of directors may
appoint directors to fill vacancies on the board, for a term of office equal to
the remaining period of the term of office of the director(s) whose office(s)
have been vacated. In accordance with the
exemption available to foreign private issuers under the NASDAQ Listing Rules,
we do not follow the requirements of the NASDAQ rules with regard to the process
of nominating directors. Instead, we follow Israeli law and practice, in
accordance with which our board of directors (based on the recommendation of the
executive committee thereof) is authorized to recommend to our shareholders
director nominees for election. Under the Companies Law and our amended
articles, nominations for directors may also be made by any shareholder holding
at least one percent (1%) of our outstanding voting power. However, any such
shareholder may make such a nomination only if a written notice of such
shareholder’s intent to make such nomination (together with certain
documentation required under the Companies Law) has been delivered to our
registered Israeli office within seven days after we publish notice of our
upcoming annual general meeting (or within 14 days after we publish a
preliminary notification of an upcoming annual general meeting). In addition to its role in
making director nominations, under the Companies Law, our board of directors
must determine the minimum number of directors who are required to have
accounting and financial expertise. Under applicable regulations, a director
with accounting and financial expertise is a director who, by reason of his or
her education, professional experience and skill, has a high level of
proficiency in and understanding of business accounting matters and financial
statements. See “—External Directors” in this Item 6.C below. He or she must be
able to thoroughly comprehend the financial statements of the company and
initiate debate regarding the manner in which financial information is
presented. In determining the number of directors required to have such
expertise, our board of directors must consider, among other things, the type
and size of our company and the scope and complexity of its operations. Our
board of directors has determined that our company requires one director with
such expertise. 70 Table of Contents External
Directors Under the Companies Law, the boards of directors of companies
whose shares are publicly traded, including companies with shares traded in the
United States, are generally required to include at least two members who
qualify as external directors. Victor Leventhal and Haim Shani had served as our
external directors for the brief period following their election as external
directors at our May 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders until our board
elected to be governed by the exemption from maintaining external directors on
our board under the Companies Law (as described above). Our election to exempt our
company from compliance with the external director requirement can be reversed
at any time by our board of directors, in which case we would need to hold a
shareholder meeting to once again appoint external directors, whose election
would be for a three-year term. The election of each external director would
require a majority vote of the shares present and voting at a shareholders
meeting, provided that either: ● | the majority voted in favor of election includes a majority of the shares held by non-controlling shareholders who do not have a personal interest in the election of the external director (other than a personal interest not deriving from a relationship with a controlling shareholder) that are voted at the meeting, excluding abstentions, which we refer to as a disinterested majority; or
● | the total number of shares held by non-controlling, disinterested shareholders (as described in the previous bullet-point) voted against the election of the director does not exceed two percent (2%) of the aggregate voting rights in the company. The term “controlling
shareholder” is defined in the Companies Law as a shareholder with the ability
to direct the activities of the company, other than by virtue of being an office
holder. A shareholder is presumed to be a controlling shareholder if the
shareholder holds 50% or more of the voting rights in a company or has the right
to appoint the majority of the directors of the company or its general
manager. For further information
concerning the Companies Law provisions related to external directors, please
see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees—C. Board Practices—Board
of Directors—External Directors” in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year
ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the SEC on March 21,
2016. Board
Committees Audit
Committee Under the Companies Law, the
board of directors of a public company must appoint an audit committee. The
audit committee must consist of at least three directors. To the extent a
company is required to appoint external directors, this committee must include
all of the external directors, one of whom must serve as chairman of the
committee. There are additional requirements as to the composition of the audit
committee under the Companies Law. However, when we elected to exempt our
company from the external director requirement, we concurrently elected to
exempt our company from all of such requirements (which exemption is conditioned
on our fulfillment of all NASDAQ listing requirements related to the composition
of the audit committee). The members of our audit
committee consist of Victor Leventhal, Haim Shani and Edward J. Fierko. Mr.
Fierko serves as chairman of the committee. Our board of directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Leventhal, Shani and Fierko meets the
independence requirements set forth in the Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock
Market and in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Our board of directors has
determined that Mr. Fierko qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as
defined under Item 16A of the SEC’s Form 20-F, and has the requisite financial
sophistication set forth in the NASDAQ rules and regulations. Our board of directors has
adopted an audit committee charter that sets forth the responsibilities of the
audit committee consistent with the rules of the SEC and the Listing Rules of
the NASDAQ Stock Market, as well as the requirements for such committee under
the Companies Law, including the following: ● | oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm and recommending the engagement, compensation or termination of engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors in accordance with Israeli law;
● | recommending the engagement or termination of the person filling the office of our internal auditor; and
● | recommending the terms of audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for pre-approval by our board of directors. Our audit committee provides
assistance to our board of directors in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary
obligations in matters involving our accounting, auditing, financial reporting,
internal control and legal compliance functions by pre-approving the services
performed by our independent accountants and reviewing their reports regarding
our accounting practices and systems of internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit committee also oversees the audit efforts of our
independent accountants and takes those actions that it deems necessary to
satisfy itself that the accountants are independent of management. 71 Table of Contents Under the Companies Law, our
audit committee is responsible for (i) determining whether there are
deficiencies in the business management practices of our company, including in
consultation with our internal auditor or the independent auditor, and making
recommendations to the board of directors to improve such practices, (ii)
determining whether to approve certain related party transactions (including
transactions in which an office holder has a personal interest and whether such
transaction is extraordinary) (see “—Approval of related party
transactions under Israeli Law” below in this Item 6.C), (iii) determining
standards and policies for determining whether a transaction with a controlling
shareholder or a transaction in which a controlling shareholder has a personal
interest is deemed insignificant or not and the approval requirements
(including, potentially, the approval of the audit committee) for transactions
that are not insignificant including the types of transactions that are not
insignificant, (iv) where the board of directors approves the working plan of
the internal auditor, to examine such working plan before its submission to the
board and propose amendments thereto, (v) examining our internal controls and
internal auditor’s performance, including whether the internal auditor has
sufficient resources and tools to dispose of its responsibilities, (vi)
examining the scope of our auditor’s work and compensation and submitting a
recommendation with respect thereto to our board of directors or shareholders,
depending on which of them is considering the appointment of our auditor and
(vii) establishing procedures for the handling of employees’ complaints as to
the management of our business and the protection to be provided to such
employees. Our audit committee may not approve an action or a related party
transaction, or take any other action required under the Companies Law, unless
at the time of approval a majority of the committee’s members are present, which
majority consists of unaffiliated directors including at least one external
director. Executive
Committee Upon the closing of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, our board of directors appointed an executive committee.
The roles of this committee are (i) to oversee the implementation of the
business strategy of our company, subject to board approval for matters outside
of the ordinary course of business (as is required under the Companies Law), and
(ii) to exercise such other duties as the board may resolve from time to time.
The members of the executive committee consist of Messrs. S. Scott Crump, who
serves as chairman of the executive committee, Elchanan Jaglom, John McEleney
and Ilan Levin. Compensation Policy and
Committee Under a December 2012
amendment to the Companies Law, we have appointed a compensation committee and
established a policy regarding the terms of engagement of office holders, or a
compensation policy. Such compensation policy was set by our board, after
considering the recommendations of our newly-appointed compensation committee,
and was approved by our shareholders in September 2013. In February 2015,
following approval by our compensation committee and board, our shareholders
approved an amended and restated version of our compensation policy at an
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders. The compensation policy serves
as the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or
engagement of our office holders, including exculpation, insurance,
indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of
employment or engagement. The compensation policy also relates to certain
factors, including advancement of our objectives, our business and our long-term
strategy, and creation of appropriate incentives for executives. It also
considers, among other things, our risk management, size and the nature of our
operations. The compensation policy furthermore considers the following
additional factors: ● | the knowledge, skills, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant director or executive;
● | the director’s or executive’s roles and responsibilities and prior compensation agreements with him or her;
● | the relationship between the terms offered and the average compensation of the other employees of our company, including those (if any) employed through manpower companies; ● | the impact of disparities in salary upon work relationships in our company;
● | the possibility of reducing variable compensation at the discretion of the board of directors; and the possibility of setting a limit on the exercise value of non-cash variable compensation; and
● | as to severance compensation, the period of service of the director or executive, the terms of his or her compensation during such service period, our company’s performance during that period of service, the person’s contribution towards our company’s achievement of its goals and the maximization of its profits, and the circumstances under which the person is leaving our company. The compensation policy also
includes the following principles: ● | the link between variable compensation and long-term performance and measurable criteria;
● | the relationship between variable and fixed compensation, and the ceiling for the value of variable compensation;
● | the conditions under which a director or executive would be required to repay compensation paid to him or her if it was later shown that the data upon which such compensation was based was inaccurate and was required to be restated in our financial statements; and
● | the minimum holding or vesting period for variable, equity-based compensation. The compensation policy must
also consider appropriate incentives from a long-term perspective and maximum
limits for severance compensation. 72 Table of Contents Under the December 2012 amendment to the Companies Law, our
compensation committee is responsible for recommending the compensation policy
to our board of directors for its approval (and subsequent approval by our
shareholders) and is charged with duties related to the compensation policy and
to the compensation of our office holders as well as functions related to
approval of the terms of engagement of office holders, including: ● | recommending whether our compensation policy should continue in effect, if the then-current policy has a term of greater than three (3) years (approval of the continuation of an existing compensation policy for a company such as ours must in any case occur every three years);
● | recommending to our board periodic updates to the compensation policy;
● | assessing implementation of the compensation policy; and
● | determining whether the compensation terms of the chief executive officer of our company need not be brought to approval of the shareholders (under special circumstances). As to the composition of the
compensation committee, under the Companies Law, if a company is required to
appoint external directors, the committee must consist of at least three (3)
members, including all of the external directors, one of whom must serve as
chairman of the committee. There are additional requirements as to the
composition of the audit committee under the Companies Law. However, when we
elected to exempt our company from the external director requirement, we
concurrently elected to exempt our company from all of such requirements
(including the three-member minimum). Our exemption under the Companies Law is
conditioned on our fulfillment of all NASDAQ listing requirements related to the
composition of the compensation committee. The compensation committee is
subject to the same Companies Law restrictions as the audit committee as to who
may not be present during committee deliberations (as described under “—Approval
of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors
and Executive Officers—Disclosure of Personal Interests of an Office Holder”
below). The NASDAQ Listing Rules also
require that the compensation of the chief executive officer and all other
executive officers of our company be determined, or be recommended to the board
for determination, either by a majority of the independent directors, or by a
compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors (subject to a
minimum of two committee members). We appointed our compensation
committee in mid-2013. The committee currently consists of Victor Leventhal,
Ziva Patir and Haim Shani. Victor Leventhal serves as chairman of the committee.
Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Leventhal and Shani,
and Ms. Patir, meets the independence requirements set forth in the Listing
Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange
Act. Nominating
committee Our board of directors does
not currently have a nominating committee, as director nominations are made in
accordance with the terms of our articles, as described in “—Board of Directors”
above. We rely upon the exemption available to foreign private issuers under the
Listing Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market from the NASDAQ listing requirements
related to independent director oversight of nominations to our board of
directors and the adoption of a formal written charter or board resolution
addressing the nominations process. Also see Item 16.G “Corporate Governance”
below. Internal
Auditor Under the Companies Law, the
board of directors of an Israeli public company must appoint an internal auditor
recommended by the audit committee and nominated by the board of directors. An
internal auditor may not be: ● | a person (or a relative of a person) who holds more than 5% of the company’s outstanding shares or voting rights;
● | a person (or a relative of a person) who has the power to appoint a director or the general manager of the company;
● | an office holder (including a director) of the company (or a relative thereof); or
● | a member of the company’s independent accounting firm, or anyone on his or her behalf. The role of the internal
auditor is to examine, among other things, our compliance with applicable law
and orderly business procedures. Moshe Cohen of Chaikin Cohen Rubin & Co.
has served as our internal auditor since his appointment effective upon the
Stratasys-Objet merger. Approval of Related Party
Transactions Under Israeli Law Fiduciary Duties of
Directors and Executive Officers The Companies Law codifies the
fiduciary duties that office holders owe to a company. Each person listed in the
table under Item 6.A “Directors and Senior Management” is an office holder under
the Companies Law. 73 Table of Contents An office holder’s fiduciary
duties consist of a duty of care and a duty of loyalty. The duty of care
requires an office holder to act with the level of care with which a reasonable
office holder in the same position would have acted under the same
circumstances. The duty of loyalty requires that an office holder act in
good faith and in the best interests of the company. The duty of care includes a
duty to use reasonable means to obtain: ● | information on the advisability of a given action brought for his or her approval or performed by virtue of his or her position; and
● | all other important information pertaining to these actions. The duty of loyalty requires
an office holder to act in good faith and for the benefit of the company, and
includes a duty to: ● | refrain from any conflict of interest between the performance of his or her duties to the company and his or her other duties or personal affairs;
● | refrain from any activity that is competitive with the company;
● | refrain from exploiting any business opportunity of the company to receive a personal gain for himself or herself or others; and
● | disclose to the company any information or documents relating to the company’s affairs which the office holder received as a result of his or her position as an office holder. Disclosure of Personal
Interests of an Office Holder The Companies Law requires
that an office holder promptly disclose to the board of directors any personal
interest that he or she may have and all related material information known to
him or her and any documents concerning any existing or proposed transaction
with the company. An interested office holder’s disclosure must be made promptly
and in any event no later than the first meeting of the board of directors at
which the transaction is considered. A “personal interest” includes an interest
of any person in an act or transaction of a company, including a personal
interest of one’s relative or of a corporate body in which such person or a
relative of such person is a 5% or greater shareholder, director or general
manager or in which he or she has the right to appoint at least one director or
the general manager, but excluding a personal interest stemming from one’s
ownership of shares in the company. A personal interest furthermore includes the
personal interest of a person for whom the office holder holds a voting proxy or
the interest of the office holder with respect to his or her vote on behalf of
the shareholder for whom he or she holds a proxy even if such shareholder itself
has no personal interest in the approval of the matter. An office holder is not,
however, obliged to disclose a personal interest if it derives solely from the
personal interest of his or her relative in a transaction that is not considered
an extraordinary transaction. Under the Companies Law, an “extraordinary
transaction” is defined as any of the following: ● | a transaction other than in the ordinary course of business;
● | a transaction that is not on market terms; or
● | a transaction that may have a material impact on a company’s profitability, assets or liabilities. If it is determined that an
office holder has a personal interest in a transaction, approval by the board of
directors is required for the transaction, unless the company’s articles of
association provide for a different method of approval. Further, so long as an
office holder has disclosed his or her personal interest in a transaction, the
board of directors may approve an action by the office holder that would
otherwise be deemed a breach of duty of loyalty. However, a company may not
approve a transaction or action that is adverse to the company’s interest or
that is not performed by the office holder in good faith. Approval first by the
company’s audit committee and subsequently by the board of directors is required
for an extraordinary transaction with an office holder. Compensation of, or an
undertaking to indemnify or insure, an office holder, requires approval by the
compensation committee, the board of directors and, in certain cases (for
directors, the chief executive officer, and any executive officer whose
compensation terms do not conform to the then-existing compensation policy) the
shareholders, in that order. Compensation of an individual office holder,
including the chief executive officer (but excluding a director), that does not
conform to the company’s compensation policy may be adopted under special
circumstances despite failure to obtain shareholder approval if, following the
relevant shareholder vote, the compensation committee followed by the board once
again approves the compensation, based on renewed and specific analysis of
relevant factors. Generally, a person who has a
personal interest in a matter which is considered at a meeting of the board of
directors, the audit committee or compensation committee may not be present at
such a meeting or vote on that matter unless a majority of the board, audit
committee or compensation committee (as appropriate) has a personal interest in
the matter, or unless the chairman of the board, audit committee or compensation
committee (as appropriate) determines that he or she should be present in order
to present the transaction that is subject to approval. If a majority of the
members of the board, audit committee or compensation committee has a personal
interest in the approval of a transaction, then all directors may participate in
discussions of the board of directors, audit committee or compensation committee
on such transaction and the voting on approval thereof, but shareholder approval
is also required for such transaction. 74 Table of Contents Disclosure of Personal
Interests of Controlling Shareholders Pursuant to Israeli law, the
disclosure requirements regarding personal interests that apply to directors and
executive officers also apply to a controlling shareholder of a public company.
In the context of a transaction involving a shareholder of the company, a
controlling shareholder also includes any shareholder who holds 25% or
more of the voting rights if no other shareholder holds more than 50% of the
voting rights. Two or more shareholders with a personal interest in the approval
of the same transaction are deemed to be a single shareholder and may be deemed
a controlling shareholder for the purpose of approving such transaction.
Extraordinary transactions with a controlling shareholder or in which a
controlling shareholder has a personal interest, or a transaction with a
controlling shareholder or his or her relative, directly or indirectly, require
the approval of the audit committee, the board of directors and the shareholders
of the company, in that order. In addition, the shareholder approval must
fulfill one of the following requirements: ● | a disinterested majority; or
● | the votes of shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction and who are present and voting, in person, by proxy or by voting deed at the meeting, and who vote against the transaction may not represent more than two percent (2%) of the voting rights of the company. To the extent that any such
transaction with a controlling shareholder is for a period extending beyond
three years, approval is required once every three years, unless the audit
committee determines that the duration of the transaction is reasonable given
the circumstances related thereto. The engagement of a
controlling shareholder as an office holder or employee requires the same
approvals as are described immediately above, except that the approval of the
compensation committee, rather than the audit committee, is required. Shareholder
Duties Pursuant to the Companies Law,
a shareholder has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner toward
the company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing his or her power
in the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting
of shareholders and at class shareholder meetings with respect to the following
matters: ● | an amendment to the company’s articles of association;
● | an increase of the company’s authorized share capital;
● | a merger; or
● | the approval of interested party transactions and acts of office holders that require shareholder approval. In addition, a shareholder
also has a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other
shareholders. In addition, certain
shareholders have a duty of fairness toward the company. These shareholders
include any controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows that it has the
power to determine the outcome of a shareholder vote or a shareholder class vote
and any shareholder who has the power to appoint or to prevent the appointment
of an office holder of the company or other power towards the company. The
Companies Law does not define the substance of this duty of fairness, except to
state that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also
apply in the event of a breach of the duty to act with fairness. Exculpation, Insurance and
Indemnification of Directors and Officers Under the Companies Law, a
company may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of the
duty of loyalty. An Israeli company may exculpate an office holder in advance
from liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the
company as a result of a breach of duty of care but only if a provision
authorizing such exculpation is inserted in its articles of association. Our
amended articles include such a provision. The company may not exculpate in
advance a director from liability arising out of a prohibited dividend or
distribution to shareholders. Under the Companies Law, a
company may indemnify an office holder in respect of the following liabilities
and expenses incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder,
either in advance of an event or following an event, provided its articles of
association include a provision authorizing such indemnification: ● | financial liability incurred by or imposed on him or her in favor of another person pursuant to a judgment, including a settlement or arbitrator’s award approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance, then such an undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of the board of directors, can be foreseen based on the company’s activities when the undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances, and such undertaking shall detail the abovementioned foreseen events and amount or criteria;
● | reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the office holder as a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, provided that (i) no indictment was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (ii) no financial liability was imposed upon him or her as a substitute for the criminal proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such financial liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and 75 Table of Contents ● | reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the office holder or imposed by a court in proceedings instituted against him or her by the company, on its behalf, or by a third party, or in connection with criminal proceedings in which the office holder was acquitted, or as a result of a conviction for an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent. Under the Companies Law, a
company may insure an office holder against the following liabilities incurred
for acts performed by him or her as an office holder if and to the extent
provided in the company’s articles of association: ● | a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, provided that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not harm the company;
● | a breach of duty of care to the company or to a third party, to the extent such a breach arises out of the negligent conduct of the office holder; and
● | a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third party. Under the Companies Law, a
company may not indemnify, exculpate or insure an office holder against any of
the following: ● | a breach of fiduciary duty, except for indemnification and insurance for a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company;
● | a breach of duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding a breach arising out of the negligent conduct of the office holder;
● | an act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal benefit; or
● | a fine or forfeit levied against the office holder. Under the Companies Law,
exculpation, indemnification and insurance of office holders must be approved by
our compensation committee and our board of directors and, with respect to
directors or controlling shareholders, their relatives and third parties in
which such controlling shareholders have a personal interest, also by the
shareholders. See “—Approval of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli
Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers” above in this Item
6.C. Our amended articles permit us
to exculpate, indemnify and insure our office holders to the fullest extent
permitted or to be permitted by the Companies Law. We have obtained directors and
officers liability insurance for the benefit of our office holders and intend to
continue to maintain such coverage and pay all premiums thereunder to the
fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. In addition, we have entered into
agreements with each of our office holders undertaking to indemnify them to the
fullest extent permitted by Israeli law. Furthermore, until the sixth
anniversary of the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet merger, we are covering
the directors and officers of Stratasys, Inc. and its subsidiaries with respect
to acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger. The
limits, terms and conditions of this coverage are at least as favorable as the
limits, terms and conditions in the policy that Stratasys, Inc. maintained up to
the effective time of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Directors’ Service
Contracts For a description of service
contracts that we have entered into with our directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment or other service, please see Item 7.B, “Related
Party Transactions— Employment and Consulting Agreements with Directors and
Executive Officers” below. D. Employees The number of our full-time
equivalent employees, and the distribution of employees (i) geographically and
(ii) within the divisions of our company, in each case as of December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 are set forth in the two tables below. Number of full-time equivalent employees
by region as of December 31,
Region | 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Americas * | 1,630 | 1,800 | 2,076
Israel | 473 | 493 | 506
Europe | 176 | 209 | 128
Asia Pacific | 190 | 219 | 196
Total | 2,469 | 2,721 | 2,906 76 Table of Contents Number of full-time equivalent employees by function as of December 31,
Division | 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Operations and support | 788 | 929 | 1,178
Research and development | 551 | 543 | 517
Customer service | 316 | 288 | 199
Sales and marketing | 441 | 558 | 600
General and administrative | 373 | 403 | 412
Total | 2,469 | 2,721 | 2,906 *Includes employees in Latin America . During the years covered by
the above tables, we did not employ a significant number of temporary
employees. The moderate decrease in the
size of our workforce in each of 2016 and 2015 relative to the previous year was
due to our implementation of operational efficiencies, which included
elimination of excess employees in certain divisions of our company. While none of our employees is
party to a collective bargaining agreement, certain provisions of the collective
bargaining agreements between the Histadrut (General Federation of Labor in
Israel) and the Coordination Bureau of Economic Organizations (including the
Industrialists’ Associations) are applicable to our employees in Israel by order
of the Israel Ministry of Labor. These provisions primarily concern the length
of the workday, minimum daily wages for professional workers, pension fund
benefits for all employees, insurance for work-related accidents, procedures for
dismissing employees, determination of severance pay and other conditions of
employment. We generally provide our employees with benefits and working
conditions beyond the required minimums. We have never experienced any
employment-related work stoppages. We believe that our relationship with our
employees is good. The employees of our
subsidiaries are subject to local labor laws and regulations that vary from
country to country. E. Share Ownership. The following table lists, as
of February 14, 2017, the number of our ordinary shares owned, and stock options
held, by each of the directors and members of our senior management who served
as such during the year (including for part of the year) ended December 31, 2016: 77 Table of Contents Shares of Stratasys (1) | Stratasys stock options (3)
Percent of | Number held (4)
Number of | outstanding | Exercise
shares | shares | Not | price
beneficially | beneficially | Exercisable | exercisable | per | Expiration
Name | owned (2) | owned (2) | within 60 days | within 60 days | share | date
Elchanan Jaglom | See table in
Chairman of the Board | Item 7. A
“Major
Shareholders”
below.
S. Scott Crump | 357,073 | (5) | * | 18,000 | — | $ | 25.50 | August 29, 2017
Chairman of the Executive Committee | 14,400 | 3,600 | $ | 46.87 | June 18, 2018
93,749 | 6,251 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Ilan Levin | 161,731 | * | 100,062 | — | $ | 7.82 | December 31, 2017
Chief Executive Officer and Director | 24,782 | — | $ | 2.21 | December 31, 2017
Eyal Desheh | * | * | * | * | * | *
Director (6)
Edward J. Fierko | 126,066 | (7) | * | 18,000 | — | $ | 25.50 | August 29, 2017
Director | 14,400 | 3,600 | $ | 46.87 | June 18, 2018
20,625 | 1,375 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
15,125 | 6,875 | $ | 103.30 | August 8, 2020
9,166 | 834 | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
Victor Leventhal | 31,345 | * | 12,957 | 6,222 | $ | 74.95 | December 1, 2022
Director | 9,166 | 834 | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
John J. McEleney | 46,616 | * | 7,200 | 3,600 | $ | 46.87 | June 18, 2018
Director | 15,125 | 1,375 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
15,125 | 6,875 | $ | 103.30 | August 8, 2020
9,166 | 834 | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
Ziva Patir | 36,899 | * | 27,733 | 1,849 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Director | 9,166 | 834 | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
David Reis | 172,436 | * | 172,436 | — | $ | 6.52 | December 31, 2017
Director
Clifford H. Schweiter | 46,550 | * | 10,800 | 3,600 | $ | 46.87 | June 18, 2018
Director (8) | 20,625 | 1,375 | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
15,125 | 6,875 | $ | 103.30 | August 8, 2020
Haim Shani | 9,166 | 9,166 | 834 | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
Director
Erez Simha | * | * | * | * | * | *
Chief Financial Officer (9,10)
Joshua Claman | * | * | * | * | * | *
Chief Business Officer (9,10)
Tal Dilian | * | * | * | * | * | *
Executive V.P., Technology and Products (9,10)
Avi Jacoby | * | * | * | * | * | *
Executive VP Global Human
Resources/ Training (9,10)
Dan Yalon | * | * | * | * | * | *
EVP Strategy, Marketing & BD (9) 78 Table of Contents ____________________ * | Constitutes less than 1% of our outstanding shares.
(1) | All of our shares (including shares held by directors and members of senior management) have identical voting rights.
(2) | In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, the number of shares and the percentages shown for individual persons or groups include any ordinary shares underlying stock options held by such person or group that were exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2017 and that are also reflected in the column titled “Stratasys stock options — Number held — Exercisable within 60 days.” Further in keeping with such Rule 13d-3, the computation of percentage ownership is based upon 52,695,671 ordinary shares outstanding at February 14, 2017, plus such number of ordinary shares as such person (but not any other person or group) had the right to receive upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days thereof.
(3) | For a description of Stratasys’ stock option plans, please see “Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans” in this Item below. All options granted under such plans have been granted without payment of any cash consideration therefor by the grantees thereof.
(4) | Each stock option is exercisable for one ordinary share.
(5) | Includes 176,294 ordinary shares owned of record by Mr. Crump’s wife.
(6) | Mr. Desheh served as an external director of our company from the start of 2016 until February 25, 2016, when his term expired. He elected not to be nominated for re-election at our 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders.
(7) | Includes 24,375 ordinary shares held by Mr. Fierko’s wife.
(8) | Mr. Schweiter served as a director of our company from the start of 2016 until our 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders in May 2016. He elected not to be nominated for re-election at that meeting.
(9) | Because each of Messrs. Simha, Claman, Dilian, Jacoby and Yalon beneficially owns less than 1% of our outstanding ordinary shares and his beneficial ownership has not previously been disclosed to our shareholders or otherwise made public, it is being omitted from this annual report pursuant to an allowance provided by the SEC’s Form 20-F.
(10) | Each of Messrs. Simha, Claman, Dilian and Jacoby ceased his employment for our company over the course of (or, in the case of Mr. Simha, at the conclusion of) 2016. Stock Option and Share
Incentive Plans The following sets forth
certain information with respect to our current stock option and share incentive
plans. The following description is only a summary of the plans and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the plans, which are exhibits
to this annual report. Upon the expiration of our
stock option and share incentive plans, no further grants may be made
thereunder, although any existing awards will continue in full force in
accordance with the terms under which they were granted. Amended and Restated 2004
Omnibus Stock Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan Our Amended and Restated 2004
Omnibus Stock Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2004 Plan,
which was adopted by our board of directors on August 15, 2004 and amended and
restated by the board of directors on July 9, 2007 and again on May 30, 2011,
provides for the grant of options, restricted shares or other share-based awards
to our and our subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees, officers, office
holders, subcontractors and consultants. Awards under the 2004 Plan may be
granted until August 15, 2014, ten years from the date on which the 2004 Plan
was originally adopted by the board of directors. Our 2004 Plan is administered
by our board of directors, which shall determine, subject to Israeli law, the
grantees of awards and various terms of the grant. The 2004 Plan provides for
granting options in compliance with Section 102 of the Income Tax Ordinance,
1961, to which we refer as the Tax Ordinance. Options granted under the 2004
Plan to Israeli employees have been granted under the capital gains track of
Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance. In order to comply with the terms of the
capital gains track, all options that have been granted under the 2004 Plan
(grants were not made until the 2006 fiscal year) pursuant and subject to the
provisions of Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance, as well as the shares issued
upon exercise of these options and other shares received subsequently following
any realization of rights with respect to such options, such as a result of a
share dividend or share split, are granted to a trustee for the benefit of the
relevant employee, director or officer and are held by the trustee for at least
two years after the date of grant. 79 Table of Contents Unless otherwise provided by
our board of directors, options granted under the 2004 Plan vest over a
four-year period that commences on the date of grant such that 25% vest after
one year and an additional 6.25% vest at the end of each subsequent three-month
period over the following 36 months. Unless a shorter term is set by our board
with respect to a specific award, options, other than certain incentive share
options, expire 10 years from the grant date. Incentive share options granted to
a person holding more than 10% of our voting power expire within five years from
the date of the grant. All options that have been granted to date under the 2004
Plan expire on December 31, 2017. If we terminate a grantee’s
employment or service for cause, all of the grantee’s vested and unvested
options expire on the date of termination. If a grantee’s employment or service
terminates due to death, disability, or retirement, the grantee’s vested options
may be exercised by him or her, or by his or her estate (as the case may be),
for one year, following the death or disability, or three months following
retirement. If a grantee’s service or other relationship to our company
terminates for any other reason, the grantee may exercise his or her vested
options until the 90th day after the date of such termination (or such different
period as our board shall prescribe). In addition to the shares reserved under
the 2004 Plan, any options granted under the 2004 Plan that are terminated or
forfeited for any reason without having been exercised, return to the pool under
the plan and enlarge the reserved shares under the plan. Shares subject to
options granted under the 2004 Plan that terminate or are forfeited for any
reason without having been exercised will be added to the pool of shares
available for awards under our 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2012
Plan, and enlarge the reserved shares thereunder. In the event of a merger or
consolidation of our company, or sale of all or substantially all of our shares
or assets, then without the consent of the option holder, the board may but is
not required to (i) use its best efforts to cause that any outstanding award
shall be assumed or an equivalent award shall be substituted by such successor
corporation or (ii) in case the successor corporation refuses to assume or
substitute the award (a) provide the grantee with the option to exercise the
award as to all or part of the shares or (b) cancel the option against payment
to the grantee in an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares as
reflected under the terms of such merger or sale minus the exercise price per
share for each such share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board may upon
such event amend or terminate the terms of any award, including conferring the
right to purchase any other security or asset that the board shall deem, in good
faith, as appropriate. We will not be making any
further awards under the 2004 Plan, as the 2012 Plan has taken its place for
future awards. As of December 31, 2016, a total of 552,880 ordinary shares were issuable upon exercise of
outstanding options that were vested and exercisable under the 2004
Plan. 2012 Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan Our 2012 Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan, which became effective at the effective time of the
Stratasys-Objet merger, provides for the grant of options, restricted shares,
restricted share units and other share-based awards to our and our subsidiaries’
respective directors, employees, officers, consultants, and advisors and to any
other person whose services are considered valuable to our company or any of our
affiliates. Following the approval of the 2012 Plan by the Israeli tax
authorities, we will only grant options or other equity incentive awards under
the 2012 Plan, although previously-granted options and awards will continue to
be governed by the 2004 Plan. Under the 2012 Plan, there were 2,500,000 ordinary
shares originally reserved for issuance, none of which was granted prior to the
effectiveness of the merger. Upon the adoption of an amendment to the 2012 Plan
at our extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in February 2013, the
reserved pool under the plan consisted of 4,000,000 shares, which was to be
automatically increased annually on January 1 (beginning on January 1, 2014) by
a number of ordinary shares equal to the lower of (i) 500,000 shares, subject to
adjustment due to certain changes as provided under the 2012 Plan, and (ii) a
number of shares determined by our board of directors, if so determined prior to
the January 1 on which the increase will occur. Pursuant to that provision, on
each of January 1, 2015 , January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2017 , the pool of shares
under the 2012 Plan was automatically increased by 500,000 shares, to 5,000,000 shares, 5,500,000 and 6,000,000 shares total, respectively. The 2012 Plan is administered
by our board of directors or by a committee designated by the board, which
determines, subject to Israeli law, the grantees of awards and the terms of the
grant, including, exercise prices, vesting schedules, acceleration of vesting
and the other matters necessary in the administration of the 2012 Plan. The 2012
Plan enables our company to issue awards under various tax regimes including,
without limitation, pursuant to Sections 102 and 3(9) of the Tax Ordinance and
Section 422 of U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to which we refer as the
Code. Section 102 of the Tax
Ordinance allows employees, directors and officers who are not controlling
shareholders and are considered Israeli residents to receive favorable tax
treatment for compensation in the form of shares or options. Our Israeli
non-employee service providers and controlling shareholders may only be granted
options under Section 3(9) of the Tax Ordinance, which does not provide for
similar tax benefits. Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance includes two alternatives
for tax treatment involving the issuance of options or shares to a trustee for
the benefit of the grantees and also includes an additional alternative for the
issuance of options or shares directly to the grantee. Section 102(b)(2) of the
Tax Ordinance, the most favorable tax treatment for grantees, permits the
issuance to a trustee under the “capital gains track.” However, under this track
we will not be allowed to deduct an expense with respect to the issuance of the
options or shares. Options granted under the 2012 Plan to U.S. residents may
qualify as “incentive stock options” within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code. The exercise price for “incentive stock options” must not be less than the
fair market value on the date on which an option is granted, or 110% of the fair
market value if the option holder holds more than 10% of our share capital. 80 Table of Contents Under the 2012 Plan, we are
expected to grant options to our employees, directors and officers who are not
controlling shareholders and are considered Israeli residents, under the capital
gains track. In order to comply with the terms of the capital gains track, all
options granted under the 2012 Plan pursuant and subject to the provisions of
Section 102 of the Tax Ordinance, as well as the ordinary shares to be issued
upon exercise of these options and other shares received subsequently following
any realization of rights with respect to such options, such as share dividends
and share splits, must be granted to a trustee for the benefit of the relevant
employee, director or officer and should be held by the trustee for at least two
years after the date of the grant. Awards under the 2012 Plan may
be granted until September 16, 2022, ten years from the date on which the 2012
Plan was approved by our shareholders. Options granted under the 2012
Plan generally vest over four years commencing on the date of grant such that
25% vest after one year and an additional 6.25% vest at the end of each
subsequent three-month period thereafter for 36 months. Options, other than
certain incentive share options, that are not exercised within ten years from
the grant date expire, unless otherwise determined by the board or its
designated committee, as applicable. Incentive share options granted to a person
holding more than 10% of the combined company’s voting power expire within five
years from the date of the grant. In case of termination for reasons of death,
disability, or retirement, the grantee or his legal successor may exercise
options that have vested prior to termination within a period of one year from
the date of disability or death, or within three months following retirement. If
we terminate a grantee’s employment or service for cause, all of the grantee’s
vested and unvested options will expire on the date of termination. If a
grantee’s employment or service is terminated for any other reason, the grantee
may exercise his or her vested options within 90 days of the date of
termination. Any expired or unvested options return to the pool for
reissuance. In the event of a merger or
consolidation of our company, or a sale of all, or substantially all, of our
shares or assets or other transaction having a similar effect, then without the
consent of the option holder, the board or its designated committee, as
applicable, may but is not required to (i) cause any outstanding award to be
assumed or an equivalent award to be substituted by such successor corporation
or (ii) in case the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute the
award (a) provide the grantee with the option to exercise the award as to all or
part of the shares or (b) cancel the options against payment in cash in an
amount determined by the board or the committee as fair in the circumstances.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board or its designated committee may upon
such event amend or terminate the terms of any award, including conferring the
right to purchase any other security or asset that the board shall deem, in good
faith, appropriate. Stratasys, Inc.
Plans Pursuant to the
Stratasys-Objet merger agreement, upon the consummation of the Stratasys-Objet
merger, each option exercisable for one share of Stratasys, Inc. common stock
converted into an option to purchase one ordinary share of Stratasys Ltd.
Furthermore, we assumed the obligations of Stratasys, Inc. related to the
issuance of shares underlying those options under its then-existing option
plans, consisting of the Stratasys, Inc. 1998 Incentive Stock Option Plan,
Stratasys, Inc. 2000 Incentive Stock Option Plan, Stratasys, Inc. 2002 Long-Term
Performance and Incentive Plan, and Stratasys, Inc. 2008 Long-Term Performance
and Incentive Plan, which we refer to collectively as the Stratasys, Inc. plans.
Each option so assumed pursuant to the Stratasys-Objet merger agreement remains
governed by the terms and conditions of the relevant grant instrument as well as
the Stratasys Inc. plan under which it was granted (with appropriate changes to
reflect Stratasys Ltd. as the company whose shares are issuable upon exercise of
the option). As of December 31, 2016, a total of 168,750 ordinary shares were issuable upon exercise of
options that were vested and exercisable under the Stratasys, Inc.
plans. The following table presents
certain option data information for the above-described stock option and share
incentive plans as at February 14, 2017: Total | Weighted
Ordinary | Average
Shares | Aggregate | Aggregate | Exercise
Reserved | Number of | Number of | Price of
for | Awards | Shares Available | Awards | Outstanding
Plan | Grants | Granted out of Reserve | for Future Grants | Outstanding | Options
2004 Plan | — | — | None | 535,549 | $ | 11.94
2012 Plan | 6,000,000 | 2,383,192 | 3,616,808 | 1,718,786 | $ | 44.35
Stratasys, Inc. Plans | — | — | None | 207,400 | $ | 41.47
Totals | 6,000,000 | 2,383,192 | 3,616,808 | 2,461,735 | $ | 37.06 On December 3, 2012, we filed
a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the issuance of ordinary shares
in respect of then-outstanding options to directors, officers, employees and
eligible consultants under the 2004 Plan and the Stratasys, Inc. plans. On
September 3, 2013, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the
issuance of ordinary shares underlying options granted or to be granted under
the 2012 Plan. 81 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. A. Major Shareholders Ownership by Major
Shareholders The following table presents
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by each person who is known by
us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding ordinary shares
(to whom we refer as our major shareholders), based on the most recent
beneficial ownership reports filed with the SEC by such persons on or before
February 14, 2017. The data presented is based on information provided to us, or
disclosed in public filings with the SEC, by the major shareholders. Beneficial ownership of shares
is determined under rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares for which
a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or for which a
person has or shares the right to receive the economic benefit of ownership of
the shares. The table below includes the number of shares underlying options
that are exercisable within 60 days after February 14, 2017. Shares issuable
upon the exercise of such options are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the ownership percentage of the person, entity or group holding
such options, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the ownership percentage of any other person, entity or group. The ownership
percentages reflected below are based on 52,695,671 ordinary shares
outstanding as of February 14, 2017. Except where otherwise
indicated, and except pursuant to community property laws, we believe, based on
information furnished by such owners, that the beneficial owners of the shares
listed below have sole investment and voting power with respect to, and the sole
right to receive the economic benefit of ownership of, such shares. The
shareholders listed below do not have any different voting rights from any of
our other shareholders. We know of no arrangements that would, at a subsequent
date, result in a change of control of our company. Options | Total
Ordinary | Exercisable | Beneficial | Percentage
Beneficial Owner | Shares | within 60 Days | Ownership | Ownership
Roy J. Zuckerberg | 2,888,727 | (1) | — | 2,888,727 | 5.5%
Elchanan Jaglom | 2,875,125 | (2) | — | 2,875,125 | 5.5%
PRIMECAP Management Company | 5,010,000 | (3) | — | 5,010,000 | 9.5%
Fisher Investments | 3,115,910 | (4) | — | 3,115,910 | 5.9% ____________________ (1) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2016, as indicated in the amended statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by Samson Capital, LLC and Roy J. Zuckerberg on February 14, 2017. Consists of 13,602 ordinary shares held by Zuckerberg Investment Partners, LP, 2,517,787 ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC, with respect to which Roy J. Zuckerberg may be deemed to share beneficial ownership and 357,338 ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of California, with respect to which Roy J. Zuckerberg may be deemed to share beneficial ownership as a result of the Roy J. Zuckerberg Family Trust’s 39.4% ownership of the membership interests of Hancock LLC. Mr. Zuckerberg is party to an agreement with respect to the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC that provides him with the right to independently make decisions as to voting and disposition of 1,548,649 of those ordinary shares, without having to consult with any other person. The Roy J. Zuckerberg Family Trust is party to an agreement pursuant to which it has the right to independently make decisions as to the voting and disposition of 38,786 of the ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, without having to consult with any other person. Mr. Zuckerberg disclaims beneficial ownership of all of the ordinary shares that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by him except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
(2) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2016, as indicated in the amended statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed by Elchanan Jaglom on February 14, 2017. Consists of (i) 2,517,787 ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC, with respect to which Mr. Jaglom may be deemed to share beneficial ownership and (ii) the 357,338 ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, a California limited liability company of which 61.2% of the membership interests are held by a company (which we refer to as the Hancock Member) of which Mr. Jaglom is a director. Mr. Jaglom is party to an agreement with respect to the ordinary shares held by Samson Capital, LLC that provides him with the right to independently make decisions as to voting and disposition of 969,138 of those ordinary shares, without having to consult with any other person. The Hancock Member is party to an agreement pursuant to which it has the right to independently make decisions as to voting and disposition of 318,552 of the ordinary shares held by Hancock LLC, without having to consult with any other person. Mr. Jaglom disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held by each of Samson Capital, LLC and Hancock LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
(3) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2016, as indicated in the amended statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G/A filed by PRIMECAP Management Company on February 9, 2017. As indicated in that amended statement, PRIMECAP Management Company possesses sole dispositive power with respect to all such 5,010,000 ordinary shares, but sole voting power with respect to only 4,660,000 of such ordinary shares.
(4) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2016, as indicated in the statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G filed by Fisher Investments on January 27, 2017. As indicated in that statement, Fisher Investments possesses sole dispositive power with respect to all such 3,115,910 ordinary shares, but sole voting power with respect to only 1,523,892 of such ordinary shares. 82 Table of Contents Changes in Percentage
Ownership by Major Shareholders During 2014, there were
decreases in the percentage ownership of each of our pre-existing major
shareholders, consisting of Samson Capital, LLC, Roy J. Zuckerberg and Elchanan
Jaglom. The decreases were due to, in the case of the some of the major
shareholders, market sales by the major shareholders themselves. The decreases
were also due to our issuance of a substantial number of additional ordinary
shares in various transactions, including the Solid Concepts acquisition and
Harvest Technologies acquisition in July 2014 and August 2014, respectively. In
2015, the percentage ownership of those shareholders increased, due to market
purchases of additional ordinary shares by Samson Capital, LLC (which increased
the percentage ownership of all three of those shareholders). In 2016, the
percentage ownership of those shareholders declined, due to sales by Samson
Capital, LLC and Hancock LLC (and Samson Capital LLC ceased to be a 5% or
greater shareholder as a result). The percentage ownership of
those shareholders decreased during 2014, increased during 2015 and decreased
during 2016, as follows: (i) Samson Capital, LLC—from 6.4% to 4.8%, back up to
5.2%, and back down to 4.8%; (ii) Roy J. Zuckerberg—from 7.6% to 5.9%, back up
to 6.2% and back down to 5.5%; and (iii) Elchanan Jaglom—from 7.5% to 5.8%, back
up to 6.2% and back down to 5.5%. During 2014, four new major shareholders—
Morgan Stanley, Baillie Gifford & Co, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. and
Edgewood Management LLC—acquired over 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares.
During 2015, Morgan Stanley, Baillie Gifford & Co. and Edgewood Management
LLC ceased to be major shareholders, as their percentage ownership dropped to
1.5%, 4.6% and 0%, respectively. During 2015, a new major shareholder, PRIMECAP
Management Company, acquired 6.3% of our outstanding ordinary shares and during
2016, its percentage ownership increased further, to 9.5%. T. Row Price Associates, Inc.
acquired over 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares in 2015 (5.3%), but then
ceased to be a major shareholder during 2016, dropping to 1.6% as of the end of
2016. Fisher Investments has become a 5% or greater shareholder for the first
time as of the end of 2016, having acquired 5.9%. Record Holders Based upon a review of the
information provided to us by our transfer agent, as of February 14, 2016, there
were 102 holders of record of our shares, of which 76 record holders holding 52,692,156, or approximately 99.99%, of our outstanding ordinary
shares, had registered addresses in the United States. These numbers are not
representative of the number of beneficial holders of our shares nor is it
representative of where such beneficial holders reside, since many of these
shares were held of record by brokers or other nominees. As of the said date,
CEDE & Co, the nominee company of the Depository Trust Company (with a
registered address in the United States), held of record 51,283,246 ordinary shares on behalf of hundreds firms of brokers and banks in the
United States, who in turn held such shares on behalf of several thousand
clients and customers. B. Related Party
Transactions. Except as described below or
elsewhere in this annual report, since January 1, 2016, we have had no
transaction or loan, nor do we have any presently proposed transaction or loan,
involving any related party described in Item 7.B of Form 20-F promulgated by
the SEC. Indemnification
Agreements Our amended articles permit us
to exculpate, indemnify and insure each of our directors and office holders to
the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. Effective upon the effective
time of the merger, we entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
current directors and other office holders, under which we undertook to
indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by Israeli law, including with
respect to liabilities resulting from the merger to the extent that these
liabilities are not covered by insurance. We also put into place Directors and
Officers liability insurance for each of our directors and other office holders
upon the effectiveness of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Employment and
Consulting Agreements with Directors and Executive Officers Employment agreement with
Ilan Levin Pursuant to an employment
agreement, dated June 27, 2011, Ilan Levin, our Chief Executive Officer,
provides services to us as a full-time employee who leads special corporate
executive functions. Under the agreement, Mr. Levin receives a gross monthly
salary of NIS 27,000 (approximately $6,950) and other benefits that are provided
for by Israeli law or that are customary for senior executives in Israel,
including reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with his
services, and the right to use (and all related fixed and variable costs in
respect of) a leased car. The foregoing salary is in addition to and independent
of the $19,400 per month plus Israeli value added tax, or VAT, that Mr. Levin is
entitled to for continued service as a member of the board. 83 Table of Contents Under the employment agreement, Mr. Levin is
furthermore entitled to company contributions equivalent to 5%, 8.33%, 2.5%, and
7.5% of his gross monthly salary towards certain pension, severance, disability
and tax-advantaged savings funds (known as a manager’s insurance policy,
severance compensation fund, disability insurance, and a study fund,
respectively) (Mr. Levin also contributes 5% and 2.5% of his gross monthly
salary towards the manager’s insurance policy and study fund, respectively). The
employment engagement is terminable by either party upon three months’ prior
written notice, and contains customary provisions regarding noncompetition,
confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. As required under
Israeli law, the terms of Mr. Levin’s engagement with our company were approved
by our board of directors and shareholders. Mr. Levin has furthermore been granted an aggregate
of 419,344 options to purchase ordinary shares, of which 124,844 are currently
outstanding, all of which are fully vested. 100,062 of such options have an
exercise price of $7.82 per share and 24,782 of such options have an exercise
price of $2.208 per share. All of such options expire on December 31, 2017. All
of the 124,844 ordinary shares underlying the foregoing options are subject to
an agreement between Mr. Levin and our company under which they may only be
disposed of (subject to minor exceptions involving the payment of taxes) in an
orderly fashion, on a pro rata basis over the course of a five year period
commencing in 2012. These restrictions governing the disposition of these shares
supplement, and do not replace, any additional applicable restrictions under our
share option and incentive plans. Consulting arrangement with
an entity affiliated with Elchanan Jaglom An entity affiliated with
Elchanan Jaglom, the Chairman of the board of directors, has provided consulting
and director services to us pursuant to an oral arrangement that was approved by
our board of directors and shareholders. The monthly amount payable to that
entity under this arrangement is $35,000, plus VAT, currently. The consulting
arrangement, which is not recorded in a written agreement, has no set term and
may be terminated by either party at will upon written notice. C. Interests of Experts and
Counsel. Not required. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION. A. Consolidated Statements
and Other Financial Information. The consolidated financial
statements and other financial information for our company required by SEC are
included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. Export Sales The following table presents
total export sales by Stratasys, Ltd for each of the fiscal years indicated (in
thousands): 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Total Export Sales* | $ | 269,449 | $ | 280,021 | $ | 341,395
as a percentage of Total Sales | 40.1 | % | 40.2 | % | 45.5 | % ____________________ * | Export sales, as presented, are defined as sales to customers located outside of North America and Israel (where our dual headquarters are located). Legal
Proceedings We are a party to various
legal proceedings incident to our business. Based upon the status of such cases,
as determined with the advice of counsel, we have recorded provisions in our
financial statements for amounts (if any) judged to be both quantifiable and
probable to be paid. Except as noted below, there are no legal proceedings
pending or threatened against us that we believe may have a significant effect on our financial condition or profitability. Claims Related to Company
Equity On March 4, 2013, five current
or former minority shareholders and former directors of our company filed two
lawsuits against our company in an Israeli central district court. The lawsuits
demand that we amend the capitalization table of our company such that certain
shares previously issued to Objet shareholders named as defendants would be
recognized as being owned by the plaintiffs with a consequent reduction of the
share ownership of the named defendants. The lawsuits also name as defendants
Elchanan Jaglom, the Chairman of the board of directors, David Reis, our Chief
Executive Officer, various shareholders of ours who were also shareholders of
Objet, and, in one of the lawsuits, Ilan Levin, one of our directors. The
lawsuits allege in particular that a series of investments in Objet during 2002
and 2003 was effected at a price per share that was below fair market value,
thereby illegally diluting those shareholders that did not participate in the
investments. The plaintiffs also allege that a portion of the amount invested in
those transactions was actually invested by an investor who was already a
shareholder of Objet and allegedly acting in concert with Mr. Jaglom, and that
the interest of these two shareholders in these transactions was not properly
disclosed to the minority shareholders at the time. The lawsuits furthermore
claim that we effectively engaged in backdating the issuance of certain shares,
in that shares that Objet reported as having been issued in 2006 and 2007 were
actually issued at a subsequent date—as late as 2009. 84 Table of Contents We filed our statement of defense in response to
these claims in May 2013, denying the claims. In 2015, the court dismissed the
lawsuit of one of the former directors due to lack of cause. In February 2017,
the parties reached an agreement pursuant to which all claims were settled at no
material cost to our company. Notice of the settlement was provided to the court
with a motion for the dismissal of the suits. Securities Law Class
Actions On February 5, 2015, a lawsuit
styled as a class action was commenced in the United States District Courts for
the District of Minnesota, naming the Company and certain of our officers and
directors as defendants. Similar actions were filed on February 9 and 20, 2015,
and on March 25, 2015, in the Southern District of New York, the Eastern
District of New York, and the District of Minnesota, respectively. The lawsuits
allege violations of the Exchange Act in connection with allegedly false and
misleading statements concerning our business and prospects. The plaintiffs seek
damages and awards of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees.
On April 15, 2015, the cases were consolidated for all purposes, and on April
24, 2015, the court entered an order appointing lead plaintiffs and approving
their selection of lead counsel for the putative class. On July 1, 2015, the
lead plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint. On August 31, 2015, the
defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint for failure to state a
claim. The Court heard the motion on December 11, 2015. On June 30, 2016, the
Court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss with prejudice and entered judgment
in favor of defendants. On July 29, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed a notice of
appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit from the
Court’s judgment. On September 22, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed the opening
initial brief on appeal. On October 24, 2016, defendants filed their answering
brief to appeal. On November 18, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed the reply brief in
support of their appeal. Oral arguments for appeal are scheduled for March 9, 2017. We intend to mount vigorous defenses to these
lawsuits. Dividend
Policy We have never paid cash
dividends on our ordinary shares and do not anticipate that we will pay any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our
earnings to finance the development of our business. Any future dividend policy
will be determined by our board of directors based upon conditions then
existing, including our earnings, financial condition, tax position and capital
requirements, as well as such economic and other conditions as our board of
directors may deem relevant. Pursuant to our articles of association, dividends
may be declared by our board of directors. Dividends must be paid out of our
profits and other surplus funds, as defined in the Companies Law, as of the end
of the most recent year or as accrued over a period of the most recent two
years, whichever amount is greater, provided that there is no reasonable concern
that payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and
foreseeable obligations as they become due. In addition, because we have
received certain benefits under Israeli law relating to Approved Enterprises and
Beneficiary Enterprises, our payment of dividends (out of tax-exempt income) may
subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not otherwise be subject.
We are also restricted under our credit agreement with Bank of America from
paying dividends. Please see the risk factors captioned “We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share
price does not appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and
could potentially suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary shares,”
and “Even if we decide to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, we may be
restricted from doing so or payment of such dividends may have adverse
consequences for our company” in Item 3.D “Risk Factors—Risks related to an
investment in our ordinary shares” above. For a discussion of the
applicable rates of withholding tax on dividends paid out of income derived from
an Approved Enterprise or a Beneficiary Enterprise, see “Israeli Tax
Considerations and Government Programs — The Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above. B. Significant Changes. Other than as otherwise
described in this annual report, no significant change has occurred in our
operations since the date of our consolidated financial statements included in
this annual report. ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND
LISTING. A. Listing Details. Since December 3, 2012 (the
first trading day after the effective time of the merger), our ordinary shares
have traded (and, prior to that time, Stratasys, Inc. common stock was traded)
on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol “SSYS.” The
following table sets forth the high and low closing sale prices of our ordinary
shares (and for periods preceding the merger, Stratasys, Inc. common stock) for
the fiscal periods indicated below, as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market. 85 Table of Contents Price Range
High | Low
Fiscal Period: | (U.S. $) | (U.S. $)
Six most recent months:
February 2017 | 21.97 | 19.60
January 2017 | 20.00 | 17.77
December 2016 | 19.96 | 16.54
November 2016 | 20.98 | 17.95
October 2016 | 24.33 | 19.00
September 2016 | 24.09 | 21.33
Two most recent full financial years and subsequent periods, by quarter:
Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2017
January 1, 2017 - February 28, 2017 only | 21.97 | 17.77
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016
October 1, 2016 - December 31, 2016 | 24.33 | 16.54
July 1, 2016 - September 30, 2016 | 24.09 | 19.36
April 1, 2016 - June 30, 2016 | 29.35 | 19.74
January 1, 2016 - March 31, 2016 | 27.82 | 15.24
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2015
October 1, 2015 - December 31, 2015 | 31.90 | 22.58
July 1, 2015 - September 30, 2015 | 37.73 | 26.17
April 1, 2015 - June 30, 2015 | 61.43 | 34.66
January 1, 2015 - March 31, 2015 | 81.05 | 52.78
Five most recent full financial years
2016 | 29.35 | 15.24
2015 | 81.05 | 22.58
2014 | 136.46 | 78.64
2013 | 134.70 | 62.50
2012 | 80.75 | 30.37 Our ordinary shares, nominal
value NIS 0.01 per share, are registered on the books of our transfer agent,
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. There are no transfer
restrictions apart from the requirement that any transfers comply with
applicable securities laws and the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market or any other
securities exchange on which our ordinary shares may be listed in the
future. ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION. A. Share Capital. Not applicable B. Memorandum and Articles
of Association. Purposes and Objects of the Company We are a public company
registered under Israel’s Companies Law as Stratasys Ltd., registration number
51-260769-8. Under our memorandum of association, our purpose includes every
lawful purpose. Powers of
Directors Under the provisions of the
Companies Law and our amended articles, the management of the business of the
Company is vested in our board of directors, which may exercise all such powers
and do all such acts and things as the Company is authorized to exercise and do.
For certain approval requirements, disclosure obligations and limitation on
participation of members of our board in board meetings, see “Fiduciary Duties
of Officer Holders — Approval of Specified Related Party Transactions with
Office Holders Under Israeli Law” in Item 6.C – “Board Practices” above, and the
remainder of this Item 10.B below. The authority of our directors
to enter into borrowing arrangements on our behalf is not limited, except to the
same degree as any other transaction into which we may enter. Our amended articles do not
impose any mandatory retirement or age-limit requirements on our directors, and
our directors are not required to own shares in our company in order to qualify
to serve as directors. Rights Attached to
Shares Our authorized share capital
consists of 180,000,000 ordinary shares of a nominal value of NIS 0.01 each. All
outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The rights attached to the
ordinary shares are as follows: Dividend
Rights. Our board of directors
may, in its discretion, declare that a dividend be paid pro rata to the holders
of ordinary shares. Dividends must be paid out of our profits and other surplus
funds, as defined in the Companies Law, as of the end of the most recent year or
as accrued over a period of two years, whichever is greater, provided that there
is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent us from
satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. Under
the Companies Law, the declaration of a dividend does not require the approval
of the shareholders of a company unless the company’s articles of association
provide otherwise. Our amended articles provide that our board of directors may
declare and distribute dividends without the approval of the
shareholders. 86 Table of Contents Rights to Share in the
Company’s Profits. Our
shareholders have the right to share in our profits distributed as a dividend or
via any other permitted distribution. See “Rights Attached to Shares — Dividend
Rights”, in this Item 10.B above. Rights to Share in Surplus
in the Event of Liquidation. In
the event of our liquidation, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors,
our assets will be distributed to the holders of ordinary shares in proportion
to the nominal value of their holdings. This right may be affected by the grant
of preferential dividend or distribution rights to the holders of a class of
shares with preferential rights that may be authorized in the future. Limited
Liability. Our company is a
limited liability company, and therefore, each shareholder’s liability for our
obligations is limited to the payment of the nominal value of the shares held by
such shareholder, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law. Limitations on Any Existing
or Prospective Major Shareholder. See “Board Practices - Approval of Specified Related Party Transactions with
Office Holders Under Israeli Law” in Item 6.C above. Voting
Rights. Holders of our ordinary
shares have one vote for each ordinary share held on all matters submitted to a
vote of shareholders. Shareholders may vote at a shareholders’ meeting either in
person or by proxy. Such voting rights may be affected by the grant of any
special voting rights to the holders of a class of shares with preferential
rights that may be authorized in the future. There are currently no preferred
shares outstanding. The Companies Law imposes
certain duties on our shareholders. A shareholder, in exercising his or her
rights and performing his or her obligations to our other shareholders and us,
must act in good faith and in an acceptable manner, and avoid abusing his or her
powers. This duty is required when voting at general meetings on matters such as
changes to our articles of association, increases to our registered capital,
mergers and related party transactions. A shareholder also has a general duty to
refrain from depriving any other shareholder of his or her rights as a
shareholder. In addition, any controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows
that his or her vote can determine the outcome of a shareholder vote and any
shareholder who, under our amended articles, can appoint or prevent the
appointment of an office holder, is required to act fairly towards our company.
The Companies Law does not specifically define the duty of fairness, but
provides that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will
apply also in the event of a breach of the duty to act with fairness. There is
no binding case law that addresses this subject directly. Any voting agreement
among shareholders is also subject to these duties. Election of
Directors Directors of our company,
other than external directors (to the extent that we elect, or are required, to
have them once again in the future), are elected each year at our annual general
meeting of shareholders by a vote of the holders of a majority of the voting
power represented at the meeting. See “Item 6.C Board Practices—Board of
Directors” above. Our ordinary shares do not have cumulative voting rights for
this purpose. As a result, holders of our ordinary shares that represent more
than 50% of the voting power represented at a shareholders’ meeting at which a
quorum is present will have the power to elect any or all of our directors whose
positions are being filled at that meeting, subject to the special approval
requirements for external directors described under “Board Practices—External
Directors” in Item 6.C above. In addition, pursuant to the
Companies Law and our amended articles, any shareholder holding at least one
percent (1%) of our outstanding voting power may make nominations for directors
only if a written notice of such shareholder’s intent to make such nomination
(together with certain documentation required under the Companies Law) has been
delivered to our registered Israeli office within seven days after we publish
notice of our upcoming annual general meeting (or within 14 days after we
publish a preliminary notification of an upcoming annual general meeting). Annual and Extraordinary
Meetings Our board of directors must
convene an annual general meeting of shareholders at least once every calendar
year, within fifteen months of the last annual general meeting. All meetings other than the
annual general meeting of shareholders are referred to as extraordinary general
meetings. Our board of directors may call extraordinary general meetings
whenever it sees fit, at such time and place, within or outside of Israel, as it
may determine. In addition, the Companies Law and our amended articles provide
that our board of directors will be required to convene an extraordinary general
meeting upon the written request of (i) any two of our directors or one-quarter
of our board of directors or (ii) one or more shareholders holding, in the
aggregate, either (a) 5% of our outstanding issued shares and 1% of our
outstanding voting power or (b) 5% of our outstanding voting power. The chairman
of the board of directors presides at each of our general meetings. The chairman
of the board of directors will not be entitled to vote at a general meeting in
his capacity as chairman. Subject to the provisions of
the Companies Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder, shareholders that
will be entitled to participate and vote at general meetings are the
shareholders of record on a date decided by our board of directors, which may be
between four and 40 days prior to the date of the meeting. Furthermore, the
Companies Law and our amended articles require that resolutions regarding the
following matters must be passed at a general meeting of our shareholders: ● | amendments to the amended articles; 87 Table of Contents ● | appointment or termination of our auditors;
● | appointment of directors and appointment and dismissal of external directors;
● | approval of acts and transactions involving related parties, as defined by the Companies Law or pursuant to our amended articles;
● | director compensation;
● | increases or reductions of our authorized share capital;
● | a merger; and
● | the exercise of our board of directors’ powers by a general meeting, if the board of directors is unable to exercise its powers and the exercise of any of its powers is required for our proper management. Notices The Companies Law and the
amended articles require that a notice of any annual general meeting or
extraordinary general meeting be published and provided to shareholders at least
21 days prior to the meeting, and if the agenda of the meeting includes the
appointment or removal of directors, the approval of transactions with office
holders or interested or related parties, or an approval of a merger, notice
must be published at least 35 days prior to the meeting. Quorum The quorum required for a
general meeting of our shareholders consists of at least two shareholders
present in person, by proxy or written ballot who hold or represent between them
at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the total outstanding voting rights. A
meeting adjourned for lack of a quorum generally is adjourned to the same day in
the following week at the same time and place, or to a later time/date if so
specified in the summons or notice of the meeting. At the reconvened meeting, if
the original meeting was convened upon requisition under the Companies Law, the
required quorum consists of one or more shareholders, present in person or by
proxy, and holding the number of shares required for making such requisition,
and, in any other reconvened meeting, the quorum that is required is any two
shareholders present in person or by proxy (regardless of how many shares they
hold). Adoption of
Resolutions Our amended articles provide
that all resolutions of our shareholders require the approval of a majority of
the voting power present and voting at a general meeting, unless otherwise
required by the Companies Law or by the amended articles. Under the Companies
Law and the amended articles, shareholders are not permitted to take action via
written consent in lieu of a meeting. Under the Companies Law, each of (i) the
approval of an extraordinary transaction with a controlling shareholder and (ii)
the terms of employment or other engagement of the controlling shareholder of
the company or such controlling shareholder’s relative (even if not
extraordinary) require, in addition to approval by the compensation committee
(in the case of terms of employment) or audit committee (in the case of some
other engagement) and the board of directors, approval by a special majority of
the shareholders that fulfills one of the following requirements: ● | a disinterested majority; or
● | the votes of shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction and who are present and voting, in person, by proxy or by voting deed at the meeting, and who vote against the transaction may not represent more than two percent (2%) of the voting rights of the company. Under our amended articles, if
the share capital is divided into classes, the alteration of the rights,
privileges, preferences or obligations of any class of share capital requires
approval by a simple majority of the class so affected (or such other percentage
of the relevant class that may be set forth in the governing documents relevant
to such class), in addition to the ordinary majority vote of all classes of
shares voting together as a single class at a general meeting, as required under
the Companies Law. Further exceptions to the
simple majority vote requirement are a resolution for the voluntary winding up,
or an approval of a scheme of arrangement or reorganization, of the company
pursuant to Section 350 of the Companies Law, which requires the approval of
holders of 75% of the voting rights represented at the meeting, in person, by
proxy or by voting deed and voting on the resolution. Israeli law provides that a
shareholder of a public company may vote in a meeting and in a class meeting by
means of a voting deed in which the shareholder indicates how he or she votes on
resolutions relating to the following matters: ● | appointment or removal of directors;
● | approval of transactions with office holders or interested or related parties;
● | approval of a merger or any other matter in respect of which there is a provision in the articles of association providing that decisions of the general meeting may also be passed by voting deed;
● | approval of an arrangement or reorganization of the company pursuant to Section 350 of the Israeli Companies Law; and
● | other matters which may be prescribed by Israel’s Minister of Justice. 88 Table of Contents The provision allowing the
vote by voting deed does not apply if, to the best knowledge of the company at
the time of calling the general shareholders’ meeting, a controlling shareholder
will hold on the record date for such shareholders’ meeting, voting power
sufficient to determine the outcome of the vote. Changing Rights Attached to
Shares The rights attached to any
class of shares, such as voting, liquidation and dividend rights, may be amended
by adoption of a resolution by the holders of a majority of the shares of that
class present at a separate class meeting, or otherwise in accordance with the
rights attached to such class of shares, as set forth in our amended
articles. Limitations on the Rights
to Own Securities in Our Company Neither our memorandum of
association nor our amended articles, nor the laws of the State of Israel,
restrict in any way the ownership or voting of shares by non-residents, except
with respect to citizens of countries that are in a state of war with Israel. Provisions Restricting
Change in Control of Our Company Full Tender
Offer A person wishing to acquire
shares of a public Israeli company and who could as a result hold over 90% of
the target company’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights is
required by the Companies Law to make a tender offer to all of the company’s
shareholders for the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the
company. A person wishing to acquire shares of a public Israeli company and who
could as a result hold over 90% of the issued and outstanding share capital or
voting rights of a certain class of shares is required to make a tender offer to
all of the shareholders who hold shares of the relevant class for the purchase
of all of the issued and outstanding shares of that class. If the shareholders
who do not accept the offer hold less than 5% of the issued and outstanding
share capital and voting rights of the company or of the applicable class, all
of the shares that the acquirer offered to purchase will be transferred to the
acquirer by operation of law (provided that a majority of the offerees that do
not have a personal interest in such tender offer shall have approved it, which
condition shall not apply if, following consummation of the tender offer, the
acquirer would hold at least 98% of all of the company’s outstanding shares and
voting rights (or shares and voting rights of the relevant class)). However,
shareholders may, at any time within six months following the completion of the
tender offer, petition the court to alter the consideration for the acquisition.
Even shareholders who indicated their acceptance of the tender offer may so
petition the court, unless the acquirer stipulated that a shareholder that
accepts the offer may not seek appraisal rights). If the shareholders who did
not accept the tender offer hold 5% or more of the issued and outstanding share
capital or voting rights of the company or of the applicable class, the acquirer
may not acquire shares of the company that will increase its holdings to more
than 90% of the company’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights
or 90% of the shares or voting rights of the applicable class, from shareholders
who accepted the tender offer. Special Tender
Offer The Companies Law provides
that an acquisition of shares of a public Israeli company must be made by means
of a special tender offer if as a result of the acquisition the purchaser could
become a holder of 25% or more of the voting rights in the company, unless one
of the exemptions in the Companies Law (as described below) is met. This rule
does not apply if there is already another holder of at least 25% of the voting
rights in the company. Similarly, the Companies Law provides that an acquisition
of shares in a public company must be made by means of a tender offer if as a
result of the acquisition the purchaser could become a holder of more than 45%
of the voting rights in the company, if there is no other shareholder of the
company who holds more than 45% of the voting rights in the company, unless one
of the exemptions in the Companies Law is met. A special tender offer must be
extended to all shareholders of a company but the offeror is not required to
purchase shares representing more than 5% of the voting power attached to the
company’s outstanding shares, regardless of how many shares are tendered by
shareholders. A special tender offer may be consummated only if (i) at least 5%
of the voting power attached to the company’s outstanding shares will be
acquired by the offeror and (ii) the number of shares tendered in the offer
exceeds the number of shares whose holders objected to the offer. If a special tender offer is
accepted, then the purchaser or any person or entity controlling it or under
common control with the purchaser or such controlling person or entity may not
make a subsequent tender offer for the purchase of shares of the target company
and may not enter into a merger with the target company for a period of one year
from the date of the offer, unless the purchaser or such person or entity
undertook to effect such an offer or merger in the initial special tender
offer. Merger The Companies Law permits
merger transactions if approved by each party’s board of directors and, unless
certain requirements described under the Companies Law are met, by a majority
vote of each party’s shares, and, in the case of the target company, a majority
vote of each class of its shares, voted on the proposed merger at a shareholders
meeting called with at least 35 days’ prior notice. 89 Table of Contents For purposes of the
shareholder vote, unless a court rules otherwise, the merger will not be deemed
approved if a majority of the votes of shares represented at the shareholders’
meeting that are held by parties other than the other party to the merger, or by
any person (or group of persons acting in concert) who holds (or hold, as the
case may be) 25% or more of the voting rights or the right to appoint 25%
or more of the directors of the other party, vote against the merger. If,
however, the merger involves a merger with a company’s own controlling
shareholder or if the controlling shareholder has a personal interest in the
merger, then the merger is instead subject to the same special majority approval
that governs all extraordinary transactions with controlling shareholders (as
described above in this annual report under “Item 6.C Board Practices—Approval
of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli Law—Disclosure of Personal Interests
of Controlling Shareholders”). If the transaction would have
been approved by the shareholders of a merging company but for the separate
approval of each class or the exclusion of the votes of certain shareholders as
provided above, a court may still approve the merger upon the request of holders
of at least 25% of the voting rights of a company, if the court holds that the
merger is fair and reasonable, taking into account the value of the parties to
the merger and the consideration offered to the shareholders of the company that
have petitioned the court to approve the merger. Upon the request of a creditor
of either party to the proposed merger, the court may delay or prevent the
merger if it concludes that there exists a reasonable concern that, as a result
of the merger, the surviving company will be unable to satisfy the obligations
of any of the parties to the merger, and may further give instructions to secure
the rights of creditors. In addition, a merger may not
be consummated unless at least 50 days have passed from the date on which a
proposal for approval of the merger was filed by each party with the Israeli
Registrar of Companies and at least 30 days have passed from the date on which
the merger was approved by the shareholders of each party. Anti-Takeover Measures
Under Israeli Law The Companies Law allows us to
create and issue shares having rights different from those attached to our
ordinary shares, including shares providing certain preferred rights,
distributions or other matters and shares having preemptive rights. Currently,
no preferred shares are authorized under our amended articles. In the future, if
we do authorize, create and issue a specific class of preferred shares, such
class of shares, depending on the specific rights that may be attached to it,
may have the ability to frustrate or prevent a takeover or otherwise prevent our
shareholders from realizing a potential premium over the market value of their
ordinary shares. The authorization and designation of a class of preferred
shares will require an amendment to our amended articles, which requires the
prior approval of the holders of a majority of the voting power present and
voting at a general meeting. The convening of the meeting, the shareholders
entitled to participate in such meeting, and the majority vote required to be
obtained at such a meeting will be subject to the requirements set forth in the
Companies Law as described above in this Item 10.B under “Memorandum and
Articles of Association—Rights Attached to Shares—Voting Rights.” The foregoing description
includes only a summary of certain provisions of the Companies Law and our
memorandum of association and articles and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of such documents, which are exhibits to this annual
report. C. Material
Contracts. We have not entered into any
material contract within the two years prior to the date of this annual report,
other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, or as
otherwise described herein in Item 4.A—“History and Development of the Company”,
Item 4.B—“Business Overview”, Item 5.B—“Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects—Liquidity and Capital Resources”, Item 6.C – “Board Practices—Director
Service Contracts” and Item 7.B - “Related Party Transactions”. D. Exchange Controls. There are currently no Israeli
currency control restrictions on payments of dividends or other distributions
with respect to our ordinary shares or the proceeds from the sale of ordinary
shares, except for the obligation of Israeli residents to file reports with the
Bank of Israel regarding certain transactions. However, legislation remains in
effect pursuant to which currency controls can be imposed by administrative
action at any time. The ownership or voting of our
ordinary shares by non-residents of Israel, except with respect to citizens of
countries that are in a state of war with Israel, is not restricted in any way
by our memorandum of association or amended articles or by the laws of the State
of Israel. E. Taxation. The following is a short
summary of certain provisions of the tax environment to which shareholders may
be subject. This summary is based on the current provisions of tax law. To the
extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been
subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that
the views expressed in the discussion will be accepted by the appropriate tax
authorities or the courts. 90 Table of Contents The summary does not
address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to all purchasers of
our ordinary shares in light of each purchaser’s particular circumstances and
specific tax treatment. For example, the summary below does not address the tax
treatment of residents of Israel and traders in securities who are subject to
specific tax regimes. As individual circumstances may differ, holders of our
ordinary shares should consult their own tax adviser as to the United States,
Israeli or other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of
ordinary shares. The following is not intended, and should not be construed, as
legal or professional tax advice and is not exhaustive of all possible tax
considerations. Each individual should consult his or her own tax or legal
adviser. Israeli Taxation
Considerations Israeli law generally imposes
a capital gains tax on the sale of any capital assets by residents of Israel, as
defined for Israeli tax purposes, and on the sale of assets located in Israel,
including shares of Israeli companies, by both residents and non-residents of
Israel unless a specific exemption is available or unless a tax treaty between
Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides otherwise. The Tax
Ordinance distinguishes between “Real Capital Gain” and “Inflationary Surplus”.
The Inflationary Surplus is a portion of the total capital gain which is
equivalent to the increase of the relevant asset’s purchase price which is
attributable to the increase in the Israeli consumer price index or, in certain
circumstances, a foreign currency exchange rate, between the date of purchase
and the date of sale. The Real Capital Gain is the excess of the total capital
gain over the Inflationary Surplus. Israeli resident
individuals Capital Gain As of January 1, 2006, the tax
rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli individuals from the
sale of shares which had been purchased on or after January 1, 2003, whether or
not listed on a stock exchange, is 20%, unless such shareholder claims a
deduction for interest and linkage differences expenses in connection with the
purchase and holding of such shares, in which case the gain will generally be
taxed at a rate of 25%. Additionally, if such shareholder is considered a
“Significant Shareholder” ( i.e., a person who holds,
directly or indirectly, alone or together with another person who collaborates
with such person on a permanent basis, 10% or more of any of the company’s
“means of control” (including, among other things, the right to receive profits
of the company, voting rights, the right to receive the company’s liquidation
proceeds and the right to appoint a director)) at the time of sale or at any
time during the preceding 12-month period, such gain will be taxed at the rate
of 25%. Individual shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are taxed at
their marginal tax rates applicable to business income (up to 48% in 2016) unless the benefiting provisions of an applicable treaty applies. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
pursuant to the Law for Change in the Tax Burden (Legislative Amendments)
(Taxes), 2011, the capital gain tax rate applicable to individuals was raised
from 20% to 25% from 2012 and onwards (or from 25% to 30% if the selling
individual shareholder is a Significant Shareholder at any time during the
12-month period preceding the sale and\or claims a deduction for interest and
linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and holding of such
shares). With respect to assets (not shares that are listed on a stock exchange)
purchased on or after January 1, 2003, the portion of the gain generated from
the date of acquisition until December 31, 2011 will be subject to the previous
capital gains tax rates (20% or 25%) and the portion of the gain generated from
January 1, 2012 until the date of sale will be subject to the new tax rates (25%
or 30%). Dividend
Income Israeli residents who are
individuals are generally subject to Israeli income tax for dividends paid on
our ordinary shares (other than bonus shares or share dividends) at 25%, or 30%
if the recipient of such dividend is a Significant Shareholder, at the time of
distribution or at any time during the preceding 12-month period. However,
dividends distributed from taxable income accrued during the benefits period of
an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to withholding tax
at the rate of 15% (and 20% with respect to Preferred Enterprise), if the
dividend is distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment Law
or within 12 years after such period. An average rate will be set in case the
dividend is distributed from mixed types of income (regular and Approved/
Beneficiary/ Preferred income). Israeli resident
corporations Capital Gain Under current Israeli tax
legislation, the tax rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli
resident corporations from the sale of shares of an Israeli company is the
general corporate tax rate. As described in “Israeli Tax Considerations and
Government Programs — General Corporate Tax Structure” in Item 4.B above, the
corporate tax rate was 26.5% and 25% in 2015 and 2016, respectively, in 2017 the
corporate tax rate is 24%, and from 2018 and onwards the corporate tax rate will
be 23%. Dividend
Income Generally, Israeli resident
corporations are exempt from Israeli corporate tax on the receipt of dividends
paid on shares of Israeli resident corporations. However, dividends distributed
from taxable income accrued during the benefits period of an Approved Enterprise
or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15%, if
the dividend is distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment
Law or within 12 years after that period. 91 Table of Contents Non-Israeli
Residents Capital Gain Israeli capital gains tax is
imposed on the disposal of capital assets by a non-Israeli resident if such
assets are either (i) located in Israel; (ii) shares or rights to shares in an
Israeli resident company, or (iii) represent, directly or indirectly, rights to
assets located in Israel, unless a tax treaty between Israel and the seller’s
country of residence provides otherwise. As mentioned above, Real Capital Gain
is generally subject to tax at the corporate tax rate (26.5% in 2015, 25% in
2016, 24% in 2017 and 23% in 2018 and thereafter), if generated by a company, or at the rate of 25%
(for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 20% with
respect to the portion of the gain generated up to December 31, 2011) or 30%
(for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 25% with
respect to the portion of the gain generated up to December 31, 2011), if
generated by an individual who is Significant Shareholder at the time of sale or
at any time during the preceding 12-month period (or claims a deduction for
interest and linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and
holding of such shares) from the sale of assets purchased on or after January 1,
2003. Individual and corporate shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are
taxed at the tax rates applicable to business income (a corporate tax rate for a
corporation and a marginal tax rate of up to 48% for an individual in 2016) unless contrary provisions in a relevant tax treaty applies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders who are
non-Israeli residents (individuals and corporations) should generally exempt from Israeli capital gains tax on any gains derived from the sale,
exchange or disposition of shares provided (i) gain is not related to a permanent establishment of the foreign resident in Israel; (ii)
 the shares were not acquired from a related party; and (iii) most of the company’s value is not derived from real estate assets in Israel.
 Such exemption is not applicable to a person whose gains from selling or otherwise disposing of the shares are deemed to be business income. In addition, a sale of shares
may be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax under the provisions of an
applicable tax treaty. For example, under the U.S.-Israel Tax Treaty, to which
we refer as the U.S.-Israel Treaty, the sale, exchange or disposition of shares
of an Israeli company by a shareholder who is a U.S. resident (for purposes of
the U.S.-Israel Treaty) holding the shares as a capital asset is exempt from
Israeli capital gains tax unless either (i) the shareholder holds, directly or
indirectly, shares representing 10% or more of the voting rights during any part
of the 12-month period preceding such sale, exchange or disposition, (ii) the
shareholder, if an individual, has been present in Israel for a period or
periods of 183 days or more in the aggregate during the applicable taxable year;
or (iii) the capital gains arising from such sale are attributable to a
permanent establishment of the shareholder which is maintained in Israel. In any
such case, the sale, exchange or disposition of such shares would be subject to
Israeli tax, to the extent applicable; however, under the U.S.-Israel Treaty, a
U.S. resident would be permitted to claim a credit for the Israeli tax against
the U.S. federal income tax imposed with respect to the sale, exchange or
disposition, subject to the limitations in U.S. laws applicable to foreign tax
credits. The U.S.-Israel Treaty does not provide such credit against any U.S.
state or local taxes. In some instances where our
shareholders may be liable for Israeli tax on the sale of their Ordinary Shares,
the payment of the consideration may be subject to the withholding of Israeli
tax at source. Shareholders may be required to demonstrate that they are exempt
from tax on their capital gains in order to avoid withholding at source at the
time of sale. Specifically, in transactions involving a sale of all of the
shares of an Israeli resident company, in the form of a merger or otherwise, the
Israel Tax Authority may require from shareholders who are not liable for
Israeli tax to sign declarations in forms specified by this authority or obtain
a specific exemption from the Israel Tax Authority to confirm their status as
non Israeli resident, and, in the absence of such declarations or exemptions,
may require the purchaser of the shares to withhold taxes at source. Dividend
Income Non-Israeli residents (whether
individuals or corporations) are generally subject to Israeli income tax on the
receipt of dividends paid on ordinary shares at the rate of 25% or 30% (if the
dividend recipient is a Significant Shareholder at the time of distribution or
at any time during the preceding 12-month period) or 15% if the dividend is
distributed from income attributed to our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary
Enterprise (and 20% with respect to Preferred Enterprise). Such dividends are
generally subject to Israeli withholding tax at a rate of 25% so long as the
shares are registered with a nominee company (whether the recipient is a
Significant Shareholder or not) and 15% if the dividend is distributed from
income attributed to an Approved Enterprise or a Beneficiary Enterprise (and 20%
if the dividend is distributed from income attributed to a Preferred
Enterprise), unless a reduced rate is provided under an applicable tax treaty
(subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax
Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). For example, under the U.S.-Israel
Treaty, the maximum rate of tax withheld at source in Israel on dividends paid
to a holder of our ordinary shares who is a U.S. resident (for purposes of the
U.S.-Israel Treaty) is 25%. However, generally, the maximum rate of withholding
tax on dividends, not generated by our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary
Enterprise, that are paid to a U.S. corporation holding at least 10% or more of
our outstanding voting capital from the start of the tax year preceding the
distribution of the dividend through (and including) the distribution of the
dividend, is 12.5%, provided that no more than 25% of our gross income for such
preceding year consists of certain types of dividends and interest.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends distributed from income attributed to
an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to a withholding
tax rate of 15% for such U.S. corporation shareholder, provided that the
condition related to our gross income for the previous year (as set forth in the
previous sentence) is met. If the dividend is attributable partly to income
derived from an Approved Enterprise, a Beneficiary Enterprise or Preferred
Enterprise, and partly to other sources of income, the withholding rate will be
a blended rate reflecting the relative portions of the two types of income. U.S.
residents who are subject to Israeli withholding tax on a dividend may be
entitled to a credit or deduction for United States federal income tax purposes
in the amount of the taxes withheld, subject to detailed rules contained in the
Code. 92 Table of Contents A non-Israeli resident who
receives dividends from which tax was withheld is generally exempt from the
obligation to file tax returns in Israel with respect to such income, provided
that (i) such income was not generated from business conducted in Israel by the
taxpayer, and (ii) the taxpayer has no other taxable sources of income in Israel
with respect to which a tax return is required to be filed. Excess Tax Individuals who are subject to
tax in Israel are also subject to an additional tax at a rate of 2% on annual
income exceeding NIS 803,520 for 2016 (and as of 2017, the additional tax will
be at a rate of 3% on annual income exceeding NIS 640,000), which amount is
linked to the annual change in the Israeli consumer price index, including, but
not limited to, dividends, interest and capital gain. U.S. Federal Income Tax
Considerations Subject to the limitations
described in the following paragraphs, the discussion below describes the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences to a beneficial owner of our
ordinary shares, referred to in this discussion as a U.S. holder, that
is: ● | an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
● | a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in the United States or under the law of the United States or of any state or the District of Columbia;
● | an estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or
● | a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. This summary is not a
comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant
to each person’s decision to purchase, hold or dispose of ordinary shares. This
summary considers only U.S. holders that hold ordinary shares as capital assets. This discussion is based on
current provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to which we refer
as the Code, current and proposed Treasury regulations, and administrative and
judicial decisions as of the date of this annual report, all of which are
subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion does not
address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any
particular shareholder based on the shareholder’s individual circumstances. In
particular, this discussion does not address the potential application of the
alternative minimum tax or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S.
holders that are subject to special treatment, including U.S. holders
that: ● | are broker dealers or insurance companies;
● | have elected mark-to-market accounting;
● | are tax-exempt organizations;
● | are financial institutions or financial services entities;
● | are partnerships or other entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or partners thereof or members therein;
● | hold ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion or other integrated transaction with other investments;
● | own directly, indirectly or by attribution at least 10% of our voting power; or
● | have a functional currency that is not the U.S. dollar. In addition, this discussion
does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, or the
possible application of the U.S. federal estate or gift tax or any state
inheritance, estate or gift tax. Material aspects of U.S.
federal income tax law relevant to a holder other than a U.S. holder, referred
to in this discussion as a non-U.S. holder, are also discussed below. Each prospective investor
is advised to consult his or her own tax adviser for the specific tax
consequences to that investor of purchasing, holding or disposing of our
ordinary shares. Taxation of Dividends
Paid on Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion
below under “Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company,” a
U.S. holder will be required to include in gross income as ordinary income the
gross amount of any distribution paid on ordinary shares, including any Israeli
taxes withheld from the amount paid, on the date the distribution is actually or
constructively received, to the extent the distribution is paid out of our
current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.” In addition, under the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, higher income taxpayers must pay an additional 3.8 percent tax on net
investment income to the extent certain threshold amounts of income are
exceeded. See “Tax on Net Investment Income” in this Item below. 93 Table of Contents Dividends that are received by
U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts generally will be taxed at
the rate applicable to long-term capital gains (a maximum rate of 15% or 20%, in
case of taxpayers with annual taxable income which exceeds certain thresholds),
provided those dividends meet the requirements of “qualified dividend income.”
Dividends that fail to meet these requirements, and dividends taxable to
corporate U.S. holders, are taxed at ordinary income rates. No dividend received
by a U.S. holder will be a qualified dividend (1) if the U.S. holder held the
ordinary share with respect to which the dividend was paid for less than 61 days
during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the
ex-dividend date with respect to the dividend, excluding for this purpose, under
the rules of Code Section 246(c), any period during which the U.S. holder has an
option to sell, is under a contractual obligation to sell, has made and not
closed a short sale of, is the grantor of a deep-in-the-money or otherwise
nonqualified option to buy, or has otherwise diminished its risk of loss by
holding other positions with respect to, the ordinary share (or substantially
identical securities); or (2) to the extent that the U.S. holder is under an
obligation (pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with
respect to positions in property substantially similar or related to the
ordinary share with respect to which the dividend is paid. If we were to be a
“passive foreign investment company” (as that term is defined in the Code) for
any year, dividends paid on our ordinary shares in that year or in the year
following that year would not be qualified dividends. In addition, a
non-corporate U.S. holder will be able to take a qualified dividend into account
in determining its deductible investment interest (which is generally limited to
its net investment income) only if it elects to do so, in which case the
dividend will be taxed at ordinary income rates. Corporate holders will not be
allowed a deduction for dividends received in respect of our ordinary shares. Dividends on our ordinary
shares will be foreign source passive income (or in some cases, general category
income) for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Distributions in excess of
earnings and profits will be applied against and will reduce, on a
share-by-share basis, the U.S. holder’s basis in the ordinary shares and, to the
extent in excess of that basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or
exchange of ordinary shares. The amount of a distribution
paid to a U.S. holder in a foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the
foreign currency calculated by reference to the spot exchange rate on the day
the U.S. holder receives the distribution. A U.S. holder that receives a foreign
currency distribution and converts the foreign currency into U.S. dollars after
receipt will have foreign exchange gain or loss based on any appreciation or
depreciation in the value of the foreign currency against the U.S. dollar, which
will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. U.S. holders will have the
option of claiming the amount of any Israeli income taxes withheld at source
either as a deduction from gross income or as a dollar-for-dollar credit against
their U.S. federal income tax liability. Individuals who do not claim itemized
deductions, but instead utilize the standard deduction, may not claim a
deduction for the amount of the Israeli income taxes withheld, but the amount
may be claimed as a credit against the individual’s U.S. federal income tax
liability. The amount of foreign income taxes that may be claimed as a credit in
any year is generally subject to complex limitations and restrictions, which
must be determined on an individual basis by each shareholder. Those limitations
include the provisions described in the following paragraphs, as well as rules
that limit foreign tax credits allowable for a class of income to the U.S.
federal income taxes otherwise payable on the net income in that
class. A U.S. holder will be denied a
foreign tax credit for Israeli income tax withheld from dividends received on
our ordinary shares: ● | if the U.S. holder has not held the ordinary shares for at least 16 days of the 30-day period beginning on the date that is 15 days before the ex-dividend date; or
● | to the extent that the U.S. holder is under an obligation to make related payments on substantially similar or related property. Any days during which a U.S.
 holder has substantially diminished its risk of loss on the ordinary
 shares are not counted toward meeting the 16-day holding period required
 by the statute. A foreign tax credit for the Israeli tax can be deferred
 if the U.S. holder enters into certain types of arrangements to defer
 inclusion of the related dividend in income for tax purposes. Taxation of the
Disposition of Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion
below under “Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company,”
upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our ordinary shares, a
U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference between the U.S. holder’s basis in the ordinary shares, which is
usually the cost to the U.S. holder of the shares, and the amount realized on
the disposition. Capital gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of
ordinary shares held more than one year is long-term capital gain and is
eligible for a reduced rate of taxation in the case of non-corporate taxpayers.
Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder on the sale, exchange or other
disposition of ordinary shares generally will be treated as U.S. source income
or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The deductibility of capital
losses is subject to limitations. A U.S. holder that uses the
cash method of accounting calculates the U.S. dollar value of foreign currency
proceeds received on a sale as of the date on which the U.S. holder receives the
foreign currency. However, a U.S. holder that uses an accrual method of
accounting is required to calculate the value of the proceeds of the sale as of
the date of sale and may therefore realize foreign currency gain or loss on a
subsequent disposition of the foreign currency based on any subsequent
appreciation or depreciation in the value of the foreign currency against the
U.S. dollar. That gain or loss will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or
loss. 94 Table of Contents Tax Consequences if We
Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company We will be a passive foreign
investment company, to which we refer as a PFIC, if 75% or more of our gross
income in a taxable year, including our pro rata share of the gross income of
any corporation in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by
value (subject to certain exceptions in the case of a U.S. corporation), is
passive income. Alternatively, we will be considered to be a PFIC if at least
50% of our assets in a taxable year, ordinarily determined based on the
quarter-end average fair market value of our assets over the taxable year and
including the pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which we are
considered to own 25% or more of the shares by value (subject to certain
exceptions in the case of a U.S. corporation), produce or are held for the
production of passive income. If we were a PFIC, and a U.S.
holder did not make, as described below, a timely election either to treat us as
a qualified electing fund or, if the election is available, to mark our shares
to market, any excess distributions we pay to a U.S. holder would be taxed in a
special way. Excess distributions are amounts paid on shares in a PFIC in any
taxable year that exceed 125% of the average distributions paid on those shares
in the shorter of: ● | the three previous years; and
● | the U.S. holder’s holding period for ordinary shares before the present taxable year. Excess distributions must be
allocated ratably to each day that a U.S. holder has held our ordinary shares. A
U.S. holder would then be required to include amounts allocated to the current
taxable year and each prior year in which we were not a PFIC (but not before our
first taxable year beginning after December 31, 1986) in its gross income as
ordinary income for the current year. Further, a U.S. holder would be required
to pay tax on amounts allocated to each prior taxable year in which we were a
PFIC at the highest rate in effect for that year on ordinary income, and the tax
for each such year would be subject to an interest charge at the rate applicable
to deficiencies for income tax. The entire amount of gain that
is realized or treated as realized by a U.S. holder upon the sale or other
disposition of ordinary shares (generally whether or not the disposition is a
taxable transaction) will also be treated as an excess distribution and will be
subject to tax as described in the preceding paragraph. In some circumstances a U.S.
holder’s tax basis in our ordinary shares that were inherited from a deceased
person who was a U.S. holder would not equal the fair market value of those
ordinary shares as of the date of the deceased person’s death but would instead
be equal to the deceased’s basis, if lower. The special PFIC rules
described above will not apply to a U.S. holder if that U.S. holder makes an
election to treat us as a qualified electing fund, to which we refer as a QEF,
in the first taxable year in which the U.S. holder owns ordinary shares,
provided we comply with specified reporting requirements. Instead, a U.S. holder
who has made such a QEF election is required for each taxable year in which we
are a PFIC to include in income a pro rata share of our ordinary earnings as
ordinary income and a pro rata share of our net capital gain as long-term
capital gain, subject to a separate election to defer payment of the related
tax. If deferred, the taxes will be subject to an interest charge. We would
supply U.S. holders with the information needed to report income and gain under
a QEF election if we were classified as a PFIC. The QEF election is made on a
shareholder-by-shareholder basis and can be revoked only with the consent of the
Internal Revenue Service, to which we refer as the IRS. A shareholder makes a
QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621, including the PFIC annual
information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return and by
filing a copy of the form with the IRS Service Center in Ogden, UT 84201-0201 . Even if a QEF election is not made, a United States person who is
a shareholder in a PFIC must file every year a completed IRS Form 8621 or other
form as may be prescribed by the IRS pursuant to legislation requiring annual
reports with respect to PFICs. A U.S. holder of PFIC shares
that are publicly traded may elect to mark the stock to market annually,
recognizing as ordinary income or loss each year an amount equal to the
difference as of the close of the taxable year between the fair market value of
the PFIC shares and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the PFIC shares.
Losses would be allowed only to the extent of net mark-to-market gain previously
included in income by the U.S. holder under the election for prior taxable
years. If the mark-to-market election were made, then the rules described above
(other than the rules for excess distributions, which would apply to the first
year the election is made if we were a PFIC in a prior year and a QEF election
were not made for the first year we were a PFIC) would not apply for periods
covered by the election. Although we do not believe
that we were a PFIC in 2016, we cannot assure you that the IRS will agree with
that conclusion or that we will not become a PFIC in 2017 or in a subsequent
year. The tests for determining PFIC status are applied annually, and it is
difficult to make accurate predictions of future income and assets, which are
relevant to this determination. U.S. holders who hold ordinary shares during a
period when we are a PFIC will be subject to these rules, even if we cease to be
a PFIC in later years, subject to specified exceptions for U.S. holders who made
a QEF election in the first year they held our ordinary shares and we were a
PFIC or if in a later year they made any of certain elections to purge the PFIC
taint of our ordinary shares, which elections generally require the payment of
tax. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisers about the PFIC rules,
including QEF and mark-to-market elections. 95 Table of Contents Tax on Net Investment
Income A U.S. holder that is an
individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of
trusts that is exempt from the tax, will be subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser
of (1) the U.S. holder’s “net investment income” for the relevant taxable year
and (2) the excess of the U.S. holder’s modified adjusted gross income for the
taxable year over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals will be
between $125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual’s circumstances). A
U.S. holder’s net investment income generally will include its dividends on our
ordinary shares and net gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares, unless
those dividends or gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of
trade or business (other than trade or business that consists of certain passive
or trading activities). Net investment income, however, may be reduced by
deductions properly allocable to that income. A U.S. holder that is an
individual, estate or trust is urged to consult its tax adviser regarding the
applicability of the Medicare tax to its income and gains in respect of its
investment in our ordinary shares. Tax Consequences for
Non-U.S. Holders of Ordinary Shares Except as described in
“Information Reporting and Backup Withholding” below, a non-U.S. holder of
ordinary shares will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on
the payment of dividends on, and the proceeds from the disposition of, ordinary
shares, unless: ● | the income is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business in the United States and, in the case of a resident of a country that has an income treaty with the United States, the income is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment, or, in the case of an individual, a fixed place of business in the United States;
● | the non-U.S. holder is an individual who holds the ordinary shares as a capital asset and is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition and does not qualify for an exemption; or
● | the non-U.S. holder is subject to tax under the provisions of U.S. tax law applicable to U.S. expatriates. A non-U.S. holder is a
beneficial owner of our ordinary shares that is (1) a nonresident alien as to
the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (2) a corporation
created or organized in or under the law of a country, or any of its political
subdivisions, other than the United States; or (3) an estate or trust that is
not a U.S. holder. Information Reporting
and Backup Withholding U.S. holders generally are
subject to information reporting requirements for dividends paid in the United
States on ordinary shares. Dividends paid in the United States to a U.S. holder
on ordinary shares are subject to backup withholding at a rate of 28% (for
taxable years through 2016) unless the U.S. holder provides IRS Form W-9 or
establishes an exemption. U.S. holders generally are subject to information
reporting and backup withholding at a rate of 28% on proceeds paid from the
disposition of ordinary shares unless the U.S. holder provides IRS Form W-9 or
establishes an exemption. The Foreign Account Tax
Compliance Act, or FATCA, was enacted during 2014. FATCA generally requires
foreign financial institutions (FFIs) to identify U.S. account holders and
report them to the IRS or pay a 30% withholding tax. Nonfinancial foreign
entities (or NFFEs) are required to report their substantial U.S. owners to
withholding agents or pay a 30% withholding tax. FATCA’s objective is to prevent
tax evasion by requiring the disclosure of account holder information to the
IRS. Because Stratasys is a publicly traded company that is not a financial
institution, FATCA has less impact than the rules discussed above that are still
in effect for withholding tax purposes. A non-U.S. holder who effects
the sale of his ordinary shares by or through a U.S. office of a broker is
subject to both information reporting and backup withholding tax on the payment
of the proceeds unless he certifies, under penalties of perjury, that he is not
a U.S. person or otherwise establishes an exemption. If a non-U.S. holder sells
his ordinary shares through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker and the sales
proceeds are paid to the holder outside the United States, then information
reporting and backup withholding generally will not apply to that payment.
However, information reporting requirements, but not backup withholding, will
apply to a payment of sales proceeds, even if that payment is made to a non-U.S.
holder outside the United States, if the holder sells his ordinary shares
through a non-U.S. office of a broker that is a U.S. person or has some other
contacts with the United States. Those information reporting requirements will
not apply, however, if the broker has documentary evidence in its records that
the holder is a non-U.S. person and certain other conditions are met, or the
holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as
a credit against a U.S. or non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability,
and a taxpayer generally may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld under the
backup withholding rules that exceed the taxpayer’s U.S. federal income tax
liability by filing a refund claim with the IRS, provided in each case that
required information is furnished to the IRS. Information Reporting by
Certain U.S. Holders U.S. citizens and
individuals taxable as resident aliens of the United States that own “specified
foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in a taxable year in excess of
certain thresholds (as determined under Treasury regulations) and that are
required to file a U.S. federal income tax return generally will be required to
file an information report with respect to those assets with their tax returns.
IRS Form 8938 has been issued for that purpose. “Specified foreign financial
assets” include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial
institutions, foreign stocks held directly, and interests in foreign estates,
foreign pension plans or foreign deferred compensation plans. Under those rules,
our ordinary shares, whether owned directly or through a financial institution,
estate or pension or deferred compensation plan, would be “specified foreign
financial assets.” Under Treasury regulations, the reporting obligation
applies to certain U.S. entities that hold, directly or indirectly, specified
foreign financial assets. Penalties can apply if there is a failure to satisfy
this reporting obligation. A U.S. holder is urged to consult his tax adviser
regarding his reporting obligation. 96 Table of Contents F. Dividends and Paying
Agents. Not applicable. G. Statement by
Experts. Not applicable. H. Documents on
Display. We are subject to the
informational requirements of the Exchange Act. In accordance with these
requirements, we are required to file reports and other information with the
SEC. You may read and copy these materials, including this annual report and the
accompanying exhibits and reports and other information that we have previously
filed, at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the
public reference room by calling 1(800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet
Site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information that we
file electronically. The reports and other information filed by us with the SEC
are also available at our websites, www.stratasys.com and www.objet.com. The web
addresses of the SEC and our company have been included as inactive textual
references only. Information on those websites is not part of this annual
report. In addition, documents referred to in this annual report may be
inspected at the offices of the NASDAQ Global Select Market, 1735 K Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. You can also obtain copies of reports and other
information that we file electronically, without charge, by requesting them in
writing or by telephone from our company at the following address: Stratasys Ltd. c/o
Stratasys, Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 Attention: Shane Glenn, Vice President of Investor Relations Tel:
(952) 937-3000 As a foreign private issuer,
we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing
and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal
shareholders are exempt from the reporting and “short-swing” profit recovery
provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we are not
required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial
statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as United States companies
whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. I. Subsidiary
Information. Not Applicable. ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Market risk is the risk of
loss related to changes in market prices, including interest rates and foreign
exchange rates, of financial instruments that may adversely impact our
consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations or cash flows. Foreign Currency
Exchange Risk Due to our international
operations, currency exchange rates impact our financial performance. The majority of our balance
sheet exposure relates to foreign currency assets and liabilities in entities
which their functional currency is Euro. Our net Euro balance sheet exposure as
of December 31, 2016 was approximately $80.9 million. Our total revenues amounted to
$672.5 million in 2016, of which approximately 15.9% were denominated in Euros.
During 2016, our Euro-denominated revenues exceeded our Euro-denominated
expenses. Conversely, our expenses denominated in shekels are higher than our
expected shekel-denominated revenues. For those currencies which do not have a
sufficient natural hedge within our operations (such as offsetting revenues and
expenses recorded in a given currency, or some other hedge), we may choose to
hedge in order to reduce the impact of currency fluctuations on our operating
results. In 2016, we entered into hedging transactions to reduce the potential
exposure resulting from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro
and strengthening of the shekel against the U.S. dollar. Our foreign exchange
forward contracts in effect as of December 31, 2016 were for the conversion of
$33.3 million into Euro and $24.8 million into NIS. 97 Table of Contents The net effect of these risks
stemming from currency exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results can
be quantified as follows: (i) A change of 10% in the
value of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar in the year ended December 31,
2016 would have resulted in a change in the U.S. dollar reporting value of our
consolidated operating income of $ 7.6 million for that year, mainly due to
revenues earned in Euros. (ii) A change of 10% in the
value of the shekel relative to the dollar in the year ended December 31, 2016
would have resulted in a change in the dollar-reported value of our consolidated
operating income of $9.9 million, mainly due to shekel-recorded expenses. We will continue to monitor
exposure to currency fluctuations. Instruments that may be used to protect us
against future risks may include foreign currency forward and swap contracts.
These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no
assurance that we will be fully protected against material foreign currency
fluctuations. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or
trading purposes. Interest Rate
Risk Our cash and cash equivalents
are held primarily in bank deposits with maturities of less than 90 days, and
our short-term bank deposits have maturities of more than 90 days. Both are
subject to limited interest rate risk, with an average interest rate of 1.0 7%.
In addition, during 2016 we borrowed $26 million with an average interest rate
of 4.35%. An immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material
effect on our financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF
SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND
ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES . None ITEM 14. MATERIAL
MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF
PROCEEDS. None ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES. (a) Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . We carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2016, the end of the
period covered by this annual report. We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
us in filings and submissions under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules
and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives,
and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such
evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December 31, 2016. (b) Management’s Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of its published
consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2016. In making our assessment, our management used the criteria established
in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such
assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal
control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Kesselman & Kesselman, an
independent registered public accounting firm in Israel and a member of
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, to which we refer as PwC, which
audited the financial statements included in this annual report containing the
disclosure required by this Item 15 has issued an attestation report regarding
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 98 Table of Contents (c) Attestation Report of
Registered Public Accounting Firm . PwC’s attestation report
regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is
included in “Item 18—Financial Statements” on page F-3 of this annual report,
which attestation report is incorporated by reference in this Item 15(c). (d) Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Based on the evaluation
conducted by our management, with the participation of our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d)
promulgated under the Exchange Act, our management (including such officers)
have concluded that there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this annual report that
have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE
FINANCIAL EXPERT. Our board of directors has
determined that Mr. Edward J. Fierko, who serves on the audit committee of our
board of directors, meets the requirements of an “audit committee financial
expert”, as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K and Item 16A of SEC
Form 20-F and is an independent director, as defined in Rule 5600(a)(2) of the
NASDAQ Listing Rules. ITEM 16B. CODE OF
ETHICS. We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, to which we refer as the code of ethics, that
applies to all directors, officers, and employees of our company and its
subsidiaries, including our chief executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other persons performing
similar functions for us. A copy of the code of ethics has been posted on our
Internet website, http://investors.stratasys.com/governance.cfm and is
incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing website has been provided as an
inactive textual reference only, and the content of that website is not a part
of this annual report. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The following table sets
forth, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016, the fees billed to us and
our subsidiaries by our principal accountant. (1) Year ended
December 31,
2016 | 2015
Audit fees (2) | $ | 1,265,897 | $ | 972,988
Tax fees (3) | 206,043 | 94,905
All other fees (4) | 17,800 | 52,500
Total | $ | 1,489,740 | $ | 1,120,393 (1) | Comprised by fees billed by Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm, or Kesselman & Kesselman (which served as our principal accountant with respect to the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016).
(2) | Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and services that would normally be provided by our principal accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
(3) | Tax fees are fees for services rendered by our principal accountant in connection with tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.
(4) | All other fees are fees for other consulting services (if any) rendered by our principal accountant to us. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM
THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. None. ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. None. ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN
REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. Not applicable. 99 Table of Contents ITEM 16G. CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. The NASDAQ Global Select
Market requires companies with securities listed thereon to comply with its
corporate governance standards. As a foreign private issuer, we are not required
to comply with all of the rules that apply to listed domestic U.S. companies.
Pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5615(a)(3), we have notified NASDAQ that with
respect to the corporate governance practices described below, we will instead
follow Israeli law and practice and accordingly will not follow the NASDAQ
Listing Rules. Except for the differences described below, we do not believe
there are any significant differences between our corporate governance practices
and those that apply to a U.S. domestic issuer under the NASDAQ Global Select
Market corporate governance rules. ● | Quorum for Shareholder Meetings : As permitted under the Companies Law, under a recent amendment adopted to our amended and restated articles of association, the quorum required for an ordinary meeting of shareholders consists of at least two shareholders present in person, by proxy or by other voting instrument, who hold at least 25% of the voting power of our shares (and in an adjourned meeting, with some exceptions, two shareholders, regardless of the voting power associated with their shares), instead of 33 1/3% of the issued share capital required under the NASDAQ Listing Rules.
● | Executive Sessions of Independent Directors : Under the Companies Law, our independent directors (as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules) do not need to meet regularly in sessions at which only they are present, as is required of U.S. domestic issuers under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(b)(2).
● | Independent Director Oversight of Nominations : Under Israeli law, there is no requirement to have an independent nominating committee or the independent directors of a company select (or recommend for selection) director nominees, as is required under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(e) for a U.S. domestic issuer. Our board of directors (based on the recommendation of the executive committee thereof) handles this process, as is permitted by our amended articles and the Companies Law. We also need not adopt a formal board resolution or charter addressing the director nominations process and such related matters as may be required under the U.S. federal securities laws, as NASDAQ requires for a U.S. issuer.
● | Shareholder Approval : Pursuant to Israeli law, we seek shareholder approval for all corporate actions requiring such approval under the requirements of the Companies Law, which are different from, or in addition to, the requirements for seeking shareholder approval under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635. See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees—C. Board Practices — Fiduciary Duties of Office Holders” in this annual report for a description of the some of the transactions requiring shareholder approval under the Companies Law.
● | Distribution of Annual and Interim Reports : As opposed to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(d), which requires listed issuers to make annual and quarterly reports available to shareholders in one of a number of specific manners, Israeli law does not require us to distribute such reports directly to shareholders, and the generally accepted business practice in Israel is not to distribute such reports to shareholders but to make such reports available through a public website. In addition, we will make our annual report containing audited financial statements available to our shareholders at our offices (in addition to a public website). We reserve the right to limit our mailing of such report to shareholders to an upon-request basis. ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS. We have elected to provide
financial statements and related information pursuant to Item 18. ITEM 18. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The consolidated financial
statements and the related notes required by this Item are included in this
annual report beginning on page F-1. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements | Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 | F-6 to F-7
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-8 to F- 41
Index to Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves | S-1 100 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2016 CONTENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows | F-6 to F-7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-8 to F-41
Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves | S-1 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders of Stratasys Ltd. In
our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Stratasys Ltd. and
its subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index, presents fairly,
in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible
for these financial statements and the financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the “ Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting ” appearing under Item 15. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule and on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting
was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management and Board of Directors, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Kesselman & Kesselman Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited Tel-Aviv , Israel March 9, 2017 F-2 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands, except share data)
December 31, | 2016 | 2015
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 280,328 | $ | 257,592
Accounts receivable, net | 120,411 | 123,215
Inventories | 117,521 | 123,658
Net investment in sales-type leases | 11,717 | 11,704
Prepaid expenses | 7,571 | 8,469
Other current assets | 15,491 | 22,435
Total current assets | 553,039 | 547,073
Non-current assets
Net investment in sales-type leases - long-term | 12,126 | 17,785
Property, plant and equipment, net | 208,415 | 201,934
Goodwill | 385,629 | 383,853
Other intangible assets, net | 177,458 | 252,468
Other non-current assets | 29,382 | 11,243
Total non-current assets | 813,010 | 867,283
Total assets | $ | 1,366,049 | $ | 1,414,356
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 40,933 | $ | 39,021
Current portion of long-term debt | 3,714 | -
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 28,282 | 31,314
Accrued compensation and related benefits | 34,186 | 34,052
Income taxes payable | 3,925 | 11,395
Obligations in connection with acquisitions | 3,619 | 4,636
Deferred revenues | 49,952 | 52,309
Total current liabilities | 164,611 | 172,727
Non-current liabilities
Long-term debt | 22,286 | -
Deferred tax liabilities | 5,952 | 16,040
Deferred revenues - long-term | 12,922 | 7,627
Obligations in connection with acquisitions - long-term | - | 4,354
Other non-current liabilities | 22,251 | 22,428
Total non-current liabilities | 63,411 | 50,449
Total liabilities | $ | 228,022 | $ | 223,176
Commitments and contingencies (see note 10)
Redeemable non-controlling interests | 2,029 | 2,379
Equity
Ordinary shares, NIS 0.01 nominal value, authorized 180,000 thousands
shares; 52,639 thousands shares and 52,082 thousands shares
issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively | 142 | 141
Additional paid-in capital | 2,633,129 | 2,605,957
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | (13,479 | ) | (10,774 | )
Accumulated deficit | (1,483,925 | ) | (1,406,706 | )
Equity attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | 1,135,867 | 1,188,618
Non-controlling interests | 131 | 183
Total equity | 1,135,998 | 1,188,801
Total liabilities and equity | $ | 1,366,049 | $ | 1,414,356 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
(in thousands, except share and per share data)
Years Ended December 31, | 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Net sales
Products | $ | 479,031 | $ | 503,946 | $ | 612,138
Services | 193,427 | 192,049 | 137,991
672,458 | 695,995 | 750,129
Cost of sales
Products | 234,653 | 466,221 | 302,838
Services | 120,499 | 127,602 | 84,897
355,152 | 593,823 | 387,735
Gross profit | 317,306 | 102,172 | 362,394
Operating expenses
Research and development, net | 97,778 | 122,360 | 82,270
Selling, general and administrative | 307,113 | 434,619 | 351,993
Goodwill impairment | - | 942,408 | 102,470
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (872 | ) | (23,671 | ) | (26,150 | )
404,019 | 1,475,716 | 510,583
Operating loss | (86,713 | ) | (1,373,544 | ) | (148,189 | )
Financial income (expense), net | 354 | (10,287 | ) | (6,529 | )
Loss before income taxes | (86,359 | ) | (1,383,831 | ) | (154,718 | )
Income taxes benefit | (9,446 | ) | (10,320 | ) | (35,248 | )
Share in losses of associated company | (708 | ) | - | -
Net loss | (77,621 | ) | (1,373,511 | ) | (119,470 | )
Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests | (402 | ) | (676 | ) | (50 | )
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (77,219 | ) | $ | (1,372,835 | ) | $ | (119,420 | )
Net loss per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd.
Basic | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | (2.39 | )
Diluted | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | (2.39 | )
Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
Basic | 52,330 | 51,592 | 50,019
Diluted | 52,582 | 51,592 | 50,019
Comprehensive Loss
Net loss | $ | (77,621 | ) | $ | (1,373,511 | ) | $ | (119,470 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Losses on securities reclassified into earnings | - | - | 167
Foreign currency translation adjustments | (2,788 | ) | (8,263 | ) | (4,326 | )
Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge | 83 | 1,136 | (1,396 | )
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax | (2,705 | ) | (7,127 | ) | (5,555 | )
Comprehensive loss | (80,326 | ) | (1,380,638 | ) | (125,025 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests | (402 | ) | (676 | ) | (50 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (79,924 | ) | $ | (1,379,962 | ) | $ | (124,975 | ) The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(in thousands )
Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014
Retained | Accumulated
Ordinary Shares | Additional | Earnings | Other | Equity
Number of | Paid-In | (accumulated | Comprehensive | attributable to | Non-controlling | Total
shares | Par Value | Capital | deficit) | Income (Loss) | Stratasys Ltd. | Interest | Equity
Balances, January 1, 2014 | 49,211 | $ | 133 | $ | 2,412,197 | $ | 85,549 | $ | 1,908 | $ | 2,499,787 | $ | - | $ | 2,499,787
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based
compensation plans | 558 | 2 | 7,904 | - | - | 7,906 | - | 7,906
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 30,207 | - | - | 30,207 | - | 30,207
Issuance of shares and options for acquisitions | 1,154 | 4 | 117,841 | - | - | 117,845 | - | 117,845
Non-controlling interests arising from acquisitions | - | - | - | - | - | - | 519 | 519
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | (119,420 | ) | (5,555 | ) | (124,975 | ) | (50 | ) | (125,025 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2014 | 50,923 | $ | 139 | $ | 2,568,149 | $ | (33,871 | ) | $ | (3,647 | ) | $ | 2,530,770 | $ | 469 | $ | 2,531,239
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based
compensation plans | 260 | * | 2,871 | - | - | 2,871 | - | 2,871
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 30,010 | - | - | 30,010 | - | 30,010
Tax deficit from stock-based compensation plans | - | - | (1,706 | ) | - | - | (1,706 | ) | - | (1,706 | )
Issuance of shares for settlements of obligations in connection
with acquisitions and other related items | 899 | 2 | 8,433 | - | - | 8,435 | - | 8,435
Adjustment to redemption value of redeemable non-controlling
interests | - | - | (1,800 | ) | - | - | (1,800 | ) | - | (1,800 | )
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | (1,372,835 | ) | (7,127 | ) | (1,379,962 | ) | (286 | ) | (1,380,248 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2015 | 52,082 | $ | 141 | $ | 2,605,957 | $ | (1,406,706 | ) | $ | (10,774 | ) | $ | 1,188,618 | $ | 183 | $ | 1,188,801
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based
compensation plans | 301 | 1 | 1,185 | - | - | 1,186 | - | 1,186
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 20,773 | - | - | 20,773 | - | 20,773
Issuance of shares for settlements of obligations in connection
with acquisitions and other related items | 256 | * | 5,214 | - | - | 5,214 | - | 5,214
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | (77,219 | ) | (2,705 | ) | (79,924 | ) | (52 | ) | (79,976 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2016 | 52,639 | $ | 142 | $ | 2,633,129 | $ | (1,483,925 | ) | $ | (13,479 | ) | $ | 1,135,867 | $ | 131 | $ | 1,135,998 * Represents an amount less
than 0.5 thousand The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Years ended December 31, | 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss | $ | (77,621 | ) | $ | (1,373,511 | ) | $ | (119,470 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
net cash provided by operating activities:
Goodwill impairment | - | 942,408 | 102,470
Impairment of other long-lived assets | 24,924 | 288,977 | 14,636
Depreciation and amortization | 92,877 | 108,395 | 109,429
Stock-based compensation | 20,773 | 30,010 | 30,207
Foreign currency transaction loss | 2,147 | 8,612 | 10,327
Deferred income taxes | (10,378 | ) | (19,129 | ) | (53,887 | )
Change in fair value of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (872 | ) | (23,671 | ) | (26,150 | )
Other non-cash items | 1,220 | 17 | 275
Change in cash attributable to changes in operating assets
and liabilities, net of the impact of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable, net | 2,009 | 25,075 | (46,717 | )
Inventories | 642 | (12,408 | ) | (39,370 | )
Net investment in sales-type leases | 5,646 | (6,497 | ) | (5,078 | )
Other current assets and prepaid expenses | 395 | 11,262 | (10,537 | )
Other non-current assets | 933 | (439 | ) | 1,558
Accounts payable | 1,969 | (1,937 | ) | (4,305 | )
Other current liabilities | (6,330 | ) | (7,464 | ) | 31,047
Deferred revenues | 3,380 | 10,141 | 12,662
Other non-current liabilities | 259 | (1,751 | ) | 6,719
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | 61,973 | (21,910 | ) | 13,816
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property and equipment | (45,125 | ) | (84,299 | ) | (60,497 | )
Proceeds from maturities of bank deposits and restricted deposits | 73,836 | 191,741 | 551,364
Investment in bank deposits and restricted deposits | (67,177 | ) | (187,264 | ) | (361,571 | )
Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired | - | (9,905 | ) | (151,057 | )
Investment in unconsolidated entities | (23,064 | ) | (250 | ) | (3,767 | )
Purchase of intangible assets | (2,002 | ) | (2,747 | ) | (3,087 | )
Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities | - | - | 1,634
Other investing activities | (457 | ) | (378 | ) | (458 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (63,989 | ) | (93,102 | ) | (27,439 | )
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from long-term debt | 26,000 | - | -
Repayment of short-term debt | - | (175,000 | ) | -
Proceeds from short-term debt | - | 125,000 | 50,000
Payment of obligations in connection with acquisitions | (1,386 | ) | (19,875 | ) | (10,795 | )
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 1,185 | 2,871 | 7,906
Acquisition of non-controlling interest | - | - | (2,170 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | 25,799 | (67,004 | ) | 44,941
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents | (1,047 | ) | (2,533 | ) | (3,265 | )
Net change in cash and cash equivalents | 22,736 | (184,549 | ) | 28,053
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 257,592 | 442,141 | 414,088
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 280,328 | $ | 257,592 | $ | 442,141 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Years ended December 31, | 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for Income taxes | $ | 5,278 | $ | 13,487 | $ | 6,241
Cash paid for interest | - | 1,514 | 235
Transfer of inventory to fixed assets | 5,085 | 8,886 | 10,933
Transfer of fixed assets to inventory | 1,068 | 3,661 | 3,819
Fair value of assets acquired in connection with acquisitions, including
$0, $509 and $6,502 of cash acquired for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively | $ | - | $ | 12,570 | $ | 360,595
Less liabilities assumed | - | (2,156 | ) | (22,416 | )
Net acquired assets | $ | - | $ | 10,414 | $ | 338,179
Cash paid for merger and acquisitions | $ | - | $ | 10,414 | $ | 157,559
Shares and other consideration | - | - | 180,620
Total consideration paid for merger and acquisitions | $ | - | $ | 10,414 | $ | 338,179 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Nature of
Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies a. Nature of
Operations Stratasys Ltd. (collectively
with its subsidiaries, the “Company”) is a 3D solutions company, offering
additive manufacturing (“AM”) solutions for the creation of parts used in the
processes of designing and manufacturing products and for the direct manufacture
of end parts across a broad range of vertical markets. The Company’s solutions
include products ranging from entry-level desktop 3D printers to systems for
rapid prototyping (“RP”) and large production systems for direct digital
manufacturing (“DDM”). The Company also develops, manufactures and sells
materials for use with its systems and provides related service offerings. The
Company also provides a variety of custom manufacturing solutions through its
direct manufacturing printed parts service as well as 3D printing related
professional services offerings. The Company has one operating
segment, which generates revenues via the sale of its 3D printing systems and
related consumables and by providing additive manufacturing solutions. The
Company operates mainly through offices in Israel, the United States, Germany,
Hong Kong and Japan. Entity-wide disclosures on net sales and property, plant
and equipment are presented in note 13. b. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies Basis of
Presentation The consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). Principles of
Consolidation The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Stratasys Ltd., its majority-owned
subsidiaries and a Variable Interest Entity (“VIE”) in which the Company is
considered the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions,
including profits from intercompany sales not yet realized outside the Company,
have been eliminated in consolidation. Functional Currency and
Foreign Currency Transactions A major part of the Company’s
operations are carried out by Stratasys Ltd. in Israel and its subsidiaries in
the United States. The functional currency of these entities is the U.S. dollar
(“dollar” or “$”). The functional currency of other subsidiaries is generally
their local currency. The financial statements of those subsidiaries are
included in the consolidated financial statements, based on translation into
U.S. dollars. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are
included in the Company’s shareholders’ equity as a component of accumulated
other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Related periodic movements are summarized as a line item in the Company’s
consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. Gains and losses arising from
foreign currency remeasurements of monetary balances denominated in
non-functional currencies are reflected in financial income (expense), net in
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
using assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates, and such differences may have a material impact on the
Company’s financial statements. As applicable to these consolidated financial
statements, the most significant estimates relate to revenue recognition,
inventories, fair value of stock-based compensation, long-lived assets,
goodwill, uncertain tax positions and contingent liabilities. Fair Value
Measurements Fair value is defined as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A
hierarchy has been established for inputs used in measuring fair value that
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable
inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. F-8 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Observable inputs are inputs
that are developed using market data, such as publicly available information
about actual events or transactions, and that reflect the assumptions that
market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. Unobservable
inputs are inputs for which market data are not available and that are developed
using the best information available about the assumptions that market
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value
hierarchy categorizes into three levels. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
reporting entity can access at the measurement date. Level 2 inputs include
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for
the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are
unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy gives
the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). Categorization within the valuation
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. Cash and Cash
Equivalents All highly liquid investments,
which include short-term bank deposits that are not restricted as to withdrawal
or use, with maturities of ninety days or less when acquired, are considered to
be cash equivalents. Accounts Receivable and Net
investment in Sales-Type Leases Accounts receivable and net
investment in sales-type leases are presented in the Company’s consolidated
balance sheets net of allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company estimates the
collectability of its accounts receivable balances and adjusts its allowance for
doubtful accounts accordingly. The Company carries its investment in sales-type
leases based on discounting the minimum lease payments by the interest rate
implicit in the lease and less an allowance for doubtful accounts (see also note
5). On a periodic basis, the
Company evaluates its accounts receivable and its investment in sales-type
leases and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on past
write-offs and collections, current credit conditions and the age of the
balances. The Company evaluates a number of factors to assess collectability,
including an evaluation of the creditworthiness of the specific customer, past
due amounts, payment history, and current economic conditions. Allowance for doubtful
accounts due to the Company’s accounts receivable amounted to $843 thousands and
$675 thousands as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Allowance for
doubtful accounts due to the Company’s investment in sales-type leases amounted
to $844 thousands and $682 thousands as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Accounts are written-off against the allowance when management
deems the accounts are no longer collectible. Changes in the allowance for
doubtful accounts are recognized in selling, general and administrative
expenses. Derivative Instruments and
Hedge Accounting The Company is exposed to
global market risks and to the risk that its earnings, cash flows and equity
could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. As part
of the Company’s risk management strategy, it uses foreign currency exchange
forward contracts to hedge against certain foreign currency exposures. The
Company does not enter into derivative transactions for trading purposes. The
Company recognizes these derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. Derivatives in a gain
position are reported in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets
and derivatives in a loss position are recorded in accrued expenses and other
current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, on a gross basis. On the date that the Company
enters into a derivative contract, it designates the derivative for accounting
purposes, as either a hedging instrument which qualifies for hedge accounting or
as a non-hedging instrument which does not qualify for hedge accounting. In
order to qualify for hedge accounting, the Company formally documents at the
inception of each hedging relationship the hedging instrument, the hedged item,
the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking each hedging
relationship, and the method used to assess hedge effectiveness. F-9 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For each hedging instrument
that hedges the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows and that
is designated and effective as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the
unrealized gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Company’s shareholders’ equity
and is reclassified into earnings in the same period and in the same line item
in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the
gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in financial
expense, net. The cash flows associated with these derivatives are reported in
the consolidated statements of cash flows consistently with the classification
of cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are
hedging. For non-hedging instruments,
the Company records the changes in fair value of derivative instruments in
financial expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. The cash flows associated with these derivatives are
consistent with the cash flows associated with the hedged item. Refer to Note 12
for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and hedging
activities. Inventories Inventories are stated at the
lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined mainly using standard
cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory
costs consist of materials, direct labor and overhead. Net realizable value is
determined based on estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business,
less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.
The Company periodically assesses inventory for obsolescence and excess balances
and reduces the carrying value by an amount equal to the difference between its
cost and the net realizable value based on assumptions of future demand and
historical sales patterns. The Company provided inventory write-downs for
obsolescence and excess inventories in the amounts of $7.7 million and $9.8 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property, Plant and
Equipment Property, plant and equipment
are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, or in
the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter of the lease term (including any
renewal periods, if appropriate) or the estimated useful life of the asset.
Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred, while betterments
and improvements that extend the useful life or add functionality of property,
plant and equipment are capitalized. Depreciation is computed
primarily over the following periods: Useful Life
in Years
Machinery and equipment | 5 - 10
Buildings | 25 - 40
Buildings improvements | 5 - 10
Computer equipment and software | 3 - 5
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures | 5 - 14 The Company reviews the
carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment for potential impairment when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. In evaluating recoverability, the Company groups assets
and liabilities at the lowest level such that the identifiable cash flows
relating to the group are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. The Company then compares the carrying amounts of the assets or
asset groups with the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows. In the
event impairment exists, an impairment charge is recorded at the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the fair value. In
addition, the remaining depreciation period for the impaired asset would be
reassessed and, if necessary, revised. During the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company recorded impairment charges of $7.0 million and $10.5
million, respectively, related to certain of property and equipment assets.
Refer to Note 6 for further information. F-10 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess
of the consideration transferred plus the fair value of any non-controlling
interest in the acquiree at the business combination date over the fair values
of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is
tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or whenever events
or circumstances present an indication of impairment. Goodwill is an asset representing the future
economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination
that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company
allocates goodwill to its reporting units based on the reporting unit expected
to benefit from the business combination. The primary items that
generate goodwill include the value of the synergies between the acquired
companies and the Company and the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which
qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. Goodwill is tested for
impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and whenever indicators of
potential impairment requires an interim goodwill impairment analysis. The
Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. If the Company performs a qualitative assessment and concludes
that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds
its carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired and the two-step
impairment test is not required. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, it
is then required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment
test. The first step requires the
Company to estimate the fair value of its reporting unit. If the fair value of
the reporting unit is determined to be greater than its carrying amount, the
applicable goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the
reporting unit’s carrying amount is determined to be greater than its fair
value, the second step must be performed to determine the implied fair value of
the reporting unit’s goodwill. The implied fair value of the reporting unit’s
goodwill is calculated by measuring the reporting unit’s assets, including any
unrecognized intangible assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests at
fair value in a hypothetical analysis as if the reporting unit was acquired in a
business combination. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill
exceeds its implied fair value, then the difference is recorded as an impairment
loss. The evaluation of goodwill
impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows of
the reporting unit being evaluated that include, among others, growth in
revenues, margins realized, level of operating expenses and cost of capital.
These assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ
from assumed and estimated amounts. During the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 the Company recorded impairment charges of $942.4
million and $102.5 million, respectively in order to reduce the carrying amount
of goodwill to its implied fair value. There was no impairment of goodwill in 2016. For further details refer to note 7. Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets and their
useful lives are as follows: Weighted Average
Useful Life
Developed technology | 6
Patents | 8
Trademarks and trade names | 9
Customer relationships | 7
Capitalized software development costs | 5
In-process research and development | Indefinite Definite life intangible
assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period
of useful life. Amortization of acquired developed technology is recorded in
cost of sales. Amortization of trade name and customer relationships is recorded
under selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company capitalizes
in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) projects acquired as part of a
business combination. On successful completion of each project, IPR&D assets
are reclassified to developed technology and amortized over their estimated
useful lives. Impairment of IPR&D assets initially capitalized as part of a
business combination are classified under research and development expenses. F-11 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For definite life intangible
assets, the Company reviews the carrying amounts for potential impairment when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. In evaluating recoverability, the Company groups assets
and liabilities at the lowest level such that the identifiable cash flows
relating to the group are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities. The Company then compares the carrying amounts of the asset or
assets groups with their respective estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If
the definite life intangible asset or assets group are determined to be
impaired, an impairment charge is recorded as the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset or assets group exceed their fair value. Fair value is determined by
using an applicable discounted cash flow model. In addition, the remaining
amortization period for the impaired asset would be reassessed and, if
necessary, revised. During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 the
Company recorded impairment charges of $16.9 million, $260.3 million and $11.6
million, respectively, related to its definite life intangible assets. Refer to
Note 8 for further information. Indefinite-life intangible
assets are not amortized but rather tested for impairment annually, or whenever
events or circumstances present an indication of impairment. The Company applies
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidance, which permits the
Company to make a qualitative assessment of whether the indefinite-lived
intangible asset is impaired, or opt to bypass the qualitative assessment and
proceed directly to determine the indefinite-lived intangible asset’s fair
value. If the Company determines, based on the qualitative tests, that it is not
more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, no
further action is required. Otherwise, the Company is required to perform the
quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-life
intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the indefinite-life intangible asset
is considered to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded as the amount by
which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. During the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 the Company recorded impairment charges
of $1.0 million, $18.2 million and $3.0 million, respectively, related to its
indefinite-life intangible assets. Refer to Note 8 for further information. Non-Marketable Equity
Investments The Company’s investments in
certain non-marketable equity securities in which it has the ability to exercise
significant influence, but does not control through variable interests or voting
interests, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and presented
as other non-current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Under
the equity method, the Company recognizes its proportionate share of the
comprehensive income or loss of the investee. The Company’s share of income and
losses from equity method investments is included in share in losses of
associated company. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company early
adopted and applied a new Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) issued by the FASB
which eliminates the requirement that an investor retrospectively apply the
equity method of accounting when an investment becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or
degree of influence. Under the new ASU the equity method investor is required to
add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current
basis of the investor's previously held interest and to adopt the equity method
of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method
accounting. Other non-marketable equity
securities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest or
significant influence are recorded at cost and presented as other non-current
assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company reviews its
investments accounted for under the cost and equity methods for possible
impairment, which generally involves an analysis of the facts and changes in
circumstances influencing the investments. There was no impairment of non-marketable equity investments during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Contingent
Liabilities The Company is subject to
various legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of
business. The outcomes of the legal proceedings that are pending as of the date
the financial statements are issued are subject to significant uncertainty. In
assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending
against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings,
the Company’s management evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief
sought or expected to be sought. Such assessment inherently involves an exercise
of judgment. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable
that loss would be incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably
estimated, then the Company would record an accrued expense in the Company’s
financial statements based on its best estimate. Loss contingencies considered
to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless material. The
respective legal fees are expensed as incurred. F-12 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Revenue
Recognition The Company derives revenue
from sales of AM systems, consumables, and services. The Company’s AM systems include software and hardware that function together to provide the essential
functionality of the tangible system. The Company recognizes revenue when (1)
persuasive evidence of a final agreement exists, (2) delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered, (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and
(4) collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from sales to
resellers are generally recognized on sell-in basis, upon shipment and when
title and risk of loss have been transferred to the resellers. When products and
services are sold to a reseller, the reseller is responsible for the
installation of the system and for other support services and therefore
considered the primary obligor in the arrangement with the end-customers. Products and services sold
directly by the Company or marketed by independent sales agents are recognized
based on the gross amount charged to the end-customer as the Company is
considered the primary obligor in the arrangement, retains general inventory
risk, establishes the price for its products and assumes the credit risk for
amounts billed to its end-customers. Revenue from sales-type leases
may include systems, other products and maintenance contracts. The Company
recognizes revenue from sales-type leases based on the net present value of
future minimum lease payments. Product revenue from sales-type leases is
generally recognized at the time of shipment. The portion of lease agreements
related to maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the
coverage period. Revenue from operating leases is recognized ratably over the
lease period. For multiple-element
arrangements the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on their
relative selling prices and recognizes revenue when each element’s revenue
recognition criteria are met. In such circumstances, the Company uses the
following hierarchy to determine the selling price to be used for allocating
revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value
(“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (“TPE”), and (iii) best
estimate of selling price (“BESP”). VSOE exists only when the
Company sells the deliverable separately and is established based on the price
charged in such stand-alone transactions. BESP reflects the Company’s best
estimates of the price at which the Company would have sold the product
regularly on a stand-alone basis. Most service revenue is
derived from the Company’s direct manufacturing printed parts services and sales
of maintenance contracts. The Company’s direct manufacturing service revenue is
recognized upon shipment of the parts, based on the terms of the sales
arrangement. The Company provides customers
with maintenance under a warranty agreement and defers a portion of the revenue
from the related printer at the time of the sale based on the relative selling
price of those services. After the initial warranty period, the Company offers
customers optional maintenance contracts ranging generally from one to three
years. Deferred maintenance revenue is recognized ratably, on a straight-line
basis, over the period of the service. Deferred revenues are derived mainly from
these prepaid maintenance agreements. The Company classifies the portion of
deferred revenue not expected to be earned in the subsequent 12 months as
long-term. The changes in deferred revenues relating to warranty commitments
were as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Balance at beginning of year | 14,100 | 15,939
Revenue deferred in the period | 22,309 | 19,413
Revenue recognized in the period | (18,854 | ) | (21,252 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | 17,555 | $ | 14,100 The Company assesses
collectability as part of the revenue recognition process. This assessment
includes a number of factors such as an evaluation of the creditworthiness of
the customer, past due amounts, past payment history, and current economic
conditions. If it is determined that collectability cannot be reasonably
assured, the Company will defer recognition of revenue until collectability is
assured. Sales and Value Added Taxes Taxes collected from customers
and remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on a net basis (excluded
from revenues) in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. F-13 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Advertising Advertising costs are expensed
as incurred and were approximately $19.4 million, $23.5 million and $23.5
million, for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Shipping and handling costs Shipping and handling costs
are classified as cost of revenues. Research and Development
Costs Research and development costs
consist primarily of employee compensation expenses, materials, laboratory
supplies, costs for related software, and costs for facilities and equipment.
Expenditures for research and development are expensed as incurred. Government
reimbursements and other participations for development of approved projects are
recognized as a reduction of expenses as the related costs are incurred. The
Company is not required to pay royalties on sales of products developed using
its government funding. Income Taxes The Company and its
subsidiaries are subject to income taxes in the jurisdictions in which they
operate. The Company’s provision for income taxes is based on statutory income
tax rates in the tax jurisdictions where it operates, permanent differences
between financial reporting and tax reporting, and available credits and
incentives. Deferred taxes are determined
utilizing the “asset and liability” method based on the estimated future tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of
assets and liabilities under the applicable tax laws, and on effective tax rates
in effect when the deferred taxes are expected to be settled or realized.
Deferred taxes for each jurisdiction are presented as a non-current net asset or
liability, net of any valuation allowances. Deferred taxes have not been
provided on the following items: 1) | Taxes that would apply in the event of disposal of investments in foreign subsidiaries, as it is generally the Company’s intention to hold these investments, not to realize them.
2) | Dividends distributable from the income of foreign companies as the Company does not expect these companies to distribute dividends in the foreseeable future. If these dividends were to be paid, the Company would have to pay additional taxes at a rate of up to 25% on the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the dividend is declared.
3) | Amounts of tax-exempt income generated from the Company’s current Approved Enterprises (see note 9c), as the Company intends to permanently reinvest these profits and does not intend to distribute dividends from such income. If these dividends were to be paid, the Company would have to pay additional taxes at a rate up to 10% on the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the dividend is declared. Valuation Allowances Valuation allowances are
provided unless it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred
tax asset will be realized. In the determination of the appropriate valuation
allowances, the Company considers future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, the most recent projections of future business results, prior
earnings history, carryback and carry forward and prudent tax strategies that
may enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. Assessments
for the realization of deferred tax assets made at a given balance sheet date
are subject to change in the future, particularly if earnings of a subsidiary
are significantly higher or lower than expected, or if the company takes
operational or tax positions that could impact the future taxable earnings of a
subsidiary. F-14 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Uncertain Tax
Positions In accordance with the FASB
guidance, the Company takes a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring
uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for
recognition by determining whether the weight of available evidence indicates
that it is more likely than not that, on an evaluation of the technical merits,
the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals
or litigation processes, if any. The second step is performed
only if the tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
and is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50%
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company reevaluates these
tax positions quarterly and makes adjustments as required. The liabilities
relating to uncertain tax positions are classified as current in the
consolidated balance sheets to the extent the Company anticipates making
payments within one year. The Company classifies interest and penalties
recognized in the financial statements relating to uncertain tax positions under
the provision for income taxes. The Company presents
unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction to deferred tax asset where a net
operating loss, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward that are
available, under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction, to offset any
additional income taxes that would result from the settlement of a tax position. Stock-Based
Compensation The Company measures and
recognizes compensation expense for its equity classified stock-based awards,
including stock-based option awards and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) under
the Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”) based on
estimated fair values on the grant date. The Company calculates the fair value
of stock-based option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of
which the most significant are the expected share price volatility and the
expected option term. The computation of expected volatility is based on
historical volatility of the Company’s shares. The expected option term is
calculated using the simplified method , as the Company concludes
that its historical share option exercise experience does not provide a
reasonable basis to estimate its expected option term. The interest rate for
periods within the expected term of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company’s expected dividend rate
is zero since the Company does not currently pay cash dividends on its shares
and does not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Each of the above
factors requires the Company to use judgment and make estimates in determining
the percentages and time periods used for the calculation. If the Company were
to use different percentages or time periods, the fair value of stock-based
option awards could be materially different. Stock-based compensation expense
for RSUs is measured based on the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares on
the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost for
option awards and RSUs on a straight-line basis over the employee’s requisite
service period (primarily a four-year period), net of estimated forfeitures. Liability classified
stock-based awards which are deemed to have a substantive cash settlement
feature are measured at each reporting date, based on their fair value until the
awards are settled. Compensation costs for these awards are expensed over the
requisite service period and adjusted for changes in fair value prorated for the
portion of the requisite service period rendered. Earnings per Share Basic earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders of
Stratasys Ltd., including adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to
its redemption amount, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
(including fully vested RSUs) outstanding for the reporting periods. In computing the Company’s
diluted earnings per share, the numerator used in the basic earnings per share
computation is adjusted for the dilutive effect, if any, of the Company’s
deferred payments liability revaluation to it fair value, as it may be settled
in shares that would result from the assumed issuance of potential ordinary
shares. The denominator for diluted earnings per share is a computation of the
weighted-average number of ordinary shares and the potential dilutive ordinary
shares outstanding during the period. Potential dilutive shares outstanding
include the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted
stock units (“RSUs”) using the treasury stock method, as well as presumed share
settlement of the Company’s deferred payments liability and other retention
settlements in connection with the acquisitions. F-15 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Restructuring The Company may incur
restructuring charges in connection with certain initiatives designed to adjust
the Company's cost and operating structure and improve efficiencies across the
Company to better align with the Company’s long-term strategic initiatives and
overall market conditions. Restructuring charges include employee severance and
associated termination costs related to the reduction of workforce, costs
related to facilities closures, impairment charges of long-lived assets and
contract termination costs. Restructuring charges for employees’ termination
costs are recognized when the required actions to execute the restructuring
initiative were performed and the initiatives are probable and costs are
estimable. Restructuring charges for facilities and contract terminations are
recognized when the Company ceased using the rights conveyed by the contract.
Significant judgments and estimates are involved in estimating the impact of
restructuring plans on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Actual
results may differ materially from these estimates. Business
Combinations The Company allocates the fair
value of consideration transferred in a business combination to the assets
acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interests in the acquired
business based on their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related
expenses and restructuring costs are recognized separately from the business
combination and are expensed as incurred. The excess of the fair value of the
consideration transferred plus the fair value of any non-controlling interest in
the acquiree over the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed in
the acquired business is recorded as goodwill. The fair value of the
consideration transferred may include a combination of cash, equity securities,
earn out payments and deferred payments. The allocation of the consideration
transferred in certain cases may be subject to revision based on the final
determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up to
one year from the acquisition date. The cumulative impact of revisions during
the measurement period is recognized in the reporting period in which the
revisions are identified. The Company includes the results of operations of the
businesses that it has acquired in its consolidated results prospectively from
the respective dates of acquisition. The Company records
obligations in connection with its business combinations at fair value on the
acquisition date. Each reporting period thereafter, the Company revalues
earn-out payments and deferred payments which are classified as liabilities and
records the changes in their fair value in the consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of
the obligations in connection with its business combinations can result from
adjustments to the discount rates, the Company’s shares price, sales and
profitability targets. These fair value measurements represent Level 3
measurements, as they are based on significant inputs not observable in the
market. Significant judgment is required in determining the assumptions utilized
as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent measurement period.
Accordingly, changes in the assumptions described above could have a material
impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations. Redeemable Non-controlling
Interests Non-controlling interests with
embedded redemption features, such as put options, whose settlement is not at
the Company’s discretion, are considered redeemable non-controlling interests.
Redeemable non-controlling interests are considered to be temporary equity and
are therefore presented as a mezzanine section between liabilities and equity on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable non-controlling interests
are measured at the greater of the initial carrying amount adjusted for the
non-controlling interest’s share of comprehensive income or loss or its
redemption value. Adjustments of redeemable non-controlling interest to its
redemption value are recorded through additional paid-in capital. Concentration of Credit
Risk Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
principally of short term bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade
receivables, investment in sales-type leases and foreign currency exchange
forward contracts. Most of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents are invested
in U.S. dollar instruments with major banks in the U.S., Israel and Europe.
Management believes that the credit risk with respect to the financial
institutions that hold the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and deposits is
low. Concentration of credit risk
with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the relatively large
number of customers and their wide geographic distribution. In addition, the
Company seeks to mitigate its credit exposures to its accounts receivable by
credit limits, credit insurance, ongoing credit evaluation and account
monitoring procedures. F-16 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have
been made to the prior years’ financial statements to conform to the current
year presentation. These reclassifications had no net effect on previously
reported results of operations. Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements In January 2017, the FASB
issued an ASU which eliminates the requirement to determine the implied fair
value of the reporting unit’s goodwill by measuring the reporting unit’s assets
and liabilities at fair value in a hypothetical analysis as if the reporting
unit was acquired in a business combination, as part of the second step of
goodwill impairment testing. Under the new guidance, goodwill impairment testing
will be performed by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its
carrying amount and recognizing an impairment charge for the amount by which the
carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. The new ASU is
effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019, and should be applied on a prospective basis.
Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim goodwill impairment testing
performed after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. In November 2016, the FASB
issued an ASU which requires entities to include amounts generally described as
restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in cash and cash equivalents
when reconciling beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on
the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods
(including interim periods within those annual reporting periods) beginning
after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted and should be adopted
retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of this guidance on its consolidated statements of cash flows. In October 2016, the FASB
issued an ASU which eliminates the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an
asset other than inventory. This ASU requires that the income tax consequences
of an intra-entity asset transfer other than inventory are recognized at the
time of the transfer, rather than when the transferred asset is sold to a third
party or otherwise recovered through use. The ASU is effective for annual
reporting periods (including interim periods within those annual reporting
periods) beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of
the beginning of an annual reporting period (as of the first interim period if
an entity issues interim financial statements). The new guidance requires
adoption on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of
adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
guidance on its consolidated financial statements. In March 2016, the FASB issued
an ASU which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting for share-based
payments, including accounting for income taxes, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows as
well as allowing an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate
the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as
they occur. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim
periods within those annual reporting periods) beginning after December 15, 2016
and all amendments of the ASU that apply must be adopted in the same period. The
Company is currently evaluating the effect that adoption of this ASU will have
on its consolidated financial statements. In February, 2016, the FASB
issued a new ASU which revises lease accounting guidance. Under the new
guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability for all leases, other than leases that meet the definition of a
short-term lease. The liability and the right-of-use asset arising from the
lease will be measured as the present value of the lease payments. The new
standard is effective for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective
transition approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the
adoption of the new lease accounting guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued
guidance on revenue from contracts with customers that will supersede the
current revenue recognition guidance. The new revenue recognition standard
provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The
core principle of the new revenue recognition standard is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new revenue
recognition standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early
adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. This standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period
presented (“full retrospective approach”) or retrospectively with the cumulative
effect recognized as of the date of adoption (“modified retrospective
approach”). The Company has developed a project plan to analyze the potential
impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures as well as its business processes, systems and controls.
This includes reviewing revenue contracts across all revenue streams and
evaluates potential differences that would result from applying the requirements
under the new guidance. Based on the analysis conducted to date, the Company
expects to adopt this standard using the modified retrospective approach and is
still currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its
consolidated financial statements. F-17 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 2. Acquisitions and
Other Significant Business Activities Year ended December 31,
2016 Investment in associated
company In June 2016, the Company made
an additional investment in the equity interests of a third party entity which
offers AM solutions. The Company increased its interest in the third party
entity from 10% to approximately 40% and has the ability to exercise significant
influence over the third party entity and therefore accounts for this investment
under the equity method of accounting. This investment is presented as other
non-current asset in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Borrowing Agreement In December 2016, the Company
entered into a secured loan agreement with Bank Hapoalim Ltd (the “Bank Loan”). Pursuant to the Bank Loan the Company borrowed $26 million initially and secured a credit line
for an additional $24 million (the “Credit Line”). The Bank Loan will mature in
December 2023 and is payable in equal consecutive quarterly principal
installments of principal and accrued interest. The repayment of the Bank Loan was secured by a first priority
lien in the name of the lender on all of the Company’s rights to its new headquarters property in Rehovot, Israel
and it contains certain subjective acceleration clauses. The Bank Loan bears
interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 3.35%. As of December 31, 2016, the Company
had not utilized the Credit Line. Year ended December 31,
2015 Transaction in
China On February 10, 2015, the
Company acquired in consideration for cash certain assets and assumed certain
liabilities of Intelligent CAD/CAM Technology Ltd., a Hong Kong company. This
acquisition was aimed to enable the Company expand its operations in the Chinese
market. Financial information giving
effect to this business combination has not been provided, as the acquisition is
not material. New Facility in Israel In April 2015, the Company
purchased the rights to land and a new building complex under construction in
Rehovot, Israel (the “new Rehovot Property”). The new Rehovot Property includes
approximately 26,300 square meters (approximately 283,900 square feet) of new
buildings complex under construction and additional building rights for
approximately 21,800 square meters (approximately 235,400 square feet). The new
Rehovot Property, which will contain two buildings, houses the Company’s Israeli
headquarters, research and development facilities and certain marketing
activities. The Company entered into the first building of its new Rehovot
Property during January, 2017. As of December 31, 2016 the Company invested in
the new Rehovot Property and its related equipment approximately $58.4 million. Restructuring plan In April 2015, the Company
initiated certain restructuring actions that are intended to focus efforts on
adjusting its cost and operating structure to better align with the market
environment, improving and iterating products, developing new 3D printing
solutions and expanding its presence in the market. These restructuring actions
included a reduction in the Company’s global workforce, consolidation of certain
facilities, closing of three retail stores and other actions designed to
streamline the Company’s operations and better position itself for market
penetration. During 2015 the Company
incurred restructuring charges of $26.2 million, including $10.4 million charges
related to workforce reductions and $15.8 million charges related to facilities
consolidation (primarily MakerBot’s facilities), impairments of associated
long-lived assets and other related costs. $9.9 million, $1.5 million and $14.8
million of these restructuring charges were included in cost of sales, research
and development, net and selling, general and administrative expenses,
respectively. Payments for one-time termination benefits in connection with
these initiatives were substantially completed in 2016. During 2016, the Company
continued to rationalize its business and executed specific actions in order to
achieve its strategic objectives and to improve operating efficiencies in light
of the ongoing market environment. The Company incurred charges of $6.6 million in connection with these initiatives. F-18 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RTC Rapid Technologies
Transaction On July 1, 2015 the Company
acquired in consideration for cash 100% of the outstanding shares of RTC Rapid
Technologies GmbH (“RTC”), which is a key channel partner in Germany. This
acquisition was aimed to strengthen the Company’s presence in Germany,
Switzerland and Austria, and enable the Company to offer full suite of Stratasys
3D printing solutions and services to the installed base of RTC. Financial information giving
effect to this business combination has not been provided as the acquisition is
not material. Termination of Credit
Facility In September 2015, the Company
terminated its $250 million five-year revolving credit facility under the credit
agreement, dated November 7, 2013, with Bank of America, N.A., or BofA, as
administrative agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto
(the “Revolving Credit Facility”). In connection with the termination of the
Revolving Credit Facility, the Company repaid all of its outstanding short-term
debt thereunder, in an amount of approximately $175 million. That payment was
made from the Company’s available cash balances. As a result of the termination
of its short-term debt under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company recorded
additional financial expense of $2.7 million which included write-off of
unamortized deferred issuance costs and fees paid for certain creditors and
other third parties. Year ended December 31,
2014 Solid Concepts Transaction On July 14, 2014 (the “Solid
Concepts transaction date”), the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of
the outstanding shares of Solid Concepts Inc. (“Solid Concepts”), an independent
additive manufacturing service bureau for total consideration of approximately
$185.4 million. This transaction has enabled the Company to expand its existing
digital manufacturing printed parts services and to create a leading strategic
platform to meet a broad range of customers’ additive manufacturing needs and
provide opportunities to leverage manufacturing services
capabilities. In exchange for 100% of the
outstanding shares of Solid Concepts, the Company issued 978,601 ordinary
shares, paid cash upon closing and was obligated to pay an additional holdback
cash payment deferred for six months, which was paid in January 2015. In
addition, the Company is obligated to pay additional deferred payments in three
separate annual installments after the Solid Concepts transaction date
(“Deferred payments”). Subject to certain requirements for cash payments, the
Company retains the discretion to settle the Deferred payments in its shares,
cash or any combination of the two. The Deferred payments are also subject to
certain adjustments based on the Company’s share price. The first and second
annual installments of the Deferred payments were settled during the third
quarter of 2015 and 2016, respectively. The Solid Concepts transaction
was accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”,
using the acquisition method of accounting with the Company as the acquirer. The
following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration transferred to
Solid Concepts stockholders for the Solid Concepts transaction: U.S. $ in thousands
Issuance of ordinary shares | $ | 97,869
Cash paid upon closing | 40,130
Holdback amount | 3,839
Deferred payments | 43,576
Total fair value of consideration transferred | $ | 185,414 The fair value of the ordinary
shares issued was determined based on the closing market price of the Company’s
ordinary shares on the Solid Concepts transaction date. The Deferred payments are
recognized as liabilities at fair value in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets and are classified as short-term and long-term obligations in connection
with acquisitions. The fair value of the Deferred payments was determined based
on the closing market price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the Solid
Concepts transaction date, adjusted to reflect a discount for lack of
marketability for the applicable periods. The discount for lack of marketability
was calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price
and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value
hierarchy. F-19 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS During the third quarter of
2016, the Company issued 152,633 ordinary shares valued at $3.1 million and paid
cash of $0.4 million to settle the second annual installment of the Deferred
payments. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company issued 118,789 ordinary
shares valued at $4.1 million and paid cash of $0.9 million to settle the first
annual installment of the Deferred payments. As of December 31, 2016 the fair
value of the remaining Deferred payment was $2.6 million. As of December 31,
2016, the total amount of the remaining deferred payments, which does not
reflect a discount for lack of marketability, was approximately $2.8 million,
based on the Company’s share price as of that date. The fair value of the Deferred
payments is primarily linked to the Company’s share price. An increase of 10% in
the Company’s share price as of December 31, 2016 would have increased the fair
value of the remaining deferred payments by $0.3 million. In addition, changes in Level
3 inputs that were used in the fair value calculation might change the fair
value of the deferred payments. A decrease of 10% in the Company’s share price
volatility used in the calculation for discount for lack of marketability as of
December 31, 2016 would increase the fair value of the Company’s Deferred
payments liability by approximately $0.2 million. During the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $0.9 million,
$23.7 million and $7.9 million, respectively, due to the revaluation of the
Deferred payments under Change in fair value of obligations in connection with
acquisitions in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. Under the terms of the
definitive agreement, certain of Solid Concepts’ employees may also qualify for
retention-related and other payments of $77.0 million, based on the Company’s
share price as of the Solid Concepts transaction date, of which, $19.6 million
was paid in cash upon closing and was expensed as incurred during the third
quarter of 2014. The remaining retention payments will be paid in three separate
annual installments (“deferred retention payments”). The first and second annual
installments of the deferred retention payments were settled during the third
quarter of 2015 and 2016, respectively. During the third quarter of 2015, the
Company issued 117,611 ordinary shares valued at $4.1 million and paid cash of
$2.8 million to settle the first annual installment of the deferred retention
payments. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company issued 103,112 ordinary
shares valued at $2.1 million and paid cash of $1.9 million to settle the second
annual installment of the deferred retention payments. Based on the Company’s
share price as of December 31, 2016, the total remaining deferred retention
payments will amount to approximately $3.5 million. The Company recorded an
expense of $0.9 million, a gain of $0.1 million and an expense of $13.1 million
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, in
connection with the deferred retention payments liability. Subject to certain
requirements for cash payments, the Company retains the discretion to settle any
of the amounts payable under the definitive agreement in its shares, cash or any
combination of the two. These amounts are also subject to certain adjustments
based on the Company’s share price. In addition to the payments
described above, the Company incurred approximately $2.9 million of costs
related to the Solid Concepts transaction that were expensed during 2014. These
costs are included in selling, general and administrative costs in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The following table summarizes
the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
Solid Concepts transaction date, prior to goodwill and other intangibles
impairment. The allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed was as follows: Allocation of Purchase
Price
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 3,225
Accounts receivable | 7,995
Inventories | 2,391
Other assets | 2,962
Property, plant and equipment | 13,952
Other intangible assets | 38,320
Goodwill | 125,433
Total assets acquired | 194,278
Accounts payable | 3,055
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 5,290
Total liabilities assumed | 8,345
Non controlling interest | 519
Net assets acquired | $ | 185,414 F-20 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The allocation of the purchase
price to the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the
recognition of intangible assets of $38.3 million, which were mainly related to
customer relationships. These intangible assets had a weighted average useful
life of approximately 6.6 years. The fair values of the
customer relationships were estimated using a discounted cash flow method with
the application of the multi-period excess earnings method. Under this method,
an intangible asset’s fair value is equal to the present value of the
incremental after-tax cash flows attributable only to the subject intangible
asset after deducting contributory asset charges. The useful life of the
intangible assets for amortization purposes was determined considering the
period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the intangible
assets adjusted as appropriate for the entity-specific factors, including legal,
regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that may limit
the useful life of intangible assets. During the year ended December
31, 2015, the Company recorded impairment charges of $12.4 million in order to
reduce the carrying amount of intangible assets related to customer
relationships to their estimated fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded additional impairment charges of $9.9 million in order to reduce
the carrying amount of these intangible assets to their estimated fair value. As a result, the remaining weighted average useful
of the intangible assets related to customer relationships was changed to 6.0 years. For further information refer to note
8. The goodwill recognized as a
result of the Solid Concepts transaction is attributable primarily to the
strategic and synergistic opportunities in the entry-level portion of the
additive manufacturing spectrum, cross-selling synergies, expanded solutions
portfolio, assembled workforce and economies of scale. The related goodwill and
intangible assets are deductible for tax purposes. During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an impairment charge in order to reduce
the carrying amount of Solid Concepts’ goodwill to its implied fair value. As a
result, as of December 31, 2015, there were no remaining goodwill balance
assigned to Solid Concepts. For further information refer to note 7. The unaudited pro forma
condensed financial results have been prepared using the acquisition method of
accounting and are based on the historical financial information of the Company
and Solid Concepts. The unaudited pro forma condensed financial results have
been prepared for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative
of the results of operations that actually would have resulted had the
acquisition of Solid Concepts occurred on January 1, 2013, or of future results
of the combined entities. The unaudited pro forma condensed financial
information does not reflect any operating efficiencies and expected realization
of cost savings or synergies associated with the acquisition. Unaudited supplemental pro
forma combined results of operations: Year ended December 31, 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands, except
per share data)
Net sales | $ | 785,385
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (106,924 | )
Net loss per ordinary share attributable to Stratasys Ltd.- basic and diluted | $ | (2.12 | ) Adjustments for the unaudited
supplemental pro forma combined results of operations are as follows: Year ended December 31, 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Adjustments due to amortization of intangibles | $ | 2,261
Adjustments due to retention bonuses | (266 | )
Adjustments due to expenses related to business combination | (26,012 | )
Adjustments due to financial expenses related to Solid Concepts
debts | (406 | )
Taxes related adjustments to the supplemental pro forma | 10,513
$ | (13,910 | ) Solid Concepts’ results of
operations were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income loss commencing July 14, 2014. Due to the full
integration of Solid Concepts’ operations to the Company’s direct manufacturing
service operations it is impracticable to present the amounts of revenues and
earnings of Solid Concepts since the acquisition date in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the period commencing July
14, 2014 through December 31, 2014. F-21 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GrabCAD transaction On September 22, 2014, the
Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of GrabCAD Inc. (“GrabCAD”),
which operates GrabCAD Workbench, a cloud based 3D computer aided-design (“CAD”)
collaboration platform enabling engineering teams to manage, share and view CAD
files as well as enhancing collaboration tools and improving accessibility
relating to 3D CAD content. The acquisition of GrabCAD was
aimed to contribute accelerated innovation and increased value to a growing
universe of customers seeking to utilize 3D printing solutions in the 3D
ecosystem. Under the terms of the
definitive agreement with GrabCAD, certain of GrabCAD’s employees may also
qualify for certain retention-related payments. Harvest
transaction On August 1, 2014, the Company
acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Harvest Technologies Inc.
(“Harvest”), a specialty additive manufacturing service bureau. The
consideration was primarily paid in the Company’s shares and the remaining
balance will be paid in cash. This transaction, together
with the Solid Concepts transaction was aimed to enable the Company to expand
its existing digital manufacturing printed parts services and to enhance its
expertise in parts production, as well as materials and systems know-how. Under
the terms of the definitive agreement with Harvest, certain of Harvest’s
employees may also qualify for certain retention-related payments. Financial information giving
effect to this business combination has not been provided as the acquisition is
not material. MakerBot Europe
transaction On August 1, 2014 the Company
acquired certain assets and liabilities of HAFNER’S BÜRO, which is MakerBot’s
reseller in Germany. This acquisition enabled the Company to expand its desktop
3D printing operations throughout the European market. The Company accounted for this
transaction as a business combination. The acquisition consideration was
attributed to net assets on the basis of the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on an appraisal performed by management, which
included a number of factors, including the assistance of independent
appraisers. Financial information giving
effect to this business combination has not been provided as the acquisition is
not material. Interfacial Solutions
transaction In April 2014, the Company
acquired certain assets and liabilities of Interfacial Solutions LLC
(“Interfacial Solutions”), a privately held provider of thermoplastics research
and development and production services. This transaction was designed to
strengthen the Company’s materials research and development skills and enable it
to become vertically integrated in material development and manufacturing and
also increase materials production space and capacity. The Company accounted for this
transaction as a business combination. The acquisition consideration was
attributed to net assets on the basis of the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on an appraisal performed by management, which
included a number of factors, including the assistance of independent
appraisers. Financial information giving
effect to this business combination has not been provided as the acquisition is
not material. F-22 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 3. Fair Value
Measurement The following tables summarize
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on
a recurring basis, by fair value hierarchy, in its consolidated balance
sheets: December 31, 2016
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Assets:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | $ | 1,440 | $ | - | $ | 1,440
Foreign exchange forward contracts
designated as hedging instruments | 37 | - | 37
Liabilities:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | (48 | ) | - | (48 | )
Foreign exchange forward contracts
designated as hedging instruments | (61 | ) | - | (61 | )
Obligations in connection with acquisitions | - | (2,619 | ) | (2,619 | )
$ | 1,368 | $ | (2,619 | ) | $ | (1,251 | )
December 31, 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Assets:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | $ | 866 | $ | - | $ | 866
Foreign exchange forward contracts
designated as hedging instruments | 23 | - | 23
Liabilities:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not
designated as hedging instruments | (432 | ) | - | (432 | )
Foreign exchange forward contracts
designated as hedging instruments | (131 | ) | - | (131 | )
Obligations in connection with acquisitions | - | (6,991 | ) | (6,991 | )
$ | 326 | $ | (6,991 | ) | $ | (6,665 | ) The Company’s foreign exchange
forward contracts are classified as Level 2, as they are not actively traded and
are valued using pricing models that use observable market inputs, including
interest rate curves and both forward and spot prices for currencies (Level 2
inputs). Other financial instruments
consist mainly of cash and cash equivalents, current and non-current
receivables, net investment in sales-type leases, bank loan, accounts payable
and other current liabilities. The fair value of these financial instruments
approximates their carrying values. The following table is a
reconciliation of the change for those financial liabilities where fair value
measurements are estimated utilizing Level 3 inputs, which consist of
obligations in connection with acquisitions: 2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Fair value as of January 1, | $ | 6,991 | $ | 35,656
Settlements | (3,500 | ) | (4,994 | )
Change in fair value recognized in earnings | (872 | ) | (23,671 | )
Fair value as of December 31, | $ | 2,619 | $ | 6,991 F-23 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company’s settlements
during 2016 and 2015 of the obligations in connection with acquisitions are
related to the deferred payments for the Solid Concepts transaction. Change in
fair value recognized in earnings during 2016 includes an unrealized gain of
approximately $0.7 million and a realized gain of $0.1 million due to
revaluation of the deferred payments in connection with the Solid Concepts
transaction. Change in fair value recognized in earnings during 2015 includes
approximately $17.5 million unrealized gain and a realized gain of $6.2 million
due to revaluation of the deferred payments in connection with the Solid
Concepts transaction. For further information on these obligations refer to note
2. Note 4.
Inventories Inventories consisted of the
following: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Finished goods | $ | 62,728 | $ | 82,219
Work-in-process | 2,389 | 2,944
Raw materials | 52,404 | 38,495
$ | 117,521 | $ | 123,658 Note 5. Net Investment
in Sales-type Leases The Company’s net investment
in sales-type leases consisted of the following: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Future minimum lease payments receivable | $ | 25,910 | $ | 31,858
Less allowance for doubtful accounts | (844 | ) | (682 | )
Net future minimum lease payment receivable | 25,066 | 31,176
Less unearned interest income | (1,223 | ) | (1,687 | )
Net investment in sales-type leases | $ | 23,843 | $ | 29,489 Future minimum lease payments
due from customers under sales-type leases as of December 31, 2016 were as
follows: Year ending December 31, | U.S. $ in thousands
2017 | $ | 13,283
2018 | 7,762
2019 | 3,217
2020 | 1,291
2021 and thereafter | 357
$ | 25,910 The interest income for
sales-type leases is recorded in financial expense, net and amounted to
approximately $1.0 million, $1.0 million and $0.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. F-24 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 6. Property, Plant
and Equipment Property, plant and equipment,
net consisted of the following: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Machinery and equipment | $ | 128,187 | $ | 114,049
Buildings and improvements | 121,970 | 104,818
Computer equipment and software | 48,917 | 48,249
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures | 16,393 | 16,400
Land | 19,591 | 19,674
335,058 | 303,190
Accumulated depreciation | (131,327 | ) | (111,348 | )
203,731 | 191,842
Construction work in progress | 4,684 | 10,092
$ | 208,415 | $ | 201,934 Depreciation expenses were
$33.8 million, $33.4 million and $26.2 million in the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During the year ended December
31, 2016, the Company recorded impairment charges of $7.0 million, related to
certain of its property and equipment assets, of which $5.1 million were related
to the Company’s software assets and were classified as selling, general and
administrative expenses. The impairment charges were determined due to changes
in management’s long-term plans regarding the expected utilization of these
assets. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded impairment
charges of $10.5 million, related to certain of its facilities in the United
States. Note 7.
Goodwill Changes in the carrying amount
of the Company’s goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as
follows: 2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in millions)
Goodwill as of January 1, | $ | 383.9 | $ | 1,323.5
Goodwill impairment charges | - | (942.4 | )
Goodwill acquired | - | 5.4
Translation differences | 1.7 | (2.7 | )
Goodwill as of December 31, | $ | 385.6 | $ | 383.9 During the fourth quarter of
2016, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment
for its Stratasys-Objet reporting unit. Following its quantitative
assessment, the Company concluded that the fair value of Stratasys-Objet
reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount by approximately 5% , with a carrying
amount of goodwill assigned to this reporting unit in the amount of $386
million. When evaluating the fair value
of Stratasys-Objet reporting unit the Company used a discounted cash flow model
which utilized Level 3 measures that represent unobservable inputs into our
valuation method. Key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value
include: (a) expected cash flow for 5 years following the assessment date which
(including expected revenue growth, costs to produce, operating profit margins
and estimated capital needs); (b) an estimated terminal value using a terminal
year growth rate of 3.1% determined based on the growth prospects of the
reporting unit; and (c) a discount rate of 14.0% based on management’s best
estimate of the after-tax weighted average cost of capital. If any of these were
to vary materially from our plans, we could face impairment of goodwill
allocated to this reporting unit in the future. F-25 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A hypothetical decrease in the growth rate
of 1% or an increase of 1% to the discount rate would reduce the fair value of
Stratasys-Objet reporting unit by approximately $46 million and $83 million,
respectively , and could trigger a potential impairment of its goodwill. Based on the Company’s assessment as of
December 31, 2016, no goodwill was determined to be impaired. Determining the fair value of
Stratasys-Objet reporting unit requires significant judgment, including
judgments about the appropriate discount rates, terminal growth rates, weighted
average costs of capital and the amount and timing of projected future cash
flows. The Company will continue to monitor the fair value of its
Stratasys-Objet reporting unit to determine whether events and changes in
circumstances such as further deterioration in the business climate or operating
results, further significant decline in our share price, changes in management’s
business strategy or downward changes of our cash flows projections, warrant
further interim impairment testing. Goodwill impairment charges
for the year ended December 31, 2015 During 2015, the Company
determined that certain indicators of potential impairment existed that required
interim goodwill impairment analysis. Accordingly, the Company performed a
quantitative two-step assessment for goodwill impairment for each of its
reporting units as described below. During the first quarter of
2015, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment
for its MakerBot reporting unit. The indicators for the quantitative assessment
for goodwill impairment for the MakerBot reporting unit included a decrease in
MakerBot’s operating results in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to the
fourth quarter of 2014 and below the Company’s previous projections, as well as
lower forecasted profitability due to increasing competition and other
deteriorated trends in the 3D desktop market. The Company updated its Makerbot
reporting unit cash flow projections and related assumptions based on the
indicators mentioned above and performed the two-step goodwill impairment test.
The updated MakerBot reporting unit’s impairment analysis performed as part of
step two of the goodwill impairment test determined that the carrying amount of
goodwill assigned to the MakerBot reporting unit exceeded its implied fair
value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-tax deductible impairment charge
of $150.4 million, in order to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill to its
implied fair value. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company determined
that additional indicators of potential impairment existed that required an
interim goodwill impairment analysis for all of its reporting units. These
indicators included a further significant decline in the Company’s market
capitalization for a sustained period and weaker than expected operating results
of its reporting units for the third quarter of 2015. These indicators along
with certain reorganization initiatives for the Company’s operations and the
increased uncertainty in the 3D printing environment resulted in changes of the
Company’s near-term cash flows projections. The lower near-term cash flows
projections reflected changes in assumptions related to organic revenue growth
rates, negative effect of exchange rate differences, costs and operating
structure, the expected timing of synergies resulted from acquisitions and the
timing of utilization of strategic opportunities in light of the overall
weakness in the uncertain 3D printing marketplace. Accordingly, the Company
updated its cash flow projections and related assumptions based on the
indicators set forth above for each of its reporting units and performed a
two-step goodwill impairment test which was completed during the fourth quarter
of 2015. The impairment analysis performed as part of the step two of the
goodwill impairment test determined that the carrying amount of goodwill
assigned exceeded its implied fair value for each of the Company’s reporting
units. Therefore, the Company recorded impairment charges in a total amount of
$792.0 million in order to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill to its implied
fair value for each of its reporting units. As of December 31, 2015, the
remaining goodwill balance was assigned to the Stratasys-Objet
reporting unit and there was no remaining goodwill balance assigned to the
Company’s other reporting units. Goodwill impairment charges
for the year ended December 31, 2014 During December 2014, the
Company determined that certain indicators of potential impairment existed to
require an additional interim goodwill impairment analysis for its MakerBot
reporting unit. The Company updated its cash flow projections and related
assumptions based on the indicators mentioned above and performed the two-step
goodwill impairment test. The updated MakerBot reporting unit’s impairment
analysis performed as part of step two of the goodwill impairment test
determined that the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the MakerBot
reporting unit exceeded its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded a
non-tax deductible impairment charge of $102.5 million, in order to reduce the
carrying amount of goodwill to its implied fair value. F-26 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 8. Other Intangible
Assets Other intangible assets
consisted of the following: December 31, 2016 | December 31, 2015
Carrying Amount, | Net | Carrying Amount, | Net
Net of | Accumulated | Book | Net of | Accumulated | Book
Impairment | Amortization | Value | Impairment | Amortization | Value
U.S. $ in thousands
Developed technology | $ | 304,766 | $ | (198,632 | ) | $ | 106,134 | $ | 306,657 | $ | (157,862 | ) | $ | 148,795
Patents | 19,009 | (12,257 | ) | 6,752 | 17,785 | (10,008 | ) | 7,777
Trademarks and trade names | 27,819 | (16,849 | ) | 10,970 | 32,443 | (14,463 | ) | 17,980
Customer relationships | 106,571 | (54,258 | ) | 52,313 | 115,957 | (41,708 | ) | 74,249
Non-compete agreements | 5,874 | (5,874 | ) | - | 5,874 | (5,874 | ) | -
Capitalized software development costs | 19,540 | (18,251 | ) | 1,289 | 20,010 | (17,351 | ) | 2,659
In process research and development | - | - | - | 1,008 | - | 1,008
$ | 483,579 | $ | (306,121 | ) | $ | 177,458 | $ | 499,734 | $ | (247,266 | ) | $ | 252,468 Other intangible assets
impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2016 During 2016, the Company
assessed the recoverability of certain of its definite-life intangibles assets
based on their projected undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from
each intangible asset. Based on the results of the recoverability assessment,
the Company determined that the carrying values of certain of its intangible
assets exceeds their undiscounted cash flows projections and therefore were not
recoverable. For those unrecoverable intangible assets that considered to be
impaired, the Company recorded impairment charges of $16.9 million during 2016,
in order to reduce the carrying amount of those intangible assets to their
estimated fair value. Impairment charges of $1.8 million related to developed
technology intangible assets were classified as costs of sales, and $ 15.1 million related to customer relationships, trade names , capitalized software development costs and patents were
classified as selling, general and administrative expenses. For its definite-life
intangible assets impairment assessments conducted throughout 2016, the Company
used discount rates of 14.0% to 15.0% based on management’s best estimate of the
after-tax weighted average cost of capital, which reflected the associated
specific risks for each intangible asset’s future cash flows. In addition, the Company recorded $1 million impairment charge for the full carrying value of its IPR&D project. Other intangible assets
impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2015 Prior to conducting the
quantitative assessments for goodwill impairment of its reporting units during
2015, the Company tested the recoverability of its reporting units' long-lived
assets, including its purchased intangible assets. The Company concluded that the
carrying amount of certain of its definite-life purchased intangible assets of
its might not be recoverable due to certain indicators of impairment including a
significant decline in the Company’s market capitalization for a sustained
period, weaker than expected operating results for 2015, certain reorganization
initiatives for the Company’s operations and certain technological trends in the
additive manufacturing industry, as well as the increased uncertainty in the 3D
printing environment. The Company assessed the
recoverability of its definite-life intangibles assets based on their projected
undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from each intangible asset.
Based on the results of the recoverability assessment, the Company determined
that the carrying values of certain of its intangible assets exceeds their
undiscounted cash flows projections and therefore were not recoverable. For
those unrecoverable intangible assets that considered to be impaired, the
Company recorded impairment charges of $260.3 million during 2015, in order to
reduce the carrying amount of those intangible assets to their estimated fair
value. Impairment charges of $191.2 million related to developed technology
intangible assets were classified as costs of sales, and $68.8 million related
to customer relationships, trade names and non-compete agreements intangible
assets were classified as selling, general and administrative expenses. For its definite-life
intangible assets impairment assessments conducted throughout 2015, the Company
used discount rates of 13.0% to 14.0% based on management’s best estimate of the
after-tax weighted average cost of capital, which reflected the associated
specific risks for each intangible asset’s future cash flows. F-27 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In addition, the Company
reviewed for impairment its indefinite-life intangible assets, which consists of
IPR&D projects. The indicators for the impairment assessment were the weaker
than expected operating results and certain reorganization initiatives along
with review of the strategic research and development roadmap which resulted in
changes in long-term projections. The Company tested for impairment certain of
its IPR&D projects, based on its projected discounted future cash flows
expected to result, by using the probability-weighted cash flow approach. Based
on the results of the impairment assessment, the Company determined that the
carrying value of certain of its IPR&D projects exceeded their fair value.
Accordingly, the Company recorded impairment charges of $18.2 million, related
to its in-process research and development projects, which were classified as
research and development expenses, in order to reduce the carrying amount of
those intangible assets to their estimated fair value. Other intangible assets
impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2014 During 2014 the Company
evaluated the recoverability of one of its developed technology asset and
recorded impairment charges of $11.6 million which were classified as costs of
sales. In addition, the Company reviewed for impairment one of its IPR&D
projects which resulted in impairment charges of $3.0 million that were
classified as research and development expenses. Amortization expense Amortization expense relating
to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, was
approximately $59.0 million, $75.0 million and $81.9 million, respectively. As
of December 31, 2016, estimated future amortization expense relating to definite
life intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter were as
follows: Estimated
amortization expense
Year ending December 31, | (U.S. $ in thousands)
2017 | $ | 34,722
2018 | 33,068
2019 | 32,173
2020 | 31,826
2021 | 31,264
Thereafter | 14,405
Total | $ | 177,458 F-28 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 9. Income Taxes a. Deferred Tax Assets and
Liabilities The components of the
Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2016 and 2015
were as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Deferred tax assets
Tax losses carry forwards | $ | 139,914 | $ | 87,718
Inventory related | 12,124 | 18,317
Intangibles assets | 38,379 | 31,890
Provision for employee related obligations | 3,568 | 7,672
Stock-based compensation expense | 6,040 | 6,214
Deferred revenue | 3,211 | 3,344
Depreciation | 1,140 | 1,994
Allowance for doubtful accounts | 645 | 776
Foreign currency losses | 587 | -
Research and development credit carry forwards | 9,998 | 8,355
Other items | 1,560 | 2,223
Gross deferred tax assets | 217,166 | 168,503
Valuation allowance | (201,376 | ) | (152,115 | )
Total deferred tax assets | $ | 15,790 | $ | 16,388
Deferred tax liabilities
Intangibles assets | $ | (17,053 | ) | $ | (28,387 | )
Foreign currency losses | - | (450 | )
Depreciation | (2,662 | ) | (1,852 | )
Total deferred tax liabilities | $ | (19,715 | ) | $ | (30,689 | )
Net deferred tax liabilities | $ | (3,925 | ) | $ | (14,301 | ) The Company’s deferred tax
assets and liabilities are classified in the consolidated balance sheets as
follows: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Deferred tax assets (under "Other non-current assets") | $ | 2,027 | $ | 1,739
Deferred tax liabilities | 5,952 | 16,040
Net deferred tax liabilities | $ | (3,925 | ) | $ | (14,301 | ) F-29 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS As of December 31, 2016, the
Company had a tax net operating losses carry-forward of approximately $381 million related to its U.S. subsidiaries, resulting in a deferred tax asset of
approximately $140 million. As a result of losses incurred by its U.S. subsidiaries in the last few years, and since the near-term realization of these
assets is uncertain, the Company provided a full valuation allowance for its
deferred tax assets related to its U.S. subsidiaries that are not expected to be
realized. Significant judgment is
required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax
assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considered
all available evidence, including past operating results, the most recent
projections for taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies. The Company reassess its valuation allowance periodically and if
future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance,
a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly. Included in the net deferred
tax liability are net operating loss and credit carryovers of $150.6 million
which expire in years ending from December 31, 2022 through December 31,
2036. In addition to the amounts
mentioned above, approximately $7.5 million of net operating losses
carry-forwards, resulting from tax deductions related to shared-based
compensation, are unrecognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The
tax benefits of these deductions will be realized only at the point at which the
deductions reduce income taxes payable. The Company believes that all
future profits in its subsidiaries will be indefinitely reinvested or that there
is no expectation to distribute any taxable dividends from these subsidiaries.
The determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability
related to the undistributed earnings is estimated as a non-material amount. b. Provision for Income
Taxes Loss before income taxes for
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was as follows: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Domestic | $ | (11,783 | ) | $ | (635,721 | ) | $ | 25,903
Foreign | (74,576 | ) | (748,110 | ) | (180,621 | )
$ | (86,359 | ) | $ | (1,383,831 | ) | $ | (154,718 | ) The components of income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Current
Domestic | $ | 6,242 | $ | 4,564 | $ | 10,650
Foreign | (5,310 | ) | 8,304 | 7,989
932 | 12,868 | 18,639
Deferred
Domestic | (9,851 | ) | (18,607 | ) | (5,177 | )
Foreign | (527 | ) | (4,581 | ) | (48,710 | )
(10,378 | ) | (23,188 | ) | (53,887 | )
Total income taxes | $ | (9,446 | ) | $ | (10,320 | ) | $ | (35,248 | ) F-30 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A reconciliation of the
statutory income tax rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 is set forth below: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Statutory tax rate | 25.0 | % | 26.5 | % | 26.5 | %
Approved and Privileged enterprise benefits | 7.0 | (0.4 | ) | 3.7
Goodwill impairment | - | (15.3 | ) | (17.3 | )
Revaluation of obligations in connection with acquisitions | - | 0.2 | 3.1
Stock compensation expense | (2.4 | ) | (0.4 | ) | (3.7 | )
Tax contingencies | (4.7 | ) | (0.3 | ) | 1.6
Non-deductible acquisition expenses | (0.2 | ) | (0.1 | ) | (0.1 | )
Earning taxed under foreign law | 34.4 | 1.4 | 9.6
Valuation allowance | (57.0 | ) | (11.0 | ) | -
Changes to the prior year’s tax assessment | 7.9 | - | -
Other | 0.9 | 0.1 | (0.6 | )
Effective income tax rate | 10.9 | % | 0.7 | % | 22.8 | % For the year ended December 31, 2016, the above rate reconciliation table reflects the Company’s valuation allowance on its US deferred tax assets, offset by the mix of foreign taxable income and loss and an income tax benefit attributable to one of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries that received a favorable tax ruling from the tax authorities. Uncertain tax positions Significant judgment is
required in evaluating the Company’s tax positions and determining its provision
for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many
transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. The Company establishes reserves for tax-related uncertainties based
on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.
These reserves are established when the Company believes that certain positions
might be challenged despite its belief that its tax return positions are fully
supportable. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and
circumstances, such as the outcome of a tax audit or changes in the tax law. The
provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes
to reserves that are considered appropriate. As of December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of $18.0 million, $13.9
million and $8.6 million, respectively. If recognized, these benefits would
favorably impact the effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and
ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 13,930 | $ | 8,552 | $ | 10,346
Additions for tax positions related to the current year | 4,039 | 4,116 | 2,705
Additions for tax positions related to previous years | 129 | 1,987 | 734
Reduction of reserve for statute expirations | (98 | ) | (725 | ) | (5,233 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | 18,000 | $ | 13,930 | $ | 8,552 The Company’s accrual for estimated interest and penalties was $384 thousand as of December 31, 2016. The Company does not expect uncertain tax positions to change
significantly over the next twelve months. The Company is subject to
income taxes in the U.S., various states, Israel and certain other foreign
jurisdictions. The Company files income tax returns in various jurisdictions
with varying statutes of limitations. Tax returns of Stratasys Inc. submitted in
the United States through 2012 tax year are considered to be final following the
completion of the Internal Revenue Service examination. Tax returns of Stratasys
Ltd. submitted in Israel through the 2012 tax year are considered to be final
following the completion of the Israeli Tax Authorities examination upon audit.
The expiration of the statute of limitations related to the various other
foreign and state income tax returns that the Company and its subsidiaries file
vary by state and foreign jurisdiction. F-31 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS c. Basis of taxation: The enacted statutory tax
rates applicable to the Company’s major subsidiaries outside of Israel are as
follows: Company incorporated in the
U.S.—tax rate of approximately 35%. Company
incorporated in Germany—tax rate of approximately 28%. Company incorporated in Hong
Kong—tax rate of 16.5%. A significant portion of the
Company’s income after the December 1, 2012 merger date is taxed in Israel. The
following is a summary of how the Company’s income is taxed in Israel: Corporate tax rates in Israel
are as follows: 2014 and 2015-26.5%, 2016-25%, 2017-24% and 2018 and
thereafter-23%. The Company elected to compute its taxable income in accordance
with Income Tax Regulations (Rules for Accounting for Foreign Investors
Companies and Certain Partnerships and Setting their Taxable Income), 1986.
Accordingly, the Company’s taxable income or loss is calculated in U.S. dollars.
Applying these regulations reduces the effect of foreign exchange rate
fluctuations (of the NIS in relation to the U.S. dollar) on the Company’s
Israeli taxable income. Tax benefits under the Law
for Encouragement of Capital Investments, 1959 (the “Investment Law”) Various industrial projects of
the Company have been granted “Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise”
status, which provides certain benefits, including tax exemptions for
undistributed income and reduced tax rates. Income not eligible for Approved
Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise benefits is taxed at the regular corporate
rate, which was 25% in 2016. The Company is a Foreign
Investors Company, or FIC, as defined by the Investment Law. FICs are entitled
to further reductions in the tax rate normally applicable to Approved
Enterprises and Beneficiary Enterprises, depending on the level of foreign
ownership. When foreign (non-Israeli) ownership equal or exceeds 90%, the
Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise income is either tax-exempt for a
limit period between two to ten years depending on the location of the
enterprise or taxable at a tax rate of 10% for a 10-year period. The Company
cannot assure that it will continue to qualify as a FIC in the future or that
the benefits described herein will be granted in the future. In the event of distribution
of dividends from the said tax-exempt income during the tax exemption period as
described above, the amount distributed will be subject to tax in respect of the
amount of dividend distributed (grossed up to reflect such pre-tax income that
it would have had to earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate
tax rate that would have been otherwise applicable if such income had not been
tax-exempted under the alternative benefits program. This rate generally ranges
from 10% to 25%, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in
each year, as explained above, Dividends paid out of income attributed to
Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise (or out of dividends received from
a company whose income is attributed to an Approved or Beneficiary Enterprise)
are generally subject to withholding tax at the source at the rate of 15%,
unless a lower rate is provided in a treaty between Israel and the shareholder’s
country of residence (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate
from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). The 15% tax rate
is limited to dividends and distributions out of income derived during the
benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12 years thereafter. After
this period, the withholding tax is applied at a rate of up to 30%, or at the
lower rate under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of
a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax
rate). In the case of an FIC, the 12-year limitation on reduced withholding tax
on dividends does not apply. The entitlement to the above
benefits is conditional upon the Company’s fulfilling the conditions stipulated
by the Investment Law and regulations published thereunder. Should the Company
fail to meet such requirements in the future, income attributable to its
Approved Enterprise and Beneficiary Enterprise programs would be subject to the
statutory Israeli corporate tax rate and the Company would be required to refund
a portion of the tax benefits already received with respect to such programs.
The refund will be subject to interest and index changes as applicable the law
or other monetary penalty. The Company does not intend to
distribute any amounts of its undistributed tax-exempt income as dividends, as
it intends to reinvest its tax-exempt income within the Company. Accordingly, no
deferred income taxes have been provided on income attributable to the Company’s
Approved or Beneficiary Enterprise programs, as the undistributed tax exempt
income is essentially permanent in duration. As of December 31, 2016,
tax-exempt income of approximately $180 million is attributable to the Company’s
various Approved and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If such tax exempt income
is distributed, it would be taxed at the reduced corporate tax rate applicable
to such income, and taxes of approximately $18 million would be incurred as of
December 31, 2016. A January 2011 amendment to
the Investment Law (the “2011 Amendment”) created alternative benefit tracks to
those previously in place, as follows: an investment grants track designed for
enterprises located in certain development zones and two new tax benefits tracks
(“Preferred Enterprise” and “Special Preferred Enterprise”), which provide for
application of a unified tax rate to all preferred income of the company, as
defined in the Investment Law. F-32 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The 2011 Amendment canceled
the availability of the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of
the Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for
income generated by a “Preferred Company” through its "Preferred Enterprise" (as
such terms are defined in the Investment Law) effective as of January 1, 2011
and thereafter. A Preferred Company is defined as either (i) a company
incorporated in Israel which is not wholly owned by a governmental entity, or
(ii) a limited partnership that: (a) was registered under the Israeli
Partnerships Ordinance, and (b) all of its limited partners are companies
incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are governmental entities; which
has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise status and is controlled and
managed from Israel. Pursuant to the 2011 Amendment, a Preferred Company was
entitled to a reduced corporate tax rate of 15% with respect to its preferred
income attributed to its Preferred Enterprise in 2011 and 2012, unless the
Preferred Enterprise was located in a certain development zone, in which case
the rate was 10%. Such corporate tax rate was reduced to 12.5% and 7%,
respectively, in 2013 and was increased to 16% and 9%, respectively, in 2014
until 2016. In 2017 and thereafter, the corporate tax rate for Preferred
Enterprise which is located in a certain development zone was decreased to 7.5%,
while the reduced corporate tax rate for other development zones remains 16%.
Income derived by a Preferred Company from a “Special Preferred Enterprise” (as
such term is defined in the Investment Law) would be entitled, during a benefits
period of 10 years, to further reduced tax rates of 8%, or 5% if the Special
Preferred Enterprise is located in a certain development zone. As of January 1,
2017, the definition for "Special Preferred Enterprise" includes less stringent
conditions. Dividends paid out of
preferred income attributed to a Preferred Enterprise or to a Special Preferred
Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of
20%, or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty (subject
to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority
allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if such dividends are paid to an
Israeli company, no tax is required to be withheld (although, if such dividends
are subsequently distributed to individuals or a non-Israeli company,
withholding tax at a rate of 20% or such lower rate as may be provided in an
applicable tax treaty will apply. In 2017-2019, dividends paid out of preferred
income attributed to a Special Preferred Enterprise, directly to a foreign
parent company, are subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 5%
(temporary provisions). The 2011 Amendment also
provided transitional provisions to address companies already enjoying current
benefits under the Investment Law. These transitional provisions provide, among
other things, that unless an irrevocable request is made to apply the provisions
of the Investment Law as amended in 2011 with respect to income to be derived as
of January 1, 2011: ● | The terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, which chose to receive grants, before the 2011 Amendment became effective, will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, and subject to certain conditions.
● | The terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, that had participated in an alternative benefits program, before the 2011 Amendment became effective will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, provided that certain conditions are met.
● | A Beneficiary Enterprise can elect to continue to benefit from the benefits provided to it before the 2011 Amendment came into effect, provided that certain conditions are met. The Company has examined the
possible effect, if any, of these provisions of the 2011 Amendment on its
financial statements and has decided, at this time, not to opt to apply the new
benefits under the 2011 Amendment. Tax benefits under the
Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969 The Company is an “Industrial
Company” as defined by the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry
(Taxation), 1969, and, as such, is entitled to certain tax benefits including
accelerated depreciation, deduction of public offering expenses in three equal
annual installments and amortization of other intangible property rights for tax
purposes. F-33 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 10. Commitments and
Contingencies a.
Commitments The Company leases certain of
its facilities under non-cancellable operating leases, which expire through
2023. Future minimum annual lease
payments under all non-cancelable operating leases with an initial term in
excess of one year as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: Minimum future
operating lease payments
Year ending December 31, | (U.S. $ in thousands)
2017 | $ | 8,960
2018 | 7,589
2019 | 4,791
2020 | 4,127
2021 | 2,990
Thereafter | 2,886
31,343 Rent expense for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $14.0 million, $14.3
million and $10.7 million, respectively. As described in note 2, in
December 2016, the Company borrowed $26 million under a secured loan agreement
in connection with its new facility in Israel. Future annual principal payments
under the Bank Loan debt as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: Loan pricipal amount
Year ending December 31, | (U.S. $ in thousands)
2017 | $ | 3,714
2018 | 3,714
2019 | 3,714
2020 | 3,714
2021 | 3,714
Thereafter | 7,430
26,000 b. Contingencies Claims Related to Company
Equity On March 4, 2013, five current
or former minority shareholders (two of whom were former directors) of the
Company filed two lawsuits against the Company in an Israeli central district
court. The lawsuits demanded that the Company amend its capitalization table such
that certain share issuances prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger to certain of
Objet’s shareholders named as defendants would be cancelled, with a consequent
issuance of additional shares to the plaintiffs to account for the subsequent
dilution to which they have been subject. The lawsuits also named as defendants
Elchanan Jaglom, Chairman of the Company’s board of directors, in one of the
lawsuits, Ilan Levin, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and director,
various shareholders of the Company who were also shareholders of Objet, and
David Reis, a director. The lawsuits alleged in
particular that a series of investments in Objet during 2002 and 2007 was
effected at a price per share that was below fair market value, thereby
illegally diluting those shareholders that did not participate in the
investments. The plaintiffs also alleged that a portion of the amount invested in
those transactions was actually invested by an investor who was already a
shareholder of Objet and allegedly acting in concert with Mr. Jaglom, and that
the interest of these two shareholders in these transactions was not properly
disclosed to the minority shareholders at the time. The lawsuits furthermore claimed that the Company effectively engaged in backdating the issuance of certain
shares, in that shares that Objet reported as having been issued in 2006 and
2007 were actually issued at a subsequent date—as late as 2009. The Company
filed its statements of defense in May 2013 denying the plaintiffs’ claims. In
2015, the court dismissed the lawsuit of one of the former directors due to lack
of cause. In February 2017, the parties reached an agreement
pursuant to which all claims were settled at no material cost to the Company .
Notice of the settlement was provided to the court with a motion for the
dismissal of the suits. F-34 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Securities Law Class
Actions On February 5, 2015, a lawsuit
styled as a class action was commenced in the United States District Court for
the District of Minnesota, naming the Company and certain of the Company’s
officers as defendants. Similar actions were filed on February 9 and 20, 2015 in
the Southern District of New York and the Eastern District of New York,
respectively. The lawsuits allege violations of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 in connection with allegedly false and misleading statements concerning the
Company’s business and prospects. The plaintiffs seek damages and awards of
reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. On April 15, 2015, the cases
were consolidated for all purposes, and on April 24, 2015, the Court entered an
order appointing lead plaintiffs and approving their selection of lead counsel
for the putative class. On July 1, 2015, lead plaintiffs filed their
consolidated complaint. On August 31, 2015, the defendants moved to dismiss the
consolidated complaint for failure to state a claim. The Court heard the motion
on December 11, 2015. On June 30, 2016, the Court granted defendants’ motion to
dismiss with prejudice and entered judgment in favor of defendants. On July 29,
2016, lead plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit from the Court’s judgment. On September 22, 2016,
lead plaintiffs filed the opening initial brief in support of their appeal. On
October 24, 2016, defendants filed their answering brief to the appeal. On
November 18, 2016, lead plaintiffs filed their reply brief in support of the
appeal. Oral arguments for appeal are scheduled for March 9, 2017. The Company is a party to
various other legal proceedings, the outcome of which, in the opinion of
management, will not have a significant adverse effect on the financial position or profitability of the Company. Note 11.
Equity a. Share
capital The Company’s issued share
capital is composed of ordinary shares at NIS 0.01 par value. Ordinary shares
confer upon their holders the right to receive notice to participate and vote in
general meetings of the Company, and the right to receive dividends if declared. As of December 31, 2016, and
2015, there were 52,639 thousands ordinary shares and 52,082 thousands ordinary
shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Company’s ordinary shares are
traded in the United States on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker
symbol “SSYS”. For significant share issuance
in connection with business combinations during the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, refer to note 2. b. Stock-based compensation
plans The Stratasys Ltd. 2012
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”), which became effective upon
closing of the Stratasys-Objet merger, provides for the grant of options,
restricted shares, restricted share units (“RSUs”) and other share-based awards
to the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees,
officers, consultants, and advisors and to any other person whose services are
considered valuable to the Company or any of its affiliates. Under the 2012
plan, options and RSUs generally have a contractual term of ten years from the
grant date. Options granted become exercisable and RSUs are vested over the
vesting period, which is normally a four-year period beginning on the grant
date, subject to the employee’s continuing service to the Company. As of
December 31, 2016, 3.0 million shares were available for equity awards under the
2012 plan. On January 1, 2017, the reserve pool under the 2012 plan was
automatically increased by 0.5 million shares. F-35 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Stock options A summary of the stock option
activity for the year ended December 31, 2016 is as follows: Weighted Average
Number of Options | Exercise Price
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2015 | 2,449,742 | $ | 39.73
Granted | 559,340 | 23.03
Exercised | (119,564 | ) | 9.91
Forfeited | (274,057 | ) | 42.74
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2016 | 2,615,461 | $ | 37.21
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2016 | 1,426,304 | $ | 38.63 The following table summarizes
information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2016: Options Outstanding | Options Exercisable
Outstanding | Weighted- Average | Exercisable
options at | Remaining | Weighted- Average | options at | Weighted- Average
Range of | December 31, | Contractual | Exercise | December 31, | Exercise
Exercise Prices | 2016 | Life in Years | Price | 2016 | Price
$ | 2.21 | - | $ | 22.16 | 666,353 | 2.21 | $ | 11.03 | $ | 604,717 | $ | 10.04
23.41 | - | 25.50 | 663,895 | 6.17 | 23.93 | 100,661 | 25.10
29.37 | - | 45.00 | 654,586 | 7.29 | 34.99 | 247,231 | 35.14
$ | 46.87 | - | $ | 120.51 | 630,627 | 4.19 | 81.16 | 473,695 | 79.82
2,615,461 | $ | 4.96 | $ | 37.21 | 1,426,304 | $ | 38.63
Aggregate intrinsic
value (U.S. $ in
thousands) | $ | 4,100 | $ | 4,082 As of December 31, 2016, the
weighted-average remaining contractual life of exercisable options was 3.6
years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2016, 2015 and 2014
was approximately $1.5 million, $4.6 million and $55.6 million,
respectively. The Company used the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of options
granted during 2016, 2015 and 2014. The following assumptions were applied in
determining the options’ fair value on their grant date: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
Risk-free interest rate | 1.1%-1.5% | 1.6% - 1.9% | 1.3% - 2.0%
Expected option term (years) | 5.2-6.0 | 6.0 | 4.2 - 6.5
Expected share price volatility | 53.6%-56.1% | 50.1%-53.5% | 45.8% - 47.6%
Dividend yield | - | - | -
Weighted average grant date fair value | $ | 12.36 | $ | 15.49 | $ | 60.82 As of December 31, 2016, the
Company had 1.2 million unvested options. As of December 31, 2016, the
unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested, equity-classified stock
options of $13.0 million is expected to be recognized as an expense on a
straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years. F-36 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Restricted Stock Units A summary of the Company’s
RSUs activity for the year ended December 31, 2016 is as follows: Weighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Number of RSUs | Value
Unvested RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2015 | 559,124 | $ | 81.35
Vested | (184,621 | ) | 94.36
Forfeited | (106,747 | ) | 81.90
Unvested RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2016 | 267,756 | $ | 72.17 The total vesting-date value
of equity classified RSUs vested during 2016 was $3.5 million. As of December
31, 2016, the unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested equity
classified RSUs of $11.5 million is expected to be recognized as an expense on a
straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years. Stock-based
compensation expense for stock options and equity classified RSUs included in
the Company’s Statements of Operations were allocated as follows: 2016 | 2015 | 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cost of sales | $ | 2,780 | $ | 5,381 | $ | 4,493
Research and development, net | 4,768 | 5,759 | 4,862
Selling, general and administrative | 13,225 | 18,870 | 20,852
Total stock-based compensation expenses | $ | 20,773 | $ | 30,010 | $ | 30,207 c. Accumulated other
comprehensive loss The following tables present
the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of
taxes for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: Year ended December 31, 2016
Net unrealized gain | Foreign currency
(loss) on cash flow | translation
hedges | adjustments | Total
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2016 | $ | (107 | ) | $ | (10,667 | ) | $ | (10,774 | )
Other comprehensive loss before
reclassifications | 523 | (2,788 | ) | (2,265 | )
Amounts reclassified from accumulated
other comprehensive loss | (440 | ) | - | (440 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss) | 83 | (2,788 | ) | (2,705 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2016 | $ | (24 | ) | $ | (13,455 | ) | $ | (13,479 | ) F-37 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year ended December 31, 2015
Net unrealized gain | Foreign currency
(loss) on cash flow | translation
hedges | adjustments | Total
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2015 | $ | (1,243 | ) | $ | (2,404 | ) | $ | (3,647 | )
Other comprehensive loss before
reclassifications | (288 | ) | (8,263 | ) | $ | (8,551 | )
Amounts reclassified from accumulated
other comprehensive loss | 1,424 | - | $ | 1,424
Other comprehensive income (loss) | 1,136 | (8,263 | ) | (7,127 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2015 | $ | (107 | ) | $ | (10,667 | ) | $ | (10,774 | ) Year ended December 31, 2014
Net unrealized gain | Foreign currency
(loss) on cash flow | translation
hedges | adjustments | Other | Total
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Balance as of January 1, 2014 | $ | 153 | $ | 1,922 | $ | (167 | ) | $ | 1,908
Other comprehensive income before
reclassifications | (2,222 | ) | (4,326 | ) | — | (6,548 | )
Amounts reclassified from accumulated
other comprehensive income | 826 | — | 167 | 993
Other comprehensive income (loss) | (1,396 | ) | (4,326 | ) | 167 | (5,555 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2014 | $ | (1,243 | ) | $ | (2,404 | ) | $ | — | $ | (3,647 | ) Realized gains and losses on
cash flow hedges were reclassified primarily to research and development, net
and selling and general and administrative expenses. Other reclassifications
from accumulated other comprehensive loss were reclassified to financial
expense, net. Note 12. Derivatives and
Hedging Activities The Company carries out
transactions involving foreign currency exchange derivative financial
instruments. The transactions are designed to hedge the Company’s exposure in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company is primarily exposed to
foreign exchange risk with respect to recognized assets and liabilities and
forecasted transactions denominated in the New Israeli Shekel (“NIS”), the Euro
and the Japanese Yen. The Company manages its foreign currency exposures on a
consolidated basis, which allows the Company to net exposures and take advantage
of any natural hedging. In addition, the Company uses derivative instruments to
reduce the net exposure to foreign exchange. Gains and losses on the hedging
instruments offset losses and gains on the hedged items. Financial markets and
currency volatility may limit the Company’s ability to hedge these exposures. F-38 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following table summarizes
the consolidated balance sheets classification and fair values of the Company’s
derivative instruments: Fair Value | Notional Amount
December 31, | December 31, | December 31, | December 31,
Balance sheet location | 2016 | 2015 | 2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Assets derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, not
designated as hedging instruments | Other current assets | $ | 1,440 | $ | 866 | $ | 39,982 | $ | 54,586
Assets derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts,
designated as cash flow hedge | Other current assets | 37 | 23 | 8,348 | 2,700
Liability derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, not | Accrued expenses and
designated as hedging instruments | other current liabilities | (48 | ) | (432 | ) | 13,273 | 35,036
Liability derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, | Accrued expenses and
designated as cash flow hedge | other current liabilities | (61 | ) | (131 | ) | 7,534 | 13,682
$ | 1,368 | $ | 326 | $ | 69,137 | $ | 106,004 As of December 31, 2016, the
Company had in effect foreign exchange forward contracts, not designated as
hedging instruments, for the conversion of $33.3 million, $8.9 million and $11.1
million into Euro, NIS and Japanese Yen, respectively. These derivatives are
primarily used to reduce the exposure of foreign currency fluctuations on
certain balance sheet items. With respect to such derivatives, gains of $2.1
million and $4.9 million were recognized under financial expense, net for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such gains partially
offset the revaluation losses of the balance sheet items, which are also
recognized under financial expense, net. As of December 31, 2016 and
2015, the Company had in effect foreign exchange forward contracts for the
conversion of $15.9 million and $16.4 million, respectively, into NIS. These
foreign exchange forward contracts were designated as cash flow hedge for
accounting purposes. The Company uses short-term cash flow hedge contracts to
reduce its exposure to variability in expected future cash flows resulting
mainly from payroll costs denominated in New Israeli Shekels. The changes in
fair value of those contracts are included in the Company’s accumulated other
comprehensive loss. These contracts mature through June, 2017. Note 13. Entity-Wide
Disclosure Net sales by geographic area
were as follows*: Year ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014
(U.S. $ in thousands)
North America (primarily the United States) | $ | 399,870 | $ | 413,017 | $ | 405,880
EMEA | 137,924 | 148,169 | 183,462
Asia Pacific | 122,998 | 122,257 | 150,475
Other | 11,666 | 12,552 | 10,312
$ | 672,458 | $ | 695,995 | $ | 750,129 *Net sales are attributed to
geographic areas based on the location of a customer. F-39 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property, plant and equipment
by geographical area were as follows: December 31,
2016 | 2015
(U.S. $ in thousands)
United States | $ | 91,230 | $ | 101,272
EMEA | 108,978 | 94,890
Asia Pacific | 7,543 | 5,030
Other | 664 | 742
$ | 208,415 | $ | 201,934 Property, plant and equipment
that were located in Israel amounted to $92.1 million and $77.0 million for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included under the
EMEA region in the above table. No single customer accounted
for 10% or more of the Company’s total net sales, or the Company’s net accounts
receivable, in any fiscal year presented. Note 14. Retirement
Plans and Employee Rights Upon Termination Israeli law generally requires
the Company to pay a severance payment upon dismissal of an employee or upon
termination of employment in certain other circumstances. The Company makes
ongoing deposits into its Israeli employee pension plans to fund their severance
liabilities. According to the general collective pension agreement in Israel,
Company deposits with respect to employees who were employed by the Company
after the agreement took effect are made in lieu of the Company’s severance
liability, therefore, no obligation is provided for in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. Severance pay liabilities with respect to
Israeli employees who were employed by the Company prior to the collective pension agreement effective date, as well as
employees who have special contractual arrangements, are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements based upon the number of years of service and their latest monthly salary. The Company’s liabilities for
those Israeli employees, in the amounts of $3.7 million and $3.8 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, are presented as other non-current liabilities in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The
liability is funded in part from the purchase of insurance policies or by the establishment of pension funds with dedicated
deposits in the funds. The amounts used to fund these liabilities are included in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets under other non-current assets. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $2.7 million deposited in these
insurance policies and pension funds. These policies are the Company’s assets. However, under employment agreements
and subject to certain limitations, any policy may be transferred to the ownership of the individual employee for whose
benefit the funds were deposited. In accordance with its current
employment agreements with certain employees, the Company makes regular deposits
with certain insurance companies for accounts controlled by each applicable
employee in order to secure the employee’s rights upon retirement. The Company
is fully relieved from any severance pay liability with respect to each such
employee after it makes the payments on behalf of the employee. The liability
accrued in respect of these employees and the amounts funded, as of the
respective agreement dates, are not reflected in the Company’s balance sheets,
as the amounts funded are not under the control and management of the Company
and the pension or severance pay risks have been irrevocably transferred to the
applicable insurance companies. For its employees in the
United States the Company has a defined contribution retirement plan (the
“Plan”) under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the “Code”) that covers eligible U.S. employees as defined in
the Plan. Participants may elect to contribute up to 50% of pre-tax annual
compensation, as defined by the Plan, up to a maximum amount prescribed by the
Code. The Company, at its discretion, makes matching contributions equal to the
lesser of $3,000 or 4 % of the participant’s annual compensation. For the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company made 401(k) Plan
contributions of approximately $ 3.8 million, $4.2 million and $2.8 million,
respectively. F-40 Table of Contents STRATASYS
LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 15. Earnings per
Share The following table presents
the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share: Year ended December 31,
2016 | 2015 | 2014
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Numerator:
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | (77,219 | ) | $ | (1,372,835 | ) | $ | (119,420 | )
Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption amount | - | (1,800 | ) | -
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. for basic loss per share | (77,219 | ) | (1,374,635 | ) | (119,420 | )
Adjustment of deferred payments liability revaluation | (830 | ) | - | -
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. for diluted loss per share | (78,049 | ) | (1,374,635 | ) | (119,420 | )
Denominator:
Add:
Weighted average shares – denominator for basic net loss per share | 52,330 | 51,592 | 50,019
Add:
Shares settlement presumed for deferred payments liability | 252 | - | -
Denominator for diluted loss per share | 52,582 | 51,592 | 50,019
Net loss per share
Basic | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | (2.39 | )
Diluted | $ | (1.48 | ) | $ | (26.64 | ) | $ | (2.39 | ) The computation of diluted net
loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 excluded
share awards of 3.1 million, 3.8 million and 2.4 million, respectively, because their inclusion would have had an
anti-dilutive effect on the diluted net loss per share. F-41 Table of Contents SCHEDULE II
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES Years ended December 31, 2016,
2015, and 2014 (U.S. $ in thousands): COLUMN A | Column B | Column C - Additions | Column D | Column E
Charged
Balances at | to | Charged to | Balances
beginning | costs and | other | at end
Description | of period | expenses | accounts | Deductions | of period
Reserve for bad debts and allowances
Year ended December 31, 2016 | $ | 1,357 | $ | 991 | $ | - | $ | 661 | $ | 1,687
Year ended December 31, 2015 | $ | 1,477 | $ | 514 | $ | - | $ | 634 | $ | 1,357
Year ended December 31, 2014 | $ | 1,987 | $ | 958 | $ | - | $ | 1,468 | $ | 1,477
Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets
Year ended December 31, 2016 | $ | 152,115 | $ | 49,261 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 201,376
Year ended December 31, 2015 | $ | - | $ | 152,115 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 152,115 S-1 Table of Contents ITEM 19.
EXHIBITS. Please see the exhibit index
incorporated herein by reference. 101 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The registrant hereby
certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that
it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report
filed on its behalf. STRATASYS LTD.
/s/ Ilan Levin
Ilan Levin
Chief Executive Officer
March 9, 2017 102 Table of Contents EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit
Number | Document Description
1.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (1)
1.2 | Memorandum of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (2)
2.1 | Specimen ordinary share certificate of Stratasys Ltd. (3)
4.1 | Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Stock Option and Restricted Stock Incentive Plan(4)
4.2.1 | Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (5)
4.2.2 | Amendment to Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (6)
4.3 | Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Stratasys Ltd. and each of its directors and executive officers (7)
4.4 | Employment Agreement, dated June 27, 2011, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.) and Ilan Levin (8)
4.5 | OEM Purchase and License Agreement, effective as of May 5, 2011, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) and Ricoh Printing Systems America, Inc. (9)
4.6 | Assignment, dated October 23, 1989, from S. Scott Crump to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for an apparatus and method for creating three-dimensional objects (10)
4.7 | Assignment, dated June 5, 1992, from S. Scott Crump to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for a modeling apparatus for three dimensional objects (10)
4.8 | Assignment, dated June 1, 1994, from S. Scott Crump, James W. Comb, William R. Priedeman, Jr., and Robert Zinniel to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for a process and apparatus of support removal for three-dimensional modeling (10)
4.9 | Stratasys Ltd. Compensation Policy for Executive Officers and Directors (11)
8.1 | Subsidiary List of Stratasys Ltd.
12.1 | Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act
12.2 | Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act
13 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
15.1 | Consent of Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm
101 | The following financial information from Stratasys Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. Users of this data are advised, in accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T promulgated by the SEC, that this Interactive Data File is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under those sections. Table of Contents ____________________ (1) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant’s proxy statement for its February 3, 2015 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on January 6, 2015
(2) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(3) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(4) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(5) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(6) | Incorporated by reference to Proposal 3 of the registrant’s proxy statement for its February 2013 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on January 28, 2013
(7) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(8) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 33-99108) filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(9) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012#
(10) | Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Stratasys, Inc.’s registration statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No. 333- 99108) filed with the SEC on December 20, 1995
(11) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the registrant’s proxy statement for its February 3, 2015 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on January 6, 2015 # Portions of this exhibit
have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a confidential
treatment request.