DEF 14A 1 w81988def14a.htm DEF 14A def14a Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o
Check the appropriate box:
o Preliminary Proxy Statement | o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
þ Definitive Proxy Statement
o Definitive Additional Materials
o Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 USEC INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the
Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ No fee required. o Fee computed on table
below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 1. Title of each class of securities to which transaction
applies: 2. Aggregate number of securities to which transaction
applies: 3. | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): 4. Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 5. Total fee paid: o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing. 1. Amount previously paid: 2. Form, schedule or registration statement no.: 3. Filing party: 4. Date filed: Table of Contents USEC
 Inc. Two Democracy Center 6903 Rockledge Drive Bethesda, Maryland 20817 March 17, 2011 Dear Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend our annual meeting of
 shareholders to be held on Thursday, April 28, 2011, at
 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, at the Marriott Bethesda North
 Hotel and Conference Center, 5701 Marinelli Road, North
 Bethesda, Maryland 20852. At the meeting, you will be asked to vote on each of the five
 proposals set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders, which describes the formal business to be
 conducted at the annual meeting and follows this letter. Your vote is important no matter how many shares you own. We
 encourage you to vote your shares today. You may vote by
 completing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the
 postage-paid envelope provided or by using telephone or Internet
 voting systems. If you do attend the meeting and desire to vote
 in person, you may do so even though you have previously
 submitted your proxy. We appreciate your continued confidence in the Company and look
 forward to seeing you at the annual meeting. Sincerely, James R. Mellor | John K. Welch
Chairman of the Board | President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents USEC
 Inc. Two Democracy Center 6903 Rockledge Drive Bethesda, Maryland 20817 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
 SHAREHOLDERS To Be Held April 28,
 2011 The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of USEC Inc. will be held on
 Thursday, April 28, 2011, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time,
 at the Marriott Bethesda North Hotel and Conference Center, 5701
 Marinelli Road, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, for the
 following purpose: 1. To elect the eleven director nominees for a term of one
 year; 2. To hold an advisory vote on executive compensation; 3. To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of holding an
 advisory vote on executive compensation; 4. To approve an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity
 Incentive Plan; 5. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011; and 6. To transact such other business as may properly come
 before the meeting or any adjournments thereof. We are enclosing a copy of the Company’s Annual Report for
 the year ended December 31, 2010 with this Notice and Proxy
 Statement. The record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice
 of, and to vote at, the meeting was the close of business on
 March 4, 2011. Please complete and return the enclosed
 proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided at your
 earliest convenience, or use telephone or Internet voting
 systems to vote your shares. By Order of the Board of Directors, Peter B. Saba Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Bethesda, Maryland March 17, 2011 2011
 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF
 CONTENTS Page
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MEETING AND VOTING | 1
PROPOSAL 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 5
GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY | 10
Governance Information | 10
Our Governance Guidelines | 10
Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors | 10
Communications with the Board of Directors | 10
Director Independence | 10
Investor-Designated Directors | 11
Criteria for Board Membership | 11
Director Nominations by Shareholders | 12
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight | 12
Code of Business Conduct | 13
Transactions with Related Persons | 13
Corporate Governance Information | 13
Board and Committee Membership | 13
Audit and Finance Committee | 14
Compensation Committee | 15
Nominating and Governance Committee | 15
Regulatory and Government Affairs Committee | 15
Technology and Competition Committee | 16
Compensation of Directors | 16
Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangement | 16
Director Deferred Compensation Plan | 16
Director Stock Ownership Guidelines | 17
Director Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 | 17
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 19
SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE | 20
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 21
Compensation Discussion and Analysis | 21
Compensation Committee Report | 40
Risk Assessment of the Compensation Programs | 40
Summary Compensation Table | 41
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2010 | 43
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End December 31, 2010 | 43
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2010 | 45
Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010 | 46
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 | 48
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control | 49
Equity Compensation Plan Information | 53
PROPOSAL 2. ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 54
PROPOSAL 3. ADVISORY VOTE ON FREQUENCY OF AN ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 55
PROPOSAL 4. APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE USEC INC. 2009 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN | 56
PROPOSAL 5. RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS | 64
Audit and Non-Audit Fees | 65
AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT | 66
DATE FOR SUBMISSION OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND OTHER INFORMATION | 67
Date for Submission of Shareholder Proposals | 67
Other Matters | 67
Annex A - Proposed First Amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan | A-1 Table of Contents USEC
 Inc. Two Democracy Center 6903 Rockledge Drive Bethesda, Maryland 20817 Important
 Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to Be Held on April 28,
 2011 This
 proxy statement and our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2010 are available at http://bnymellon.mobular.net/bnymellon/USU . PROXY
 STATEMENT We are providing these proxy materials in connection with the
 solicitation by the Board of Directors of USEC Inc. of proxies
 to be voted at USEC Inc.’s (“USEC,” the
 “Company,” “we,” “us,” or
 “our”) 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The
 meeting will be held at the Marriott Bethesda North Hotel and
 Conference Center, 5701 Marinelli Road, North Bethesda,
 Maryland, on April 28, 2011, beginning at 10:00 a.m.,
 Eastern Time. The proxies also may be voted at any adjournments
 or postponements of the meeting. This Proxy Statement, proxy card and our Annual Report for the
 year ended December 31, 2010 are being mailed starting on
 approximately March 18, 2011. QUESTIONS
 AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MEETING AND VOTING What
 matters will be voted on at the Annual Meeting? The following matters will be voted on at the Annual Meeting: • | Proposal 1: To elect the eleven director nominees for a term of one year;
• | Proposal 2: To hold an advisory vote on executive compensation;
• | Proposal 3: To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of holding an advisory vote on executive compensation;
• | Proposal 4: To approve an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan;
• | Proposal 5: To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011; and
• | Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments thereof. How does
 the board of directors recommend that I vote? The board of directors recommends that you vote: • | FOR the election of the eleven director nominees for a term of one year;
• | FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers;
• | FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of a triennial advisory vote on executive compensation;
• | FOR the approval of an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan; and
• | FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011. Table of Contents Who may
 vote at the meeting? Holders of USEC Inc. common stock at the close of business on
 the record date of March 4, 2011 may vote at the
 meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each share of common
 stock you held on the record date, including shares: • | held directly in your name with our transfer agent, BNY Mellon Shareowner Services, as a “shareholder of record;”
• | held for you in an account with a broker, bank or other nominee (shares held in “street name” for a “beneficial owner”); and
• | held for you under a USEC employee stock ownership plan with our plan administrator, BNY Mellon Shareowner Services, or under the USEC 401(k) plan with our plan administrator, Fidelity (each a “USEC stock ownership plan”). How many
 shares must be present to hold the meeting? A majority of USEC’s outstanding shares of common stock as
 of the record date, March 4, 2011, must be present at the
 meeting in order to hold the meeting and conduct business. This
 is called a quorum. On the record date, there were
 122,067,721 shares of USEC common stock outstanding, each
 entitled to one vote. Your shares are counted as present at the
 meeting if you are present and vote in person at the meeting or
 have properly submitted a proxy card or voting instructions
 prior to the meeting. What is
 the effect of a broker non-vote? Banks, brokers, or nominees who hold shares for a beneficial
 owner have the discretion to vote on routine proposals when they
 have not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner
 at least ten days prior to the annual meeting. A “broker
 non-vote” occurs when a bank, broker or nominee holding
 shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular
 matter because it has not received voting instructions from the
 beneficial owner and does not have discretionary voting power
 for that particular matter. Broker non-votes will be counted for
 purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present at the
 annual meeting but will not be counted for purposes of
 determining the number of votes present in person or represented
 by proxy and entitled to vote with respect to a particular
 proposal. Thus, a broker non-vote will not impact our ability to
 obtain a quorum and will not otherwise affect the outcome of the
 vote on a proposal that requires a plurality of the votes cast
 (Proposals 1 and 3) or the approval of a majority of
 the votes present in person or represented by proxy and entitled
 to vote (Proposals 2, 4 and 5). What is
 the required vote for each proposal? Broker Discretionary
Proposal | Vote Required | Voting Allowed
Proposal 1 — Election of the eleven director nominees for a term of one year | Plurality of votes cast | No
Proposal 2 — Advisory vote on executive compensation | Majority of shares entitled to vote and present in person or represented by proxy | No
Proposal 3 — Advisory vote on the frequency of advisory vote on executive compensation | Plurality of votes cast | No
Proposal 4 — Approval of an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan | Majority of shares entitled to vote and present in person or represented by proxy | No
Proposal 5 — Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011 | Majority of shares entitled to vote and present in person or represented by proxy | Yes 2 Table of Contents How do I
 vote my shares? You may vote using any of the following methods: Shareholders
 of Record • | By Mail. If you are a shareholder of record or hold shares through a USEC stock ownership plan, be sure to complete, sign and date the proxy card accompanying this Proxy Statement and return it in the prepaid envelope. You should sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy card. If you are signing in a representative capacity (for example as guardian, executor, trustee, custodian, attorney or officer of a corporation), you should indicate your name and title or capacity. If you are a shareholder of record and you return your signed proxy card but do not indicate your voting preferences, the persons named as proxies in the proxy card will vote the shares represented by that proxy as recommended by the Board of Directors.
• | By telephone or over the Internet. You can vote by calling the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card and following the voice prompts that you hear during the call. By following the voice prompts, you may vote your shares and confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. The website for Internet voting is http://www.proxyvoting.com/USU . As with telephone voting, you can confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. Telephone and Internet voting facilities for shareholders of record will be available 24 hours a day. Proxies submitted by telephone or the Internet must be received by 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 28, 2011. If you vote by telephone or on the Internet, you should not separately return your proxy card or voting instruction card.
• | In person at the annual meeting. If you choose to vote at the annual meeting, you may vote by the ballot provided at the meeting. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote by completing, signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or by voting using the Internet or telephone so your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. If you decide to change your vote at the meeting, you may do so by voting in person at the meeting. If you hold your shares through a USEC stock ownership plan, you cannot vote in person at the annual meeting. Please vote by signing and dating your proxy card and mailing it in the postage-paid envelope provided or by using the Internet or telephone. Beneficial
 Owners If you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by
 a broker, bank or other nominee, be sure to complete, sign and
 return the voting instruction card received from your broker,
 bank or other nominee. The availability of telephone and
 Internet voting for beneficial owners will depend on the voting
 processes of your broker, bank or other nominee. Therefore, we
 recommend that you follow the voting instructions in the
 materials you receive. Shares held beneficially may be voted at
 the annual meeting only if you obtain and bring with you to the
 annual meeting a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other
 nominee. What if I
 do not specify a choice for a matter when returning a
 proxy? Shareholders should specify their choice for each matter on the
 enclosed proxy card. If you just sign and submit your proxy card
 without marking your vote, your shares will be voted: • | Proposal 1: FOR the election of the eleven director nominees for a term of one year;
• | Proposal 2: FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers;
• | Proposal 3: FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of a triennial advisory vote on executive compensation;
• | Proposal 4: FOR the approval of an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan; and 3 Table of Contents • | Proposal 5: FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011. May I
 revoke my proxy and change my vote? You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the
 annual meeting by: • | submitting a properly executed proxy card with a later date, which proxy card is received prior to the date of the annual meeting;
• | delivering to the Secretary of USEC, prior to the date of the annual meeting, a written notice of revocation bearing a later date than the proxy; or
• | voting in person at the annual meeting. How are
 proxies solicited and what are the costs? We have hired Morrow & Co., LLC, located at
 470 West Avenue, Stamford, Connecticut 06902, to assist us
 in soliciting proxies from brokers, banks and nominees and we
 will pay Morrow & Co., LLC a fee of approximately
 $10,000, plus expenses, for these services. We will reimburse
 banks, brokerage houses, and other institutions, custodians,
 nominees, and fiduciaries for reasonable expenses in forwarding
 proxy material to their principals. Our directors, officers, and
 employees may also solicit proxies by mail, e-mail, telephone or personal contact. They will not receive additional
 compensation for these activities. What is
 householding? If you and other residents at your mailing address own shares of
 USEC stock in “street name,” your broker, bank or
 other nominee may have notified you that your household will
 receive only one annual report, proxy statement and Notice of
 Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for each company in
 which you hold stock through that broker or bank or other
 nominee. This practice is known as “householding.”
 Unless you responded that you did not want to participate in
 “householding,” you were deemed to have consented to
 the process. Your broker, bank or other nominee will send one
 copy of our annual report, proxy statement and Notice of
 Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to your address. Each
 shareholder will continue to receive a separate proxy card or
 voting instruction card. If you would like to receive your own set of USEC’s future
 annual report, proxy statement and Notice of Internet
 Availability of Proxy Materials or if you share an address with
 another USEC shareholder and together both of you would like to
 receive only a single set of USEC annual disclosure documents,
 please contact Broadridge Financial Solutions, Householding
 Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717 or call
 them at (800) 542-1061. Be sure to indicate your name, the name of your brokerage firm
 or bank or other nominee, and your account number. Any
 revocation of your consent to householding will be effective
 30 days following its receipt. If you did not receive an individual copy of this year’s
 proxy statement, our annual report, or the Notice of Internet
 Availability of Proxy Materials, we will promptly send a copy to
 you if you address a written request to USEC Inc., Two Democracy
 Center, 6903 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland 20817,
 Attention: Investor Relations or call (301) 564-3354. How can I
 find out the results of the annual meeting? Preliminary results will be announced at the annual meeting.
 Final results also will be published in a current report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four business days after the
 annual meeting. If the official results are not available at
 that time, we will provide preliminary voting results in the Form 8-K and will provide the final results in an amendment to the Form 8-K as soon as they become available. 4 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1.
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The current structure of our Board of Directors consists of
 eleven directors elected by the holders of USEC Inc. common
 stock and two directors elected by the holders of the
 Company’s convertible preferred stock, as described below
 under “Governance of the Company — Governance
 Information — Investor-Designated Directors.” At the 2011 annual meeting, eleven directors are to be elected
 to hold office until the 2012 annual meeting and until their
 successors have been elected and qualified. The eleven nominees
 for election at the 2011 annual meeting are listed below, with
 brief biographies. They are all presently USEC directors.
 Mr. Cornelius, Mr. Skowronski and Mr. Smith were
 elected to the board of directors in 2011 as part of a Board
 search process. The board of directors has determined that all
 nominees except John K. Welch, President and CEO, satisfy the
 New York Stock Exchange’s definition of independent
 director. All nominees have consented to serve if elected, but
 if any nominee becomes unavailable to serve, the persons named
 as proxies may exercise their discretion to vote for a
 substitute nominee. The Board
 recommends a vote FOR the election of these eleven nominees as
 directors. NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR James R. Mellor | Director since 1998 Age 80
Mr. Mellor retired in 1997 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation, a company engaged in shipbuilding and marine systems, land and amphibious combat systems, information systems, and business aviation businesses, a position he held since 1994. Prior to assuming that position, Mr. Mellor was President and Chief Executive Officer from 1993 to 1994 and was previously President and Chief Operating Officer of General Dynamics. Mr. Mellor served as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from December 2004 to October 2005. Mr. Mellor previously served on the Board of Directors of AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Computer Sciences Corporation, Net2Phone, Inc. and IDT Corporation.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Mellor, the Board considered the following key competencies: USEC leadership as current Chairman and formerly as interim CEO; CEO experience; government contracting experience; and public company board experience. Mr. Mellor has served as USEC’s Chairman since USEC’s privatization in 1998.
Michael H. Armacost | Director since 2002 Age 73
Mr. Armacost is a Walter H. Shorenstein distinguished fellow and visiting professor in the Asia/Pacific Research Center at Stanford University. Mr. Armacost served as President and a Trustee of The Brookings Institution from 1995 to 2002. He served as Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs from 1984 to 1989, as U.S. Ambassador to Japan from 1989 to 1993 and to the Philippines from 1982 to 1984. Mr. Armacost also serves on the Board of Directors of AFLAC Inc. Mr. Armacost previously served on the Board of Directors of Applied Materials Inc. and Cargill, Incorporated.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Armacost, the Board considered the following key competencies: government and public policy experience; international experience; and public company board experience. 5 Table of Contents Joyce F. Brown | Director since 1998 Age 64
Dr. Brown is the President of the Fashion Institute of Technology of the State University of New York, a position she has held since 1998. From 1994 to 1997, Dr. Brown was a professor of clinical psychology at the City University of New York, where she previously held several Vice Chancellor positions. From 1993 to 1994, she served as the Deputy Mayor for Public and Community Affairs in the Office of the Mayor of the City of New York. Dr. Brown also serves on the Board of Directors of Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation. Dr. Brown previously served on the Board of Directors of Linens & Things and the PAXAR Corporation.
In recommending the re-election of Dr. Brown, the Board considered the following key competencies: executive experience; public relations experience; government experience; and public company board experience. Dr. Brown has been a member of USEC’s Board since its privatization in 1998.
Sigmund L. Cornelius | Director since 2011 Age 56
Mr. Cornelius retired in January 2011 from ConocoPhillips, an integrated energy company, where he was Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Cornelius served as Senior Vice President, Planning, Strategy and Corporate Affairs from 2007 to 2008, having previously served as President, Exploration and Production — Lower 48 from 2006 to 2007 and President, Global Gas from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Cornelius joined ConocoPhillips predecessor Conoco Inc. in 1980. Mr. Cornelius also serves on the Board of Directors of Carbo Ceramics Inc.
Mr. Cornelius was appointed to the Board effective March 2011 following a board search process. In recommending the election of Mr. Cornelius, the Board considered the following key competencies: CFO experience; audit committee financial expert; energy experience; business operations experience; and public company board experience.
Joseph T. Doyle | Director since 2006 Age 63
Mr. Doyle is a consultant to and a director of several for profit companies and not for profit organizations. From July 2002 through March 2003, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Foster Wheeler, Inc. Prior to joining Foster Wheeler, Mr. Doyle was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Office Products from 1998 through 2001, Chief Financial Officer of Westinghouse Electric Company’s Industrial Group from 1996 through 1998, and Chief Financial Officer of Allison Engine Company (now Rolls Royce Allison) from 1994 through 1996. U.S. Office Products filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in March 2001.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Doyle, the Board considered the following key competencies: CFO and 17 years of public accounting experience; audit committee financial expert; internal audit experience; nuclear submarine and nuclear energy and power experience; and engineering and construction experience. 6 Table of Contents H. William Habermeyer | Director since 2008 Age 68
Mr. Habermeyer retired in 2006 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Progress Energy Florida, a subsidiary of Progress Energy, Inc., a diversified energy company. Mr. Habermeyer joined Progress Energy predecessor, Carolina Power & Light in 1993 and served as Vice President of Nuclear Services and Environmental Support, Vice President of Nuclear Engineering, and Vice President of the Western Region in North Carolina, before assuming the role of President and Chief Executive Officer of Progress Energy Florida in 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Habermeyer had a 28-year career in the U.S. Navy, retiring as a Rear Admiral. Mr. Habermeyer also serves on the Board of Directors of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and Southern Company.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Habermeyer, the Board considered the following key competencies: CEO experience; business operations experience, including operating and managing nuclear powered submarines and commercial nuclear power plants; nuclear engineering experience; electric utility experience; and public company board experience.
William J. Madia | Director since 2008 Age 63
Dr. Madia is a vice president at Stanford University responsible for oversight of the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, a U.S. Department of Energy national science lab. Dr. Madia retired in 2007 as Executive Vice President of Laboratory Operations of the Battelle Memorial Institute, a non-profit independent research and development organization, where he oversaw the management or co-management of six Department of Energy National Laboratories. Dr. Madia served in that position since 1999. In addition, he was President and CEO of UT-Battelle, LLC, he managed Battelle’s global environmental business, served as president of Battelle Technology International, director of Battelle’s Columbus Laboratories, and corporate vice president and general manager of Battelle’s Project Management Division.
In recommending the re-election of Dr. Madia, the Board considered the following key competencies: science and technology experience; nuclear experience; DOE experience, including the management of six DOE laboratories; and executive and management experience.
W. Henson Moore | Director since 2001 Age 71
Mr. Moore was President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Forest and Paper Association, the national trade association of the forest, paper and wood products industry, from 1995 to 2006. He was also President of the International Council of Forest Product Associations from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Moore was previously Deputy Secretary of Energy from 1989 to 1992 and in 1992 became Deputy Chief of Staff for President George Bush. From 1975 to 1987 he represented the Sixth Congressional District of Louisiana in the U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. Moore also serves on the Board of Directors of Domtar Corporation.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Moore, the Board considered the following key competencies: DOE experience; political affairs experience; legal experience; CEO experience; international experience; and public company board experience. 7 Table of Contents Walter E. Skowronski | Director since 2011 Age 62
Mr. Skowronski retired in 2009 as Senior Vice President of The Boeing Company and President, Boeing Capital Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, a position he held from 2003 to 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Skowronski was Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of The Boeing Company from 1999 to 2003. Prior to joining Boeing, Mr. Skowronski was Vice President and Treasurer of Lockheed Martin and its predecessor Lockheed Corporation from 1992 to 1999 after joining Lockheed Corporation in 1990.
Mr. Skowronski was appointed to the Board effective March 2011 following a board search process. In recommending the election of Mr. Skowronski, the Board considered the following key competencies: finance experience, audit committee financial expert; government contracting experience; and business operations experience.
M. Richard Smith | Director since 2011 Age 63
Mr. Smith retired in 2007 as Senior Vice President and President of Fossil Power of Bechtel Corporation, a global project execution company. During his 25-year Bechtel career he held other senior positions in engineering, construction and project management including Chief Executive Officer of Intergen and Senior Vice President of USGen, both Bechtel joint ventures, and Executive Vice President of Bechtel Enterprises. Since his retirement Mr. Smith has served as a consultant and director to Sithe Global Power LLC, an international power development company and Skyfuel Inc., a solar technology company. Mr. Smith also currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Instituform Technologies, Inc. and of McGrath RentCorp. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Evergreen Energy Inc.
Mr. Smith was appointed to the Board effective January 2011 following a board search process. In recommending the election of Mr. Smith, the Board considered the following key competencies: senior executive experience; engineering, construction and project management experience; and public company board experience.
John K. Welch | Director since 2005 Age 61
Mr. Welch has been President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2005. Prior to joining USEC, he served as a consultant to several government and corporate entities. He was Executive Vice President and Group Executive, Marine Systems at General Dynamics Corporation from March 2002 to March 2003, and Senior Vice President and Group Executive, Marine Systems from January 2000 to March 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Welch held several executive positions over a ten-year period at General Dynamic’s Electric Boat Corporation, including President from 1995 to 2000. Mr. Welch currently serves on the Board of Directors of Battelle Memorial Institute and Precision Custom Components Inc.
In recommending the re-election of Mr. Welch, the Board considered the following key competencies: current service as USEC CEO; other executive experience; nuclear and defense experience; professional engineer experience; and manufacturing experience. 8 Table of Contents OTHER DIRECTORS Biographical information, including relevant business and
 professional experience for each of the investor-designated
 directors is provided below: Hiroshi Sakamoto | Director since 2010 Age 54
Mr. Sakamoto has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Toshiba Nuclear Energy Holdings (US) Inc., a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation, since April 2007. Since April 2008, Mr. Sakamoto has also served as Senior Vice President and Board Director, Toshiba America Nuclear Energy Corporation, also a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation. Mr. Sakamoto joined Toshiba Corporation in April 1981 and has held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility over his career, including Vice President for Nuclear Business Development from April 2003 to September 2009 and Senior Manager for Nuclear Energy Engineering from October 2001 to March 2003 at Toshiba International Corporation, a subsidiary of Toshiba Corporation focusing on the energy business. Mr. Sakamoto has a Bachelors Degree and a Masters Degree in Nuclear Engineering from Kyoto University.
Michael S. Taff | Director since 2010 Age 48
Mr. Taff has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Babcock & Wilcox Company since its spin-off from McDermott International, Inc. in July 2010. From April 2007 until that date, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of McDermott. Previously, he was Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of McDermott since June 2005, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HMT Inc. (an engineering and construction company) from June 2004 to June 2005, and Vice President and Corporate Controller of Philip Services Corporation (a provider of industrial, environmental, transportation and container services) from September 1994 to May 2004. 9 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE
 OF THE COMPANY Governance
 Information Our
 Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted Governance Guidelines, which serve as
 principles addressing the role of the Board of Directors in the
 areas of fiduciary oversight, independence, evaluation of the
 chief executive officer, and succession planning. The Governance
 Guidelines also set standards relating to the composition and
 operation of the Board and its committees, including standards
 relating to the selection and qualification of directors,
 evaluation of the Board and its committees, and director
 education. The Governance Guidelines are administered by the
 Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee, which
 regularly reviews director criteria and qualifications, and
 leads the performance assessments of the Board and its
 Committees. The Board annually assesses the adequacy and
 effectiveness of its Governance Guidelines. Copies of the
 current Governance Guidelines are available on our website at www.usec.com under “Corporate Governance” or
 upon written request, addressed to the Secretary, USEC Inc. at
 Two Democracy Center, 6903 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland
 20817. Executive
 Sessions of Non-Management Directors Our Governance Guidelines contemplate that non-management
 directors meet regularly in executive session. During 2010, the
 non-management directors met without management at regularly
 scheduled executive sessions, and James R. Mellor, Chairman,
 presided at these executive sessions. Communications
 with the Board of Directors The Board has an established process to receive communications
 from shareholders and other interested parties. This process has
 been approved by a majority of the independent directors.
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact the Board,
 the presiding director for executive sessions of the
 non-management directors, or the non-management directors as a
 group, by mail or electronically. Communications by mail should
 be addressed to such recipient or recipients in care of
 USEC’s Secretary at the following address: c/o Secretary, USEC Inc., Two Democracy Center, 6903 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda,
 Maryland 20817. Electronic communications can be made through
 our website at www.usec.com . Under the Corporate
 Governance section, you will find a link to the e-mail address for writing an electronic message to the Board, the
 presiding director for executive sessions of the non-management
 directors, or the non-management directors as a group. Director
 Independence The New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) listing standards
 require that the boards of listed companies have a majority of
 independent directors and that audit, nominating and governance,
 and compensation committee members must all be independent as
 affirmatively determined by the Board. At its February 2011
 meeting, after reviewing the NYSE standards of independence, the
 Board of Directors affirmatively determined that the following
 ten directors were independent: Mr. Armacost,
 Dr. Brown, Mr. Cornelius, Mr. Doyle,
 Mr. Habermeyer, Dr. Madia, Mr. Mellor,
 Mr. Moore, Mr. Skowronski, and Mr. Smith. The
 basis for these determinations was that each of these ten
 directors (other than Mr. Habermeyer and Dr. Madia)
 had no relationships with the Company other than being a
 director and/or shareholder of the Company. The Board determined that
 Mr. Habermeyer had no material relationships with the
 Company, taking into consideration his service on the board of
 directors of Southern Company, a customer of USEC. The Board
 determined that Dr. Madia had no material relationships
 with the Company, taking into consideration his service on a
 scientific advisory board of The Babcock & Wilcox
 Company, who through its subsidiaries is an investor in the
 Company (described below under “Investor-Designated
 Directors”) and is a supplier to the Company and party to a
 manufacturing joint venture with the Company. All of the members
 of the Company’s Audit and Finance, Nominating and
 Governance, and Compensation committees are independent. 10 Table of Contents Investor-Designated
 Directors On May 25, 2010, we announced that Toshiba Corporation and
 Babcock and Wilcox Investment Company (“B&W”)
 signed a securities purchase agreement to make a
 $200 million investment in the Company over three phases
 upon the satisfaction at each phase of certain closing
 conditions. Toshiba Corporation assigned its rights and
 obligations as an investor pursuant to the securities purchase
 agreement to its subsidiary, Toshiba America Nuclear Energy
 Corporation (“Toshiba”). Toshiba and B&W will
 invest equally in each of the phases in an aggregate amount of
 $100 million each. On September 2, 2010, the first
 closing of $75 million occurred and Toshiba and B&W
 received shares of convertible preferred stock and warrants to
 purchase shares of common stock, which will be exercisable in
 the future. Effective at the first closing, Mr. Hiroshi
 Sakamoto and Mr. Michael S. Taff became members of the
 Board of Directors of the Company. Under the purchase agreement
 and related transaction documents, Toshiba and B&W, as the
 holders of the convertible preferred stock, have the right to
 elect a total of two directors of the Company (the
 “Investor-Designated Directors”). They could lose this
 right under certain circumstances, including the failure to
 close the remaining two phases of the investment because of
 their breach, a change in control of the Company, or reductions
 in their equity holdings of the Company below certain thresholds. Mr. Sakamoto and Mr. Taff abstain from voting on any
 matters involving Toshiba, B&W and their affiliates. Criteria
 for Board Membership The Nominating and Governance Committee believes that the
 minimum qualifications for serving as a director of the Company
 are that a nominee demonstrate, by significant accomplishment in
 his or her field, an ability to make a meaningful contribution
 to the Board’s oversight of the business and affairs of the
 Company. This assessment includes the consideration of each
 director’s, or each nominee’s, business background,
 experience and capabilities complementary to other
 directors’ experience and capabilities, financial acumen,
 experience with government, willingness and ability to devote
 adequate time to the Company, integrity, and any other factor
 deemed appropriate, all in the context of an assessment of the
 perceived needs of the Board at that point in time. In addition,
 the Board considers the diversity of its members when
 considering a candidate. USEC does not have a formal policy on
 Board diversity, however, USEC’s Board of Directors
 Governance Guidelines include diversity as one of the criteria
 to be considered in reviewing the appropriate skills and
 characteristics required of Board members and nominees. When the
 Nominating and Governance Committee considers diversity, it
 takes an expansive view and seeks to achieve a diversity of
 viewpoints, skills, experience and other factors. The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies potential
 nominees by asking current directors to notify the Committee if
 they become aware of persons meeting the criteria described
 above, who might be available to serve on the Board. The
 Nominating and Governance Committee also, from time to time, may
 engage firms that specialize in identifying director candidates.
 During 2010, the Company engaged a third-party search firm to
 assist in a director search in light of the retirement of two
 directors in 2010. As described below, the Committee will also
 consider candidates recommended by shareholders. Once a person has been identified by the Nominating and
 Governance Committee as a potential candidate, the Committee may
 collect and review publicly available information regarding the
 person to assess whether the person should be considered
 further. If the Nominating and Governance Committee determines
 that the candidate warrants further consideration, the Chairman
 or another member of the Committee or their designee contacts
 the person. Generally, if the person expresses a willingness to
 be considered and to serve on the Board, the Nominating and
 Governance Committee requests information from the candidate,
 reviews the person’s accomplishments and qualifications,
 including in light of any other candidates that the Committee
 might be considering, and conducts one or more interviews with
 the candidate. In certain instances, Committee members may
 contact one or more references provided by the candidate or may
 contact other members of the business community or other persons
 that may have greater first-hand knowledge of the
 candidate’s accomplishments. The Committee’s
 evaluation process does not vary based on whether or not a
 candidate is recommended by a shareholder. 11 Table of Contents Mr. Cornelius, Mr. Skowronski and Mr. Smith, who
 were appointed directors by the Board effective in 2011 and are
 nominated for election at the 2011 annual meeting, were
 identified by the Nominating and Governance Committee in
 consultation with the third-party search firm engaged to assist
 in a director search. Mr. Sakamoto and Mr. Taff, who
 were appointed to the Board in 2010, were designated by Toshiba
 and B&W, respectively. Under the terms of the securities
 purchase agreement with Toshiba and B&W, the Nominating and
 Governance Committee reviewed the qualifications of
 Mr. Sakamoto and Mr. Taff prior to their election to
 the Board. Director
 Nominations by Shareholders The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director
 candidates recommended by shareholders. In considering
 candidates submitted by shareholders, the Nominating and
 Governance Committee will take into consideration the needs of
 the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. To have a
 candidate considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee,
 a shareholder must comply with notification requirements in
 USEC’s bylaws. The bylaws require, among other things, that
 a shareholder must submit the recommendation in writing and must
 include the following information: • | the name of the shareholder and evidence of the person’s ownership of Company stock, including the number of shares owned and the length of time of ownership; and
• | the name of the candidate, the candidate’s resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be a director of the Company and the person’s consent to be named as a director if selected by the Nominating and Governance Committee and nominated by the Board. Under our bylaws, a shareholder’s nomination for director
 must be delivered to the Company’s Secretary not less than
 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the
 anniversary date of the previous year’s annual meeting,
 unless the date of the next annual meeting is more than
 30 days before or more than 60 days after such
 anniversary date, in which case notice must be received not
 later than the tenth day following the day on which notice of
 the meeting is mailed or public disclosure of the date of the
 annual meeting is made. Accordingly, shareholder nominations for
 director must be received by the Company between
 December 30, 2011 and January 29, 2012, in order to be
 considered timely, unless the Company gives notice that the date
 of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before, or more
 than 60 days after, April 28, 2012. Board
 Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight The Board does not have a policy on whether or not the role of
 the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate.
 However, USEC currently has a separate, independent Chairman.
 Mr. Mellor has been Chairman since USEC’s
 privatization in 1998. USEC believes this leadership structure
 is appropriate for USEC at this time because Mr. Mellor
 provides valuable oversight of management, while avoiding
 potential conflicts, and encourages a proactive and effective
 board. In his role as Chairman, Mr. Mellor provides Board
 leadership, presides at all Board meetings, approves all Board
 agendas, and attends all Committee meetings. The Board has responsibility for risk oversight of USEC and
 exercises this oversight function both through the entire Board
 and through the individual committees of the Board. Individuals
 who are responsible for USEC’s key risks report directly to
 the entire Board on a regular basis regarding USEC’s
 enterprise risk management (ERM) program. The Audit and Finance
 Committee has responsibility to discuss the Company’s
 guidelines and policies governing risk assessment and risk
 management and the process by which each is handled. The risks
 that are identified as part of USEC’s ERM program and
 through the Audit and Finance Committee process flow down to the
 specific committees based on their areas of responsibility. For
 example, the Audit and Finance Committee oversees the management
 by USEC of risks as they relate to audit and finance matters or
 other matters within the committee’s scope of
 responsibilities, while the Regulatory and Government Affairs
 Committee oversees the management by USEC of risks as they
 relate to compliance with regulatory requirements or other
 matters within the committee’s scope of responsibilities. 12 Table of Contents Code of
 Business Conduct USEC has a code of business conduct, applicable to all of our
 directors, officers and employees. The code of business conduct
 provides a summary of the standards of conduct that are at the
 foundation of our business operations. The code of business
 conduct states that we conduct our business in strict compliance
 with all applicable laws and addresses other important matters
 such as conflicts of interest and how violations of the code may
 be reported and will be handled. Each director, officer and
 employee must read the code of business conduct and sign a form
 stating that he has read, understands and agrees to comply with
 the code of business conduct. Our Business Conduct Committee is
 responsible for monitoring performance under the code of
 business conduct and for addressing any issues that arise with
 respect to the code. A copy of the code of business conduct is
 available on our website at www.usec.com or upon written
 request, addressed to the Secretary, USEC Inc. at Two Democracy
 Center, 6903 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland 20817. Transactions
 with Related Persons The Board has adopted a policy and procedures for review,
 approval or ratification of transactions involving the Company
 and “related persons” (the Company’s directors
 and executive officers and shareholders owning 5% or greater of
 the Company’s outstanding stock, or their immediate family
 members). The policy covers any related person transaction that
 meets the minimum threshold for disclosure under the relevant
 SEC rules or that is otherwise referred to the Board for review.
 This generally includes transactions involving amounts exceeding
 $120,000 in which a related person has a direct or indirect
 material interest. Under this policy, related person
 transactions must be approved by the Nominating and Governance
 Committee, although the Chairman of the Board may direct that
 the full Board review specific transactions. The transaction
 must be approved in advance whenever feasible and, if not
 feasible, must be ratified at the Nominating and Governance
 Committee’s next meeting. In determining whether to approve
 or ratify a related person transaction, the Nominating and
 Governance Committee will take into account all factors it deems
 appropriate, including: whether the subject matter of the
 transaction is available from other non-affiliated sources;
 whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to the
 Company than terms generally available from an unaffiliated
 third party; the extent of the related person’s interest in
 the transaction; and whether the transaction is in the best
 interests of the Company. Management is responsible for the development and implementation
 of processes and controls to ensure that related person
 transactions are identified and that disclosure is made as
 required by law. To that end, currently we annually require each
 of our directors and executive officers to complete a
 directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits
 information about related person transactions. Corporate
 Governance Information Shareholders will find information about our corporate
 governance practices on our website at www.usec.com . Our
 website contains information about our Board of Directors, Board
 committees, current copies of our bylaws and charter, committee
 charters, Code of Business Conduct and Governance Guidelines.
 Shareholders may obtain, without charge, hard copies of the
 above documents by writing to the Secretary, USEC Inc. at Two
 Democracy Center, 6903 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland 20817. Board and
 Committee Membership Pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, under which
 USEC is organized, our business, property, and affairs are
 managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. Members
 of the Board are kept informed of our business through
 discussions with the Chief Executive Officer and other officers,
 by reviewing materials prepared for them by management, by
 participating in meetings of the Board and its committees, and
 by other means. It is the Board’s policy that all directors attend the
 annual meeting. We had ten directors at the time of the 2010
 annual meeting, nine of whom attended the 2010 annual meeting.
 One director was unable to attend for medical reasons. 13 Table of Contents During 2010, the Board of Directors held eight regular meetings
 and no special meetings. All directors attended 75% or more of
 the Board of Directors’ meetings and meetings of the
 committees on which they served. The average attendance of all
 directors at all Board and committee meetings in 2010 was 99%. During 2010, the Board held one meeting at the Company’s
 American Centrifuge Plant in Piketon Ohio. The Technology and
 Competition Committee also held one of its regular meetings at
 the Company’s testing facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. During 2010, the Board had designated five committees, each
 identified in the table below. All five committees are composed
 entirely of non-employee directors. The Board has adopted a
 written charter for each of these committees. The full text of
 each charter is available on the Company’s website located
 at www.usec.com . The table below sets forth the membership of these committees as
 of March 4, 2011 and the number of meetings held in 2010: Regulatory and
Audit and | Nominating and | Government | Technology and
Finance | Compensation | Governance | Affairs | Competition
Director | Committee | Committee | Committee | Committee | Committee
James R. Mellor | X
Michael H. Armacost | X | * | X
Joyce F. Brown | X | X
Sigmund L. Cornelius | X
Joseph T. Doyle | X | * | X
H. William Habermeyer | X | * | X
William J. Madia | X | X | *
W. Henson Moore | X | X | *
Hiroshi Sakamoto | X
Walter E. Skowronski | X
M. Richard Smith | X | X
Michael S. Taff | X
Number of Meetings in 2010 | 6 | 6 | 5 | 5 | 5 * | Chairman The functions performed by our five standing committees are
 described below. Audit and
 Finance Committee The Audit and Finance Committee represents and assists the Board
 with the oversight of: the integrity of the Company’s
 financial statements and internal controls, the Company’s
 compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the
 independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, the
 performance of the Company’s internal audit function, and
 the performance of the independent auditors. In addition, the
 Committee is responsible for appointing, overseeing and
 terminating the Company’s independent auditors, and
 reviewing the Company’s accounting processes, financial
 controls, reporting systems, and the scope of the audits to be
 conducted. The Committee is also responsible for advising the
 Board regarding significant financial matters. The Committee is
 also responsible for discussing the Company’s guidelines
 and policies governing risk assessment and risk management and
 the process by which each is handled and to oversee the
 management by the Company of risks as they relate to audit and
 finance matters or other matters within the Committee’s
 scope of responsibilities. The Committee meets regularly in
 executive session with the Company’s independent auditors
 and with the Company’s internal auditors. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit and
 Finance Committee is an “independent director” in
 accordance with NYSE listing standards. Under the NYSE listing
 standards, all audit committee 14 Table of Contents members must be “financially literate,” as that term
 is determined by the Board in its business judgment. Further,
 under the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (the
 “SEC”) rules, the Board must determine whether at
 least one member of the audit committee is an “audit
 committee financial expert,” as defined by the SEC’s
 rules. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit
 and Finance Committee are “financially literate” and
 that Mr. Doyle, Mr. Cornelius and Mr. Skowronski
 qualify as “audit committee financial experts.” Compensation
 Committee The Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include
 annually reviewing the performance of the Chief Executive
 Officer and other senior management; overseeing and
 administering the Company’s executive compensation program;
 and reviewing, overseeing and evaluating overall compensation
 programs and policies for the Company and its employees. The
 Compensation Committee is also responsible for overseeing the
 management by the Company of risks as they relate to the
 Company’s compensation policies and practices and other
 matters within the Committee’s scope of responsibilities.
 The Compensation Committee is also responsible for periodically
 reviewing compensation for non-employee directors and making
 recommendations to the Board. The Compensation Committee also
 establishes annual performance objectives under the
 Company’s incentive programs and oversees administration of
 employee benefit plans. Additional information on the processes
 and procedures for consideration of executive and director
 compensation are addressed in the Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation
 Committee is an “independent director” in accordance
 with NYSE listing standards. Nominating
 and Governance Committee The functions of the Nominating and Governance Committee include
 the following: identifying and recommending to the Board
 individuals qualified to serve as directors of the Company;
 recommending to the Board directors to serve on committees of
 the Board; advising the Board with respect to matters of Board
 composition and procedures; developing and recommending to the
 Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the
 Company and overseeing corporate governance matters generally;
 overseeing the annual evaluations of the Chief Executive
 Officer, the Board and its committees; and overseeing the
 management by the Company of risks as they relate to the
 Company’s corporate governance or other matters within the
 Committee’s scope of responsibilities. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director
 candidates recommended by shareholders in accordance with the
 procedures previously described under “Governance
 Information — Director Nominations by
 Shareholders.” In addition, the Nominating and Governance
 Committee is responsible for reviewing the Company’s code
 of business conduct and overseeing the Company’s processes
 for monitoring compliance, and for reviewing and approving all
 transactions between the Company and any related person under
 the Company’s related person transaction policy previously
 described. The Board has determined that each member of the Nominating and
 Governance Committee is an “independent director” in
 accordance with NYSE listing standards. Regulatory
 and Government Affairs Committee The Regulatory and Government Affairs Committee’s
 responsibilities include monitoring the Company’s
 compliance with regulatory requirements, overseeing the
 Company’s initiatives with and involving various agencies
 of the United States government and applicable State
 governments, advising the Board on regulatory and other
 governmental considerations in the Board’s deliberations
 and decision-making processes, and overseeing the management by
 the Company of risks as they relate to the Company’s
 compliance with regulatory requirements or other matters within
 the Committee’s scope of responsibilities. 15 Table of Contents Technology
 and Competition Committee The Technology and Competition Committee’s responsibilities
 include providing oversight and guidance to management with
 respect to the Company’s technology initiatives, with a
 focus on the potential technological advances and technological
 risk related to the Company’s centrifuge technology;
 informing the Board of significant energy policy developments
 and developments in enrichment technology; monitoring
 competition and market demand in the enrichment industry;
 monitoring the protection of the Company’s intellectual
 property; monitoring issues with respect to the Company’s
 information technology; monitoring operational readiness
 activities; and overseeing the management by the Company of
 risks as they relate to the Company’s technology,
 competition or other matters within the Committee’s scope
 of responsibilities. Compensation
 of Directors Non-Employee
 Director Compensation Arrangement Annual compensation for non-employee directors covers service
 for the one-year term commencing at the annual meeting. The
 compensation is unchanged for the 2011–2012 term.
 Mr. Welch, President and Chief Executive Officer, does not
 receive separate compensation for his Board activities. The
 Investor-Designated Directors described under “Governance
 Information–Investor-Designated Directors” do not
 receive compensation from the Company for their Board activities. During the 2010–2011 term, non-employee directors received
 an annual retainer of $200,000, consisting of $80,000 in cash
 and restricted stock units with a value of $120,000 under the
 USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. These restricted stock
 units will vest one year from the date of grant, however,
 vesting is accelerated upon (1) the director attaining
 eligibility for retirement (defined below), (2) termination
 of the director’s service by reason of death or disability,
 or (3) a change in control. No separate meeting fees are
 paid. The Chairman of the Board receives an annual
 chairman’s fee of $100,000 in cash in connection with his
 duties as Chairman of the Board. The chairman of the Audit and
 Finance Committee receives an annual chairman’s fee of
 $20,000 in cash, the chairman of the Compensation Committee
 receives an annual chairman’s fee of $10,000 in cash, and
 the chairman of each other committee receives an annual
 chairman’s fee of $7,500 in cash. Directors have the option
 to receive their cash fees in restricted stock units. A director
 who elects to receive their cash fees in restricted stock units
 will receive an incentive payment of restricted stock units
 equal to 20% of the portion of the cash fees that the director
 elects to take in restricted stock units in lieu of cash. These
 incentive restricted stock units will vest in equal annual
 installments over three years from the date of grant, however,
 vesting is accelerated upon (1) the director attaining
 eligibility for retirement, (2) termination of the
 director’s service by reason of death or disability, or
 (3) a change in control. All fees are payable at the
 beginning of the term. Settlement of restricted stock units
 granted to non-employee directors is made in shares of USEC
 stock upon the director’s retirement or other end of
 service. All non-employee directors are reimbursed for any
 reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their duties as
 directors of the Company. Retirement is defined in the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan in the
 case of non-employee directors as a termination of service on or
 after age 75. As of December 31, 2010, Mr. Mellor
 was eligible for retirement. Director
 Deferred Compensation Plan Directors also have the option to defer all or a portion of
 their cash fees into the USEC Inc. Director Deferred
 Compensation Plan. This plan is intended to be a non-qualified
 deferred compensation plan that complies with the regulations of
 Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended. Directors who elect to participate in the plan may
 defer up to a maximum of 100% and a minimum of 5% of cash
 director fees. A director may receive a distribution from the
 plan upon a qualifying distribution event such as a separation
 from service, disability, death, or in-service distribution,
 change in control or an unforeseeable emergency all as defined
 in the plan. Distributions from the plan will be made in cash in
 a lump sum, annual installments, or a combination of both, in
 the manner elected by the director and provided for in the plan.
 During 2010, no directors participated in the plan. 16 Table of Contents Director
 Stock Ownership Guidelines In order to more closely align directors’ interests with
 the interests of shareholders, directors are required to hold
 25,000 shares of Company common stock. The stock ownership
 guidelines do not apply to the Investor-Designated Directors.
 Restricted stock units are counted toward meeting this
 objective. As an incentive to take more of their compensation in
 the form of Company stock, directors are eligible to receive
 incentive restricted stock units described above under
 “Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangement.” As
 of December 31, 2010, all of the directors had satisfied
 their stock ownership guidelines. Mr. Cornelius,
 Mr. Smith and Mr. Skowronski joined the Board in early
 2011 and therefore have not yet satisfied their stock ownership
 guidelines. Director
 Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 Fees Earned or | Stock
Name | Paid in Cash(1) | Awards(2)(3) | Total
James R. Mellor | $ | 180,000 | $ | 120,000 | $ | 300,000
Michael H. Armacost | $ | 87,500 | $ | 120,000 | $ | 207,500
Joyce F. Brown | $ | 80,000 | $ | 120,000 | $ | 200,000
Joseph T. Doyle | $ | 40,000 | $ | 192,000 | $ | 232,000
H. William Habermeyer | $ | 90,000 | $ | 120,000 | $ | 210,000
John R. Hall(4) | — | $ | 216,000 | $ | 216,000
William J. Madia | — | $ | 225,000 | $ | 225,000
W. Henson Moore | $ | 87,500 | $ | 120,000 | $ | 207,500 (1) | The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column include the following: • | Annual Retainers: Cash paid in 2010 for $80,000 cash portion of annual retainers for the 2010–2011 term. Mr. Doyle elected to take one half of the cash portion of his annual retainer and his annual Audit and Finance Committee chairman fee in restricted stock units in lieu of cash as shown in the Stock Awards column. Mr. Hall and Dr. Madia elected to take all fees in restricted stock units in lieu of cash as shown in the Stock Awards column.
• | Chairman’s Fees: Cash paid in 2010 to Mr. Armacost ($7,500), Mr. Habermeyer ($10,000), and Mr. Moore ($7,500) for annual committee chairman’s fees for the 2010–2011 term. Also includes cash paid in 2010 to Mr. Mellor for his annual chairman’s fee of $100,000 for the 2010–2011 term. (2) | The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards to directors in 2010, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Auditing Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 718 (Compensation–Stock Compensation). For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column includes $120,000
 annual retainer payable in restricted stock units. The amount
 for Mr. Doyle, Mr. Hall and Dr. Madia also
 includes restricted stock units granted in lieu of cash fees and
 any related incentive restricted stock units. The amounts shown
 in the Stock Awards column for each of the non-employee
 directors includes the following grants of restricted stock
 units, which have the following grant date fair value,
 calculated using the closing price of USEC’s 17 Table of Contents common stock on the date of grant in accordance with FASB ASC
 Topic 718 (Compensation — Stock Compensation): Number of
Restricted | Grant Date
Name | Grant Date | Stock Units | Fair Value
James R. Mellor | 05/11/10 | 28,302 | $ | 120,000
Michael H. Armacost | 05/11/10 | 28,302 | $ | 120,000
Joyce F. Brown | 05/11/10 | 28,302 | $ | 120,000
Joseph T. Doyle | 05/11/10 | 45,283 | $ | 192,000
H. William Habermeyer | 05/11/10 | 28,302 | $ | 120,000
John R. Hall | 05/11/10 | 50,944 | $ | 216,000
William J. Madia | 05/11/10 | 53,066 | $ | 225,000
W. Henson Moore | 05/11/10 | 28,302 | $ | 120,000 The aggregate number of stock awards, including shares of
 restricted stock and restricted stock units, outstanding at
 December 31, 2010 for each of the non-employee directors is
 as follows: Number of Shares of
Restricted Stock or
Name | Restricted Stock Units
James R. Mellor | 236,681
Michael H. Armacost | 110,375
Joyce F. Brown | 129,569
Joseph T. Doyle | 149,261
H. William Habermeyer | 79,499
William J. Madia | 104,263
W. Henson Moore | 117,772 (3) | No stock option grants were made to directors in 2010. The following table shows the number of stock options held by each non-employee director as of December 31, 2010, all of which are immediately exercisable: Number of Securities
Underlying
Name | Unexercised Options
James R. Mellor | 119,122
Michael H. Armacost | 16,750
Joyce F. Brown | 17,250
Joseph T. Doyle | 1,227
W. Henson Moore | 10,500 (4) | Mr. Hall retired as a director in September 2010. 18 Table of Contents SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of March 4, 2011 , the beneficial ownership of the Company’s common stock
 for the following persons: (a) all shareholders known by
 the Company to beneficially own more than 5% of the common
 stock; (b) each of the Company’s directors;
 (c) the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer, and the three other most highly paid
 executive officers of the Company serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2010; and (d) all of the
 Company’s directors and executive officers as a group.
 Unless otherwise indicated in the table, each person has the
 sole power to vote and dispose of the shares reported as
 beneficially owned by such person. Certain information in the
 table is based on information contained in filings made by the
 beneficial owner with the SEC. Common Stock
Beneficially Owned(1)
Name of Beneficial Owner | Shares Owned | Percent of Class
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP(2) | 9,083,158 | 7.4 | %
6300 Bee Cave Road
Austin, Texas 78746
BlackRock, Inc.(3) | 6,592,071 | 5.4 | %
40 East 52nd Street,
New York, New York 10022
Noble Group Limited(4) | 5,848,940 | 4.8 | %
18 th Floor, MassMutual Tower
28 Gloucester Road
Hong Kong
Directors
Michael H. Armacost | 100,138 | (5) | *
Joyce F. Brown | 118,617 | (5) | *
Sigmund L. Cornelius | — | *
Joseph T. Doyle | 131,342 | (5) | *
H. William Habermeyer | 61,197 | (5) | *
William J. Madia | 51,197 | (5) | *
James R. Mellor | 529,557 | (5) | *
W. Henson Moore | 99,970 | (5) | *
Hiroshi Sakamoto | — | *
Walter E. Skowronski | — | *
M. Richard Smith | — | *
Michael S. Taff | — | *
Officers
John K. Welch | 2,047,973 | (5) | 1.7 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 627,024 | (5) | *
Peter B. Saba | 297,722 | (5) | *
Philip G. Sewell | 815,492 | (5) | *
Robert Van Namen | 698,061 | (5) | *
Directors and all executive officers as a group (24 persons) | 6,883,342 | (6) | 5.5 | % * | Less than 1%
(1) | For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares beneficially owned by each person, the number of shares owned by that person and the number of shares outstanding includes shares as to which such person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days (for example, through the exercise of stock options or conversion of securities), in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 19 Table of Contents (2) | The Schedule 13G/A filed on February 11, 2011 with the SEC by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP states that it has sole power to vote 8,854,466 shares and sole power to dispose of 9,083,158 shares. Dimensional Fund Advisors states in its Schedule 13G/A that all securities reported therein are owned by its funds, no one of which, to its knowledge, owns more than 5% of the class of securities. In its Schedule 13G/A, Dimensional Fund Advisors disclaims beneficial ownership of all such securities.
(3) | The Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2011 with the SEC by BlackRock, Inc. states that it has the sole power to vote 6,592,071 shares and the sole power to dispose of 6,592,071 shares.
(4) | The Schedule 13D filed on June 7, 2010 with the SEC by Noble Group Limited states that they have the sole power to vote and to dispose of 5,848,940 shares.
(5) | Includes shares subject to options granted pursuant to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (or its predecessor plan, the USEC Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan) exercisable, as of March 4, 2011, or within 60 days from such date as follows: Mr. Armacost 16,750; Dr. Brown 17,250; Mr. Doyle 1,227; Mr. Mellor 119,122; Mr. Moore 10,500; Mr. Welch 807,070; Mr. Barpoulis 280,306; Mr. Saba 84,678; Mr. Sewell 485,925; and Mr. Van Namen 340,749. Also includes restricted stock units that can be converted into USEC common stock within 60 days from March 4, 2011 as follows: Mr. Armacost 57,546; Dr. Brown 57,546; Mr. Doyle 100,115; Mr. Habermeyer 51,197; Dr. Madia 51,197; Mr. Mellor 144,904; and Mr. Moore 57,546.
(6) | Includes 2,574,010 shares subject to options granted pursuant to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (or its predecessor plan, the USEC Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan) exercisable as of March 4, 2011, or within 60 days from such date. Includes 550,051 restricted stock units that can be converted into USEC common stock within 60 days from March 4, 2011. SECTION 16(A)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who own
 more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of beneficial
 ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC and
 to furnish us with copies of the reports. We received written
 representations from each such person who did not file an annual
 report with the SEC on Form 5 that no Form 5 was due.
 Based on our review of the reports and representations, we
 believe that all required Section 16(a) reports were timely
 filed in 2010. 20 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis This section describes the compensation programs for our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in 2010 as well as
 our other three most highly compensated executive officers
 during 2010, all of whom we refer to collectively as our named
 executive officers or NEOs. Our NEOs for 2010 are: • | President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), John K. Welch;
• | Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), John C. Barpoulis;
• | Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Peter B. Saba;
• | Senior Vice President, American Centrifuge and Russian HEU, Philip G. Sewell; and
• | Senior Vice President, Uranium Enrichment, Robert Van Namen. Executive
 Summary Company
 Background USEC, a global energy company, is a leading supplier of low
 enriched uranium (“LEU”) for commercial nuclear power
 plants. USEC enriches uranium at the Paducah gaseous diffusion
 plant that we lease from the U.S. Department of Energy
 (“DOE”) and is also the exclusive executive agent for
 the U.S. government under a nuclear nonproliferation
 program with Russia known as Megatons to Megawatts. In addition,
 we perform contract work for DOE and its contractors at the
 Paducah, Kentucky and Portsmouth, Ohio sites and provide
 transportation and storage systems for spent nuclear fuel and
 nuclear and energy consulting services. Our business is in the
 midst of a critical transition period as we work to deploy a
 highly efficient uranium enrichment gas centrifuge technology,
 called the American Centrifuge technology, as a replacement for
 our gaseous diffusion technology. We are deploying this
 technology in the American Centrifuge Plant (“ACP”) in
 Piketon, Ohio. We must make the transition to more modern and cost-effective
 technology in order to remain competitive in the long term and
 so we are devoting significant resources to do so, which has a
 negative impact on our current operational results. Overview
 of 2010 Performance During 2010, under the leadership of our senior executive team,
 our company performed well and management met or exceeded many
 of its performance goals and objectives. We worked aggressively
 in 2010 to strengthen the American Centrifuge project, retire or
 mitigate risks, address DOE concerns, attract additional sources
 of capital and take steps to improve our capital structure. • | As of December 31, 2010, we have invested approximately $1.95 billion in the American Centrifuge project, an enormous long-term investment for a company of our size, and are in discussions with the DOE regarding the terms for a conditional commitment for a $2 billion loan guarantee for the ACP.
• | During 2010 we also executed an agreement with Toshiba Corporation and Babcock & Wilcox Investment Company (“B&W”) for a $200 million strategic investment in the company and closed on the first phase of funding in September 2010 totaling $75 million.
• | With Toshiba’s support we are also in discussions with Japanese export credit agencies regarding financing up to $1 billion of the cost to complete the ACP.
• | We also saw significant technical achievements with the project in 2010 as a result of efforts to demonstrate the commercial readiness of our technology — we operated our lead cascade of production-ready AC100 machines in a commercial plant cascade configuration and accumulated significant runtime and we continue to build machines.
• | We also saw a significant increase in our stock price in 2010 of 56%, outperforming 91% of the S&P 500 in total shareholder return, indicating that our shareholders think we are on the right track and share our belief in the American Centrifuge technology. 21 Table of Contents • | We had solid financial results in 2010 in spite of the challenges facing our business and exceeded our objectives for gross profit margin and cash flow from operations. Gross profit margin for 2010 was 7.8%, which although down from 10% in 2009, was substantially better than the projected 5% to 6% at the beginning of the year. Adjusted cash flow for 2010 was $35 million above our target.
• | As expected, despite higher share prices, our 2010 financial results were down from 2009. Because of the impact of high power prices (approximately 70% of our production costs) on our costs of production, we will continue to have reduced margins until we are able to transition our business through the deployment of the substantially more efficient ACP (which uses 95% less electricity to produce LEU). Our better than projected 2010 results would not have been
 achieved without significant effort and initiative by management
 during 2010 and these efforts were a key factor in the
 compensation decisions and performance-based outcomes for 2010. Taking into account the achievements of management and other key
 employees, the NEOs were awarded annual incentive awards that
 were above target for 2010. Highlights
 of Our Compensation Program and Pay-For-Performance Our executive compensation program is built on a strong
 governance framework and pay-for-performance philosophy. Key design elements and features of this program are: • | Strong oversight by our Compensation Committee of all elements of executive compensation;
• | Base salary represents less than 30% of each NEO’s total direct compensation opportunity (22% for the CEO), with the remainder of compensation being variable or “at risk;”
• | The Committee’s use of an independent compensation consultant — Towers Watson;
• | Based on a comprehensive pay-for-performance analysis conducted by Towers Watson during 2010, realizable pay was aligned with Company three-year performance and the Company’s Peer Group, as described below under “Pay-for-Performance Assessment;”
• | Significant stock ownership guidelines that are exceeded by each of our NEOs and directors, as described below under “Stock Ownership Guidelines;”
• | A “no hedging” policy in our insider trading policy that prohibits employees and directors from hedging the economic interest in the USEC shares they hold, as described below under “Hedging Prohibition;”
• | Our equity incentive plan includes a compensation recovery or “claw back” provision that applies to all equity plan participants, as described below under “Recovery of Incentive Compensation;”
• | Provide only very limited perquisites — those provided relate to areas that we believe benefit the Company, including financial planning and executive physicals;
• | No employment agreements with NEOs; severance is limited to one times base salary and annual bonus;
• | Change in control agreements are limited to one to two and a half times base salary and annual bonus and are “double-trigger” requiring a separation from service to receive benefits; although these agreements provide for automatic renewal to protect employees, we retain the ability to terminate the agreements with sufficient notice;
• | Existing change in control agreements contain a limited excise tax gross-up that has been in the Company’s form of agreement since the Company’s change in control arrangements were put in place in 1999; however, the Compensation Committee has determined that beginning in 2011, new or materially amended agreements will not provide for any excise tax gross-up; and
• | A strong risk management program with specific responsibilities assigned to the Board and the Board’s committees, and consideration of avoiding excessive risk in compensation decisions. See discussion of 22 Table of Contents the compensation risk assessment performed during 2010 under “Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs.” The Compensation Committee continually reviews the compensation
 programs for our NEOs and other key executives to ensure that
 they achieve the desired goals of attracting and retaining
 highly qualified individuals during this critical transition
 period while further enhancing the focus on pay-for-performance. As a result of its review process, for 2011, the Compensation
 Committee made the following changes to our executive
 compensation programs, which further enhanced our pay-for-performance philosophy: • | Replaced the annual stock option grant to executives under our long-term incentive program with performance-based restricted stock;
• | Added a relative total shareholder return measure to our long-term incentive awards to further align the compensation of our executives with our performance relative to companies we compete with for executive talent; and
• | Replaced a portion of the time-vested grant of restricted stock with a new three year performance-based cash incentive program to further link pay with performance. 23 Table of Contents Compensation
 Philosophy and Objectives The Compensation Committee on behalf of the Board of Directors
 oversees an executive compensation program designed to enable
 USEC to attract and retain highly talented individuals. This
 program reflects the Company’s philosophy that the majority
 of an executive’s compensation should be based on his or
 her overall contribution to the success of the Company and the
 creation of long-term value for our shareholders. In keeping
 with this philosophy, the Compensation Committee has established
 the following objectives for the Company’s executive
 compensation program: Objective | How We Implement Our Objectives
Compensation should be aligned with shareholders’ interests. | • Strong incentives to maximize long-term value for our shareholders. • Long-term stock ownership by executives and stock-based performance incentives provide ongoing alignment.
Compensation should support our business strategy and objectives. | • Reward successful execution of our business plan by tying performance goals to our business plan. • Stretch performance goals encourage innovation by executives while not encouraging excessive risk-taking.
Compensation should be structured to pay for performance. | • A substantial portion of the total compensation opportunity is variable and dependent upon the Company’s operating and financial performance. • An employee’s realized compensation may be above or below his target compensation depending on performance. • 2009 compensation was paid out significantly below target opportunity compensation (2009 annual incentives for the NEOs were paid out at between 61% and 70% of target); 2010 compensation is above target based on Company performance (2010 annual incentives for the NEOs were paid out at between 127% and 129% of target).
Compensation opportunities should be market competitive. | • Compensation and benefits programs are designed to provide competitive compensation relative to the labor markets for our executives while maintaining fiscal responsibility for our shareholders. • We use peer group proxy and published survey data to review market compensation. • In light of the Company’s critical transition period, base salaries and target total direct opportunity compensation are positioned at approximately between the 50 th and 75th percentile of the market using this data and moving toward the 50th percentile in the long term. • Current significant challenges facing the Company and talent retention objectives warrant targeting higher levels of compensation for some individuals.
Compensation and benefits programs should encourage short-term and long-term retention. | • Our compensation and benefits programs are intended to encourage retention and reward continuity of service, which is particularly important due to the unique skill sets of our executives. • Short-term retention is also important due to the challenges currently facing our business. 24 Table of Contents Role of
 Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions • | CEO and other NEO pay are set by the Compensation Committee (other than base salaries, which are set by the Board upon recommendation by the Compensation Committee).
• | CEO and the Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Administration provide support to the Compensation Committee and attend all Compensation Committee meetings but are not present for executive sessions or discussions of their individual compensation.
• | CEO provides performance assessments and compensation recommendations for each of the other NEOs, including a self-assessment of his own performance.
• | CFO attends Compensation Committee meetings as needed to report on financial items.
• | Compensation Committee meetings often include an executive session without members of management present. Role of
 Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee has retained Towers Watson to provide
 the Compensation Committee with independent compensation data,
 analysis and advice. Towers Watson reports to the Compensation
 Committee and its Chairman and, under the Compensation
 Committee’s charter, the Compensation Committee has sole
 authority to retain and terminate them and to approve their fees
 and other retention terms. The Compensation Committee
 periodically reviews the retention of the compensation
 consultant, including taking into account its independence.
 Throughout 2010, Towers Watson worked closely with the
 Compensation Committee and attended all Compensation Committee
 meetings and met with the Compensation Committee regularly in
 executive session. Examples of projects assigned to Towers
 Watson included market studies of executive pay and of Board
 pay, pay-for-performance analysis, review of the peer group for executive compensation
 benchmarking, a review of the value of Company equity owned by
 executives, a compensation risk-assessment, a review of
 walk-away values as of year-end, and advice on compensation best
 practices, including advice regarding implementation of the
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Setting
 Executive Compensation Each year, the Compensation Committee evaluates compensation
 levels for each of the executive officers of the Company. In
 setting compensation for 2010, the Compensation Committee
 reviewed and considered total compensation for each NEO,
 including a review of tally sheets that provide the value of
 (1) historic and current elements of each officer’s
 compensation (including savings plans, pension plans, health and
 welfare benefits and perquisites); (2) stock and stock
 options held by the executive at year end in the Company’s
 incentive and benefits plans; and (3) a review of
 compensation that would be paid upon termination of employment
 under various scenarios. Use of
 Peer Group and Survey Data The Compensation Committee strives to set target opportunity
 compensation levels to be competitive with the market in which
 we compete for executive talent. We use compensation information
 from (1) a “Peer Group” of publicly traded
 companies in specific industries in which we compete for
 executive talent and (2) general industry companies with
 revenues comparable to ours through the pooled survey data.
 Towers Watson combines the data from the Peer Group with pooled
 survey data to create the market data reviewed by the
 Compensation Committee. Currently, as the only publicly traded uranium enrichment
 company in the United States, we do not have direct publicly
 traded U.S. peers. Therefore, the Peer Group was selected
 by the Compensation Committee upon the recommendation of Towers
 Watson taking into consideration: industry relevance (focusing
 on specialty chemicals, aerospace and defense, construction and
 engineering, utilities with nuclear operations, and other
 utilities); business operations; and roughly comparable size in
 terms of revenue and market capitalization (although this is
 given less weight due to our stock price volatility). The Peer
 Group was not picked on the 25 Table of Contents basis of executive compensation levels. The Peer Group during
 2010 was the same as 2009 and included the following
 19 companies: • | Albemarle Corp. | • | Cytec Industries Inc. | • | Orbital Sciences Corp.
• | Alliant Techsystems Inc. | • | Esterline Technologies Corp. | • | Rockwell Collins Inc.
• | Arch Chemicals Inc. | • | FMC Corp. | • | Rockwood Holdings Inc.
• | Arch Coal Inc. | • | Goodrich Corp. | • | Shaw Group Inc.
• | Cameco Corp. | • | Hexcel Corp. | • | Teledyne Technologies
• | CONSOL Energy Inc. | • | McDermott International, Inc.
• | Curtiss-Wright Corp. | • | OM Group The Peer Group is different from the peer group index utilized
 in the performance graph included in our annual report on Form 10-K, which is more focused on companies with similar business
 attributes, primarily utilities with nuclear power generation
 capabilities, but also including chemical processing companies
 and aluminum companies (that are also large users of electric
 power). Peer Group compensation data is limited to publicly
 available information and therefore does not provide precise
 comparisons by position as offered by more comprehensive survey
 data. As a result, our Compensation Committee uses Peer Group
 data on a limited basis to analyze the competitiveness of our
 target compensation and our general compensation philosophy. Our Compensation Committee also used commercially available
 survey data provided to it by Towers Watson to identify
 market-median and other market elements related to our 2010
 compensation program. This survey data included the 2010/2011
 Towers Watson Data Services Top Management Report, the 2010
 Mercer Executive Compensation Survey, and the Towers Watson
 Compensation Database. This survey data includes pooled
 compensation data from many companies and the findings are
 segregated by, for example, revenue level, number of employees,
 and industry. Using survey cuts of durable goods manufacturing
 organizations and general manufacturing organizations with
 comparable annual revenues, the Compensation Committee reviewed
 pooled compensation data for positions similar to those held by
 each NEO. In the case of the CEO and CFO, whose positions are
 the most directly comparable with those in other companies, the
 Compensation Committee also used a survey cut of metals and
 mining organizations with comparable annual revenues. The
 Compensation Committee is not provided with the names of the
 companies making up these surveys and is only privy to the
 statistical summaries provided in these surveys. Pay-for-Performance Assessment In July 2010, the Compensation Committee reviewed a historical pay-for-performance analysis conducted by Towers Watson to evaluate the alignment of
 pay to performance at the Company versus our Peer Group for the
 three-year period ended December 31, 2009. The analysis
 considered a comparison of each of the following over the
 three-year period: • | How our performance compared with the Peer Group using operational and shareholder performance metrics — specifically earnings per share growth, sales growth, operating cash flow growth, return on equity, return on assets, and total shareholder return;
• | How the potential compensation opportunity for our executives compared with our Peer Group; and
• | How the amount of cash compensation our executives earned plus the value of equity compensation as of a specified date as a percentage of (1) their potential (realizable) compensation and (2) our reported net income and average market capitalization compared with our Peer Group. The analysis concluded that our executive compensation is in
 alignment with our operational performance and total shareholder
 return. The analysis reflected that although the Company’s
 performance was generally below that of the Peer Group over the
 three-year period, our executives’ realizable compensation
 was below opportunity levels during the period, thus indicating
 that pay was in alignment with performance. 26 Table of Contents Elements
 of Executive Compensation TOTAL
 DIRECT COMPENSATION Summary
 of Total Direct Compensation Compensation | Objectives | Key Features
Element
Base Salary | • Provides a stable annual income at a level consistent with individual contributions. | • Adjustments are considered annually based on individual performance, level of pay relative to the market, internal pay equity, and retention issues.
Annual Incentive Awards | • Rewards the achievement of critical annual financial and operational performance goals. • Aligns NEOs interests with those of our shareholders by promoting improved financial results through improvements to gross margin and cash flow and reductions in controllable expenses, as well as rewarding total shareholder return performance. • Retains NEOs by providing market-competitive compensation. | • Annual incentives can vary from 0% to 150% of the target amount. • Annual performance goals are predetermined and include a combination of company performance measures, weighted 55%, and individual performance measures, weighted 45%.
Long-Term Incentive Awards (Restricted Stock and Stock Options) | • Aligns NEO’s interests with long-term shareholder interests by linking part of each NEO’s compensation to long-term corporate stock performance. • Provides opportunities for wealth creation and ownership, which promotes retention and enables us to attract and motivate our NEOs. • Retains NEOs through multi-year vesting of equity grants and by providing market-competitive compensation. • Ensures that the executive decision-making process maintains a balanced focus on both immediate measures of success and on the effective growth and development of the business three to five years in the future. | • Utilizes different equity types, including restricted stock and stock options, to balance the multiple objectives. • Long-term equity awards generally vest in increments over a three year period. • Additional performance components added for 2011 to further emphasize pay-for-performance. 27 Table of Contents Observations
 Regarding the Mix of Total Direct Compensation The chart below shows the relative proportion of each element of
 total direct compensation (based on 2010 target levels). The
 target value of long-term incentives is more than double that of
 the annual incentive to weight an executive’s compensation
 toward a focus on long-term rather than short-term goals. In
 addition, the amount of variable or “at-risk”
 compensation is higher for the CEO than the other NEOs in light
 of his greater responsibility and ability to influence the
 Company’s results. Short-Term vs. Long-Term Incentive Pay Opportunity as a Percentage of Total Pay
Short-Term Incentive Pay Target Annual Incentive | Long-Term Incentive Pay Target Long-Term Incentive
CEO | 29% | 71%
Other NEOs (Average) | 29% | 71%
Cash vs. Equity-Based Pay Opportunity as a Percentage of Total Pay
Cash Base Salary + Target Annual Incentive | Equity-Based Target Long-Term Incentives
CEO | 44% | 56%
Other NEOs (Average) | 50% | 50%
Fixed vs. Variable Pay Opportunity as a Percentage of Total Pay
Fixed Base Salary | Variable Performance-Related Pay Target Annual Incentive + Target Long-Term Incentive
CEO | 22% | 78%
Other NEOs (Average) | 29% | 71% Total Pay — The sum of base salary, target
 annual incentive, and target long-term incentives. Fixed Pay — Base pay or salary. Variable Pay — Compensation that can vary based
 on Company or individual performance. Variable pay is “at
 risk.” Cash — Compensation paid in the form of cash
 (base salary and annual incentive). Equity — Restricted stock awards or other
 equity awards. Equity awards are “at risk.” Short-Term — Compensation based on performance
 of one year or less. Long-Term — Compensation based on performance
 of greater than one year. Base
 Salary The Compensation Committee recommends base salary levels for
 executive officers, including the CEO, to the Board for its
 approval. The Compensation Committee consults with the CEO with
 respect to the recommended base salaries for the other officers.
 Towers Watson provides market data to the Compensation Committee
 for use in determining base salaries, as previously described
 under “Use of Peer Group and Survey Data.” In setting
 individual base salaries, consideration is given to (1) the
 performance of the Company; (2) the individual performance
 of each executive, taking into account the recommendation of the
 CEO with respect to the performance and contribution of
 individuals and the individual performance measures under the
 annual incentive program; (3) the executive’s scope of
 responsibility in relation to other officers and key executives
 within the Company and internal pay equity; and (4) any
 retention issues. 28 Table of Contents Following a base salary freeze for most officers in 2009, modest
 market competitive adjustments of between 4% and 6% were made in
 2010 to the base salaries for three of the NEOs. Base salaries
 for the other NEOs, including the CEO, and the majority of other
 officers were frozen for the second consecutive year. No base
 salary adjustments were made for the NEOs for 2011. The CEO has
 not had a base salary adjustment since 2008. Base salary changes
 during 2010 are shown on the table below. Name | 2009 Salary | 2010 Salary
John K. Welch | $ | 900,000 | $ | 900,000
John C. Barpoulis | $ | 400,000 | $ | 428,000
Philip G. Sewell | $ | 470,000 | $ | 470,000
Robert Van Namen | $ | 410,000 | $ | 428,000
Peter B. Saba | $ | 370,000 | $ | 390,000 Base salaries affect other elements of total compensation,
 including annual incentives, long-term incentives, and
 retirement benefits. In setting base salaries for the NEOs, the
 Compensation Committee considers the effects on other elements
 of total compensation. Annual
 Incentive The Compensation Committee sets annual incentive awards and
 performance goals for NEOs under our annual incentive program
 under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Form of Awards. The 2010 annual incentives for
 the NEOs and other eligible executives are paid in cash, in
 recognition that all of the NEOs had satisfied their stock
 ownership guidelines and have substantial USEC equity ownership.
 Annual incentive awards were formerly payable 65% in cash and
 35% in restricted stock (although, if a participant had met his
 stock ownership guidelines, he was entitled to receive his
 entire annual incentive award in cash). This adjustment was made
 for retention reasons and to also be consistent with the form of
 payment of annual incentive awards by companies that we compete
 with for executive talent. The Compensation Committee retained
 the discretion to direct that a portion of a participant’s
 annual incentive be paid in restricted stock if he is not making
 sufficient progress in achieving his stock ownership guidelines. If an NEO elects to receive any portion of his annual incentive
 award in the form of restricted stock he would also receive an
 incentive grant of restricted stock (that vests one year from
 the date of grant) equal to 20% of the portion of the annual
 incentive that he took in restricted stock in lieu of cash. All
 of the NEOs elected to take their entire annual incentive award
 for 2010 in cash, as reflected on the “Summary Compensation
 Table.” Target Levels. Target incentive opportunities
 are expressed as a percentage of base salary, which percentage
 is determined by the Compensation Committee based on position,
 market data provided by Towers Watson (as previously described
 under “Use of Peer Group and Survey Data.”), and our
 overall compensation philosophy, which emphasizes
 performance-based compensation. The CEO’s target level is
 set above the other NEOs to reflect that a greater portion of
 his total direct compensation is variable or “at
 risk.” The table below sets forth the 2010 target
 annual incentive opportunities as a percentage of base salary
 for our NEOs. The actual payout amounts are determined based on
 the actual performance under our annual incentive plan for 2010,
 as described below. 2010 Target %
Name | (of base salary)
John K. Welch | 100 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 70 | %
Peter B. Saba | 70 | %
Philip G. Sewell | 70 | %
Robert Van Namen | 70 | % Performance Measures. For NEOs, 55% of their
 annual incentive award is determined based on the achievement of
 corporate financial performance measures (referred to as
 “corporate quantitative goals”) and the remaining 45%
 is based on the achievement of individual performance measures
 (referred to as “key performance objectives”). 29 Table of Contents The corporate quantitative goals for 2010, and the weighting for
 each goal, are described in the table below: Corporate Quantitative Goal | Weight | Rationale
Gross profit margin percentage. | 25 | % | Gross profit margin percentage is an important measure of our operational profitability.
Cash flow from operations before American Centrifuge expense, interest and taxes (“Adjusted cash flow from operations”). | 30 | % | Adjusted cash flow from operations is a non-GAAP measure of cash created by existing operations with the heaviest weighting due to the importance to us of cash and liquidity. American Centrifuge expense is excluded because it is variable and difficult to forecast given the demobilization of the American Centrifuge project. Interest and taxes are excluded because most members of management cannot influence these factors.
U.S. government contract services receivables (measure of the cash received from the resolution of outstanding incurred cost submissions and the approval of revised billing rates in the contract services segment). | 10 | % | This is a measure of management’s efforts to resolve outstanding billing issues with DOE. At the beginning of 2010, USEC had $38 million of U.S. government contract unbilled receivables that had not been billed due to delays in DOE approving updates to our billing rates. In addition, USEC had finalized and submitted to DOE incurred cost submissions for contract work for periods from 2002 through 2008 that had not yet been audited and for which additional amounts were potentially billable. During 2010, $21.6 million of U.S. government contract unbilled receivables were collected.
Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense, not including other compensation and stock based compensation (“Adjusted SG&A expense”). | 10 | % | Adjusted SG&A expense is a non-GAAP measure of controllable overhead expenses. Other compensation and stock based compensation are excluded because they can be influenced by stock price volatility and other subjective variables.
USEC total shareholder return, as measured by USEC’s total shareholder return compared to the S&P 500. | 25 | % | This is a measure of return to shareholders in the form of stock price appreciation, with a heavy weighting due to the importance to shareholders. 30 Table of Contents Each corporate quantitative goal comprises threshold, target and
 maximum performance levels, which, if achieved, results in
 payments of 0%, 100% and 150% of that target financial
 performance measure component, respectively. Proportional
 payments are made for achievement between threshold, target and
 maximum performance levels. If the threshold corporate financial
 performance is not achieved, no amount is paid for that
 financial performance measure component. The 2010 target levels
 were set at or above the Company’s budget for 2010 and the
 maximum levels were set based on significant stretch goals,
 taking into account potential opportunities for management to
 effectuate positive impacts and were not designed to encourage
 or reward the taking of excessive or unnecessary risk. The table
 below describes the corporate quantitative goal target and
 achievement levels for 2010. Gross Profit | Adjusted Cash | U.S. Government
Margin | Flow from | Contract Services | Adjusted SG&A | Total Shareholder
Level | Percentage (25%) | Operations (30%) | Receivables (10%) | Expense (10%) | Return (25%)
Maximum (150)% | 8.0% | $110 million | $40 million | $40 million | 75th percentile
Target (100)% | 6.0% | $50 million | $30 million | $44 million | 55th percentile
Threshold (0)% | 4.0% | $0 million | $0 million | $50 million | 25th percentile
Actual Performance | 7.8% (145%) | $85 million (130%) | $21.6 million (72%) | $41.5 million (131%) | 91 st percentile (150%) For 2011, the corporate quantitative goals for the annual
 incentive will no longer include total shareholder return
 because that measure will be used as a performance goal in the
 Company’s long-term incentive program. For 2010, the Compensation Committee set specific individual key
 performance objectives for the CEO and adopted specific
 individual key performance objectives recommended by the CEO for
 our remaining NEOs (which flow down from the key performance
 objectives established for the CEO). The 2010 key performance
 objectives for the CEO and the other NEOs targeted the following
 five objectives, designed to achieve the Company’s
 strategic business plan. The weight of each of the key
 performance objectives varied by individual based on their areas
 of responsibility. 31 Table of Contents Key Performance Objective | Difficulty
Strengthen near-term performance of the business primarily through actions to control costs and increase revenues, without compromising safety and security. | Achievement of initiatives relating to improving gross margin and cash flow compared to budget, managing selling, general and administrative costs and electric power costs compared to budget, incorporating risk mitigation mechanisms in new customer contracts, and other efforts with respect to contracting involve substantial effort and initiative.
Maintain the future value for ACP by addressing DOE’s technical and financing concerns, preserving the manufacturing infrastructure, and retaining a sufficient supplier base to support timely remobilization. Demonstrate technology and commercial readiness of the ACP by operating AC100 machines in the Lead Cascade. | This includes achievement of objectives relating to American Centrifuge project Lead Cascade operations, continued development efforts to further improve reliability, efforts to reduce perceived project risk, and other steps to improve the project’s financial structure, in support of submission of a revised loan guarantee application to DOE. Achievement in these areas requires significant effort and initiative.
Ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to meet our needs and attract capital necessary to execute our long-term strategic objectives. | This includes achievement of objectives relating to our short-term and long-term capital needs in 2010, including efforts to renew our credit facility that was scheduled to expire in August 2010, efforts to obtain government funding for continuing development of the American Centrifuge technology, efforts to pursue strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value, and efforts to obtain a DOE loan guarantee. Achievement of all of these objectives involves substantial effort and initiative.
Execute steps needed to transition production sources and government services activities. | This includes efforts with respect to transitioning our supply sources pending resolution of the status of the American Centrifuge project, efforts with respect to securing sales commitments to meet revenue and gross margin objectives and align pricing structure with major risk elements in our supply, and efforts to resolve outstanding labor and contract issues in our government services business. Due to the number of risks and uncertainties facing us, implementation of a smooth transition plan involves a great deal of strategic planning and substantial effort and initiative.
Develop a corporate communications plan that positions us and enhances our reputation with government, customers, and employees. Engage key contacts at critical government departments in a structured dialogue to determine a baseline assessment of the working relationship with USEC and the plan of action to improve the relationship and increase the likelihood of positive outcomes. | This includes evaluating strengths and weaknesses of current relationships and identifying steps for improvement, communicating our role in supporting policy objectives and leveraging third party relationships. These efforts require significant coordination, effort and initiative. For individual NEOs (other than the CEO), their particular
 objectives were a more detailed subset of these objectives with
 a focus on their functional area. For example,
 Mr. Barpoulis’ specific objectives as CFO generally
 related to financial matters and financing for the ACP;
 Mr. Sewell’s specific objectives as Senior 32 Table of Contents Vice President, American Centrifuge and Russian HEU generally
 related to American Centrifuge and Russian highly enriched
 uranium (HEU) program management matters; Mr. Van
 Namen’s specific objectives as Senior Vice President,
 Uranium Enrichment generally related to uranium enrichment
 operations and marketing and sales matters; and
 Mr. Saba’s specific objectives as Senior Vice
 President, General Counsel and Secretary generally related to
 legal matters and matters related to financing for the ACP.
 There are no individual performance factors in addition to, and
 separate from, the factors listed in the tables above and each
 of the NEOs’ key performance objectives were designed to be
 difficult to achieve and to challenge the executive. 2010 Achievement Levels. The Compensation
 Committee reviews and certifies the annual incentive achievement
 level and incentive payment for each NEO. The Compensation
 Committee may adjust performance-based criteria or awards in
 recognition of unusual or non-recurring events; however, in
 2010, no adjustments were made. The achievement levels and
 incentive payment percentages approved by the Compensation
 Committee for the NEOs for 2010 are shown in the table below: Key Performance | Corporate | Annual Incentive
Objective | Quantitative Goals | Award (as a
Achievement Level | Achievement Level | percentage of
Name | (45%) | (55%) | target)
John K. Welch | 125 | % | 133 | % | 129 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 120 | % | 133 | % | 127 | %
Peter B. Saba | 125 | % | 133 | % | 129 | %
Philip G. Sewell | 120 | % | 133 | % | 127 | %
Robert Van Namen | 120 | % | 133 | % | 127 | % Long-Term
 Incentives Our long-term incentives granted in 2010 consisted of restricted
 stock and stock options. Annualized target award levels for the
 NEOs under the long-term incentive program for 2010 were
 unchanged from 2009, and were comprised of the following (as
 more fully described below): 2010 Annualized Target | 2010 Percentage of Annualized Long-Term Incentive Value
Long-Term Incentive Value | Restricted Stock | Stock Option
Position | (as a Multiple of Base Salary) | Awards | Awards
CEO | 2.5X | 70% | 30%
Other NEOs | 1.4X to 1.8X | 57% to 67% | 33% to 43% Restricted Stock Awards. NEOs receive an
 annual grant of restricted stock as a part of their long-term
 incentive. In light of the difficulty in setting appropriate
 long-term performance targets in early 2010, and given the
 Company’s business circumstances which made retention
 incentives appropriate, the Compensation Committee determined
 for 2010 to fold in the prior one-year performance-based
 restricted stock award into the annual grant of time-vested
 restricted stock. The value of the 2010 restricted stock grants
 was equal to a percentage of the NEO’s base salary as
 follows: 2010 Target % | 2011 Target %
Name | (of base salary) | (of base salary)
John K. Welch | 175 | % | 75 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 120 | % | 60 | %
Peter B. Saba | 80 | % | 50 | %
Philip G. Sewell | 120 | % | 60 | %
Robert Van Namen | 120 | % | 60 | % Restricted stock granted in 2010 vests ratably over three years,
 subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances. In
 addition to serving as a retention-based component of the
 NEO’s market-based total direct compensation, restricted
 stock further aligns the interests of executives with
 shareholders through promoting significant share ownership by
 our NEOs. 33 Table of Contents As described below under “Revisions to the Long-Term
 Incentive Program for 2011,” for 2011, the Compensation
 Committee approved a separate performance-based cash incentive
 plan for 2011 and reverted to the pre-2010 value of time-vested
 restricted stock (as a percentage of base salary) for all NEOs,
 with a slight increase in target from 40% to 50% for
 Mr. Saba for 2011. Stock Option Awards. During 2010, NEOs also
 received an annual grant of non-qualified stock options. The
 value of the 2010 grant was equal to a percentage of the
 NEOs’ base salary as follows: 2010 Target %
Name | (of base salary)
John K. Welch | 75 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 60 | %
Peter B. Saba | 40 | %
Philip G. Sewell | 60 | %
Robert Van Namen | 60 | % Stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes methodology.
 Pursuant to our policy, stock option grants are made seven days
 after the release of our annual earnings and are awarded at the
 New York Stock Exchange’s closing price of our common stock
 on the date of grant. Stock option grants vest ratably over
 three years and expire five years after grant, subject to
 accelerated vesting under certain circumstances. Each NEO’s
 2010 grant of stock options is detailed on the Grants of
 Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2010 table. As described below under “Revisions to the Long-Term
 Incentive Program for 2011,” the Compensation Committee
 eliminated the grant of stock options as part of the long-term
 incentive program for 2011. Revisions
 to the Long-Term Incentive Program for 2011 In February 2011, the Compensation Committee, in consultation
 with its compensation consultant, approved a revised long-term
 incentive program under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan to better
 link pay to performance and to better motivate individuals to
 achieve our objectives. The new program: (1) replaced
 annual stock option grants to executives with performance-based
 restricted stock; and (2) reduced the amount of the
 existing annual grant of restricted stock to executives and
 shifted that value into a new three year performance-based cash
 incentive program (the “Strategic Incentive Plan”). Performance-Based Restricted Stock. Beginning
 in 2011, executives will receive a one-year performance-based
 award of restricted stock that, subject to being earned, vests
 over three years (the “Performance-Based Restricted
 Stock”). Target awards for the NEOs for 2011 are based on a
 percentage of the executive’s base salary as follows: 2011 Target %
Name | (of base salary)
John K. Welch | 75 | %
John C. Barpoulis | 60 | %
Peter B. Saba | 50 | %
Philip G. Sewell | 60 | %
Robert Van Namen | 60 | % The target number of shares of restricted stock was calculated
 based on the Company’s stock price on March 1, 2011
 (seven days after the release of earnings for the year ended
 December 31, 2010, per our policy), and the shares will
 vest over three years from that date. Actual awards will be
 determined by performance during the period January 1, 2011
 through December 31, 2011 against a pre-determined
 performance goal relating to the Company’s total
 shareholder return compared to the Russell 2000 total
 shareholder return (without dividends). Participants are
 eligible to receive from 25% (threshold) to 150% (maximum) of
 their target award based on performance, with performance below
 25% (threshold) level resulting in no award. 34 Table of Contents Three-Year Strategic Incentive Plan. Beginning
 in 2011, each of the NEOs and certain other executive officers
 participate in the Strategic Incentive Plan under the 2009
 Equity Incentive Plan. It is designed to focus rewards on a
 limited number of highly important objective targets that if
 completed will significantly add to the long-term value of our
 business. The Strategic Incentive Plan is an objective,
 performance-based program which rewards participants for
 successful performance against financial and business
 strategy-based targets over a three-year period. A new
 overlapping three-year performance period will begin every year.
 The first performance period runs from January 1, 2011
 through December 31, 2013. Under the Strategic Incentive
 Plan, the NEOs are awarded the right to earn cash. Cash was
 chosen to balance the compensation paid to executives in the
 forms of cash and equity and provide liquidity to executives who
 have already built up substantial Company equity ownership. Each
 NEO’s target award is based on a percentage of the
 executive’s base salary as follows: CEO: 100%; other NEOs:
 60%. This amount is equal to the value of the grant of
 time-vested restricted stock it is replacing. Actual payout of these awards will be determined by the
 performance of the Company during the period January 1,
 2011 through December 31, 2013 against two pre-determined
 performance goals relating to the completion or attainment of
 objectively determinable targets with respect to the
 Company’s American Centrifuge project and other strategic
 business objectives. Awards will be granted following the
 completion of the performance period. For the initial performance period January 1, 2011 through
 December 31, 2013, there is a supplementary phase-in of the
 target awards to take into account that no awards from prior
 performance periods will be paying out during the first two
 years of the new plan. Thus, the size of the target award for
 the initial performance period is three times the normal amount.
 For the initial performance period only, there will be two
 pre-determined interim performance goals as of the end of each
 of the first two years of the performance period that are based
 on interim progress steps in the achievement of the three-year
 goals. Participants may “bank” up to 25% of their
 target award during each of the first two years of the initial
 performance period based solely on performance against the
 interim performance goals. This “banked” award will
 become vested at the end of the three year initial performance
 period regardless of the performance against the three year
 performance goals. Failure to satisfy any of the interim
 performance goals will not reduce the target opportunity under
 the three-year performance goals. Participants may receive between 80% (threshold) to 120%
 (maximum) of their target award based on performance, with
 performance below the threshold (80%) level resulting in no
 award. Interim “banked” performance awards count
 against, and are not payable in addition to, the overall award.
 If, prior to the payout of an award with respect to a
 performance period: (1) there is a change in control of the
 Company and a participant’s employment is terminated by the
 Company other than for cause (or is terminated by the
 participant for good reason) (e.g., “double trigger”),
 fully vested awards will be made at target regardless of
 performance; (2) a participant leaves the Company due to
 retirement or termination by the Company other than for cause,
 fully vested prorated awards will be paid in accordance with
 actual performance at the end of the performance period at the
 same time as other awards are paid to executives; and (3) a
 participant leaves the Company due to death or disability, fully
 vested prorated awards will be paid at target regardless of
 performance. Performance must be certified by the Compensation
 Committee prior to any award being paid (other than on death,
 disability or change in control). INDIRECT
 COMPENSATION Retirement
 Plans We provide our executive officers with health, welfare and
 retirement programs comparable to those provided to employees
 and executives at other companies in similar industries. All
 employees of USEC Inc., including the NEOs, are eligible to
 participate in the USEC Savings Program (401(k) Plan). Employees
 of USEC Inc. hired before September 1, 2008 are eligible to
 participate in the Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc.
 Effective September 1, 2008, we closed the retirement plan
 to new participants. Employees hired on or after
 September 1, 2008 or who elect not to participate in the
 retirement plan receive an enhanced employer matching
 contribution under the USEC Savings Plan. All of the NEOs
 participate in the Employees’ 35 Table of Contents Retirement Plan of USEC Inc. In addition, NEOs and other
 executives designated by the Company are entitled to participate
 in the USEC Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and (in
 the case of executives eligible to participate in the
 Employees’ Retirement Plan) the Pension Restoration Plan.
 Each of the NEOs also participates in a supplemental executive
 retirement plan. The benefit plan descriptions here and in the
 Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010 table provide an
 explanation of the major features of these benefit plans. Savings Plans. NEOs have the opportunity to
 participate in two defined contribution savings plans: The USEC
 Savings Program and the USEC Inc. Executive Deferred
 Compensation Plan (the “Deferred Compensation Plan”). The USEC Savings Program is a tax-qualified broad-based 401(k)
 employee savings plan. USEC Inc. employees, including the NEOs,
 are able to contribute the lesser of up to 50% of their annual
 base salary or dollar limits established annually by the
 Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) ($16,500 in 2010 and
 2011). The Company matches 100% of the first 3% of pay that is
 contributed to the USEC Savings Program and 50% of the next 2%
 of pay contributed. Employee contributions are fully vested upon
 contribution and Company match contributions vest 50% after two
 years of service and 100% after three years of service. The Deferred Compensation Plan is intended to be a non-qualified
 deferred compensation plan that complies with the regulations of
 Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended. Participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan may
 elect to defer up to a maximum of 90% and a minimum of 5% of
 base salary and a maximum of 100% and a minimum of 5% of cash
 bonus amounts received through the Company’s incentive
 compensation programs. The Company matches participant
 contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan at the rate
 that would apply if they had been contributed to the USEC
 Savings Program without regard for any statutory limitations,
 reduced by amounts contributed to the USEC Savings Program. More
 information regarding the Deferred Compensation Plan can be
 found in the narrative accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred
 Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 table. Pension Plans. NEOs (all of whom were hired
 prior to September 1, 2008 and are therefore eligible to
 participate in the Employees’ Retirement Plan) have the
 opportunity to participate in a qualified pension plan, a
 pension restoration plan and one of two supplemental executive
 retirement plans (each, a “SERP”). The Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc. is a
 broad-based, tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan whose
 maximum benefits are limited by legislation, while the USEC Inc.
 Pension Restoration Plan is a non-qualified supplemental pension
 benefit that is designed to continue the accrual of pension
 benefits that exceed the legislated limits under the
 Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc. All officers,
 including the NEOs, who are eligible for the qualified pension
 plan and whose compensation exceeds the qualified plan limits,
 are automatically enrolled in the USEC Inc. Pension Restoration
 Plan. Information regarding the calculation of benefits under
 the Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc. and the USEC
 Inc. Pension Restoration Plan can be found in the narrative
 accompanying the Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010 table. We also maintain two SERPs. The USEC Inc. 1999 Supplemental
 Executive Retirement Plan (the “1999 SERP”) was
 approved by the Compensation Committee in 1999 and
 Mr. Sewell is the only active participant. No additional
 participants were added after 2001. The 1999 SERP provides
 Mr. Sewell with a benefit calculated in the form of a
 monthly annuity equal to 55% of his final average compensation,
 with offsets for benefits received under our retirement programs
 and any U.S. government retirement program to which the
 Company contributed, and Social Security benefits. More
 information regarding the calculation of benefits payable to
 Mr. Sewell under the 1999 SERP can be found in the
 narrative accompanying the Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010
 table. The other NEOs participate in the USEC Inc. 2006 Supplemental
 Executive Retirement Plan (the “2006 SERP”). The 2006
 SERP was designed to be less expensive than the 1999 SERP. As
 applicable to the CEO, the 2006 SERP incorporates the terms of a
 SERP agreed to with Mr. Welch in September 2005 in
 connection with setting his initial terms of employment. We
 agreed to provide Mr. Welch a benefit equal to 30% of final
 average pay with five years of service, increasing to 50% with
 ten or more years of service, with offsets for benefits received
 under our other retirement programs and Social Security benefits. 36 Table of Contents As applicable to participants other than the CEO, the 2006 SERP
 provides for a monthly supplemental retirement benefit equal to
 2.5% of final average pay for each year of service, to a maximum
 benefit of 50% after 20 years of service, with offsets for
 benefits received under our other retirement programs and Social
 Security benefits. In determining to implement the 2006 SERP and
 determining the level of benefits to be provided, the
 Compensation Committee worked with its compensation consultant
 and reviewed tally sheets that showed the value of total
 compensation paid to executives. More information regarding the
 calculation of benefits under the 2006 SERP can be found in the
 narrative accompanying the Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010
 table. Participation in the 2006 SERP is contingent on the
 participant’s agreeing to comply with certain restrictive
 covenants relating to confidentiality, non-competition and
 non-solicitation of Company employees for a period of time
 following his termination of employment. Severance
 Arrangements Executive Severance Plan. We believe that in
 the absence of employment agreements between the Company and its
 key employees, it is appropriate to have a reasonable severance
 policy in place in order to attenuate concerns about short-term
 continuity of income and allow executives to focus on the
 Company’s business. The USEC Inc. Executive Severance Plan
 (the “Executive Severance Plan”) was approved by the
 Board in 2008. Payment and benefit levels under the Executive
 Severance Plan were set in 2008 by the Compensation Committee,
 in consultation with its compensation consultant, at a level
 determined to be competitive and reasonable with respect to the
 intent of the program and consistent with an earlier executive
 severance policy, and are generally equal to one times annual
 base salary and annual incentive, as described in more detail in
 the narrative accompanying the Potential Payments Upon
 Termination or Change in Control table. We believe the Executive
 Severance Plan continues to be important in attracting and
 retaining executives and is competitive with our peers. Change in Control Agreements. We believe that
 change in control agreements are an important tool for executive
 retention and the retention of other key employees. We undertook
 a review of the Company’s strategic alternatives in 2010
 and these agreements were important in retaining our executives.
 We have entered into change in control agreements with each of
 the NEOs. These agreements have an initial term of three years,
 which is automatically extended for additional one-year periods
 unless the Board has given notice of non-renewal. We believe it
 is important to protect executives with change in control
 agreements from termination of those agreements on short notice.
 Upon a change in control, the agreements will expire no earlier
 than three years following the date that the change in control
 occurs. A change in control is generally defined as the
 acquisition by a person of 30% or more of the voting power of
 the Company, a change in the majority of the Company’s
 Board, the consummation of certain mergers or consolidations
 involving the Company, a sale or disposition of 40% or more of
 the Company’s assets, or a liquidation of the Company
 involving the sale of at least 40% of the Company’s assets. Payment and benefit levels under the change in control
 agreements were set when these agreements were put into place
 and were based on an assessment by the Compensation Committee of
 what was competitive and reasonable with respect to the intent
 of the program. The Compensation Committee periodically reviews
 the payment and benefit level under these agreements and we
 continue to believe they are competitive and reasonable. The change in control agreements provide each NEO with certain
 benefits if there is a change in control of the Company and within a protected period beginning three
 months before and ending three years after that change in
 control (the “protected period”) the Company
 terminates his employment for any reason other than cause, or
 the executive terminates his employment for “good
 reason” (as defined in the agreement). We believe this
 “double trigger” is appropriate because the purpose of
 the change in control agreements is to provide enhanced
 severance protection and not to provide a windfall upon the
 change in control. These benefits are in lieu of any severance
 benefits the NEO would otherwise be eligible to receive under
 our Executive Severance Plan. In order to receive these
 benefits, the NEO must comply with the non-competition,
 non-solicitation, and 37 Table of Contents confidentiality provisions of the change in control agreement
 during the term of the agreement and for a period thereafter. Under the terms of each NEO’s change in control agreement,
 if during a protected period he is terminated other than for
 cause or terminates his employment for “good reason,”
 he would receive a cash payment of his unpaid base salary
 through the date of termination plus all other amounts to which
 he was entitled under any compensation or benefit plan of the
 Company. In addition, as a change in control payment, he would
 receive a cash lump sum payment equal to 2.5 times the sum of
 his final base salary and his final average bonus (generally the
 average of the three most recent annual incentive awards paid to
 the executive prior to the date of termination). In addition,
 under the terms of each agreement, we would provide him and his
 dependents with continuation of life, accident and health
 insurance benefits for 2.5 years following the occurrence
 of the change in control or, if sooner, until he is covered by
 comparable programs of a subsequent employer. In addition, the
 executive will receive 2.5 additional years of service for
 purposes of retirement plan benefits under the SERPs. If the
 executive receives payments, whether or not under his or her
 agreement that would subject him to any federal excise tax due
 under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, either his
 severance payments would be reduced so as not to trigger the
 excise tax or, if it would produce a larger net benefit, the
 executive will receive a cash payment equal to the amount of the
 excise tax, which would partially reimburse the executive for
 the amount of the tax. This excise tax gross-up has
 been in the Company’s form of agreement since the
 Company’s change in control arrangements were put in place
 in 1999 to mitigate the arbitrary tax results that can fall
 inequitably on some executives and not others. However, the
 Compensation Committee has determined that beginning in 2011,
 new or materially amended agreements will not provide for an
 excise tax gross-up. For details of payments under the above arrangements, see the
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control table. Limited
 Perquisites We maintain a limited number of perquisites for senior executive
 officers, including an annual financial counseling allowance of
 $7,500 ($15,000 for the CEO) and an annual executive physical
 valued at approximately $4,000. We also reimburse the CEO for
 annual dues for up to two business or social organizations or
 clubs. Perquisites do not represent a significant compensation
 element for any of the NEOs. Recovery
 of Incentive Compensation Our equity incentive plan includes a compensation recovery or
 “claw back” provision that requires repayment of all
 payments in settlement of any awards earned or accrued
 (including annual and long-term incentives) during the 12-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the
 SEC of a financial document that is subsequently restated as a
 result of misconduct. The claw back applies to a grantee who
 knowingly or through gross negligence engaged in or failed to
 prevent the misconduct or who is subject to automatic forfeiture
 under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In
 addition, we intend to adopt a clawback policy in 2011 that
 implements any final rulemaking under Section 954 of the
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and
 the amendment to our equity incentive plan that we are proposing
 to shareholders for approval at the annual meeting amends our
 equity incentive plan to implement this policy once adopted. See
 “Proposal 4. Approval of First Amendment to the USEC
 Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan.” Hedging
 Prohibition As part of our insider trading policy, our directors, executives
 and other employees are prohibited from entering into short
 sales or engaging in hedging transactions involving our
 securities. Stock
 Ownership Guidelines Every executive officer and certain other employees must hold an
 ownership stake in the Company that is significant in comparison
 to their base salary. The Compensation Committee has established
 stock ownership 38 Table of Contents guidelines which apply to all executive officers and certain
 other employees. The amount required to be retained varies
 depending on the executive’s position. These guidelines
 must generally be achieved within five years after the person
 becomes subject to the guidelines. The stock ownership
 guidelines that apply to each of the NEOs as well as their
 achievement as of December 31, 2010 are shown in the table
 below: Number of | Stock
Stock Ownership Guideline | Years of | Ownership as
Name | (number of shares) | Service | of 12/31/10
John K. Welch | 300,000 | 5 | 1,162,704
John C. Barpoulis | 65,000 | 5 | 315,628
Peter B. Saba | 65,000 | 2 | 184,901
Philip G. Sewell | 65,000 | 9 | 294,036
Robert Van Namen | 65,000 | 12 | 326,741 Tax and
 Accounting Treatments of Elements of Compensation In its deliberations, the Compensation Committee considers the
 potential impact of IRC Section 162(m). IRC
 Section 162(m) currently disallows a tax deduction for the
 Company for individual executive compensation exceeding
 $1 million in any taxable year for the CEO and certain of
 our other NEOs, other than compensation that is
 performance-based under a plan that is approved by the
 shareholders of the Company and that meets certain other
 technical requirements. Annual incentive awards,
 performance-based restricted stock, the new performance-based
 long-term cash incentive, and stock options are intended to meet
 the performance-based compensation requirements, while base
 salary and time-vested restricted stock are not. While we design certain components of executive compensation to
 preserve deductibility, we believe that shareholder interests
 are best served by not restricting our discretion and
 flexibility in crafting compensation programs, even though such
 programs may result in certain non-deductible compensation
 expenses. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee may from time
 to time approve compensation arrangements for certain officers
 that are not fully deductible. Further, because of ambiguities
 and uncertainties as to the application and interpretation of
 IRC Section 162(m) and the regulations issued thereunder,
 no assurance can be given, notwithstanding our efforts, that
 compensation intended to satisfy the requirements for
 deductibility under IRC Section 162(m) does in fact do so. In addition, in structuring compensation arrangements, we intend
 to permit participants to avoid potential tax penalties under
 IRC Section 409A. We also take into account the impact of
 potential gross-up payments by the Company to cover federal excise taxes due under
 Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. We consider the accounting and dilution impact of equity awards
 made to executive officers. We account for our equity incentive
 grants under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718
 and use the Black-Scholes option pricing formula for determining
 the fair value of our stock option grants. Compensation
 Consultant Independence In addition to the fees paid to Towers Watson in 2010 for
 consulting services related to executive or director
 compensation, Towers Watson also provided human resources
 consulting services to the Company in 2010, including services
 related to actuarial valuations for the Company’s pension
 and postretirement plans, retirement plan consulting and health
 and welfare plan consulting. The following table shows the fees
 that were paid to Towers Watson in 2010. All of the services
 described in the following fee table were approved or ratified
 by the Compensation Committee: 2010 Consulting Fees Related to Executive or Director Compensation | $ | 189,071
All Other Fees | $ | 1,106,151
Total | $ | 1,295,222 The total fees paid to Towers Watson represented less than
 one-tenth of 1% of Towers Watson’s revenue for 2010. Towers
 Watson has in place policies and procedures to prevent conflicts
 of interest, including: (1) neither Towers Watson’s
 compensation consultant nor any member of his team participates
 in any of the 39 Table of Contents other consulting services provided to us by Towers Watson and
 (2) Towers Watson’s compensation consultant is not
 compensated or rewarded in any way for the other consulting
 services provided to us. In addition, the Compensation Committee
 has adopted a policy under which the Compensation Committee must
 approve in advance all consulting services provided to us by
 Towers Watson or its affiliates. No member of the Towers Watson
 consulting team has any business or personal relationship with
 any member of the Compensation Committee and the lead consultant
 does not directly own any USEC stock. Accordingly, the
 Compensation Committee is satisfied that Towers Watson’s
 advice to the Compensation Committee is objective and
 independent. Director
 Compensation Director compensation is established by the Board upon the
 recommendation of the Compensation Committee. In recommending
 director compensation, the Compensation Committee consults with
 Towers Watson. Towers Watson utilizes compensation information
 from a peer group of companies with board members with
 comparable experience to the Company’s Board. Compensation
 Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by
 Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K (Section 229.402(b)) with management. Based on this review
 and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the
 Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 be included in this proxy statement. Compensation Committee H. William Habermeyer, Chairman Joyce F. Brown Joseph T. Doyle Risk
 Assessment of the Compensation Programs The Compensation Committee reviews the Company’s
 compensation policies and practices for all employees, including
 executive officers, and has determined that risks arising from
 our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably
 likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The
 Compensation Committee also considers whether our compensation
 programs include certain design features which have been
 identified as having the potential to encourage excessive
 risk-taking when part of the plan design at other companies,
 such as: too much focus on short-term objectives, too much
 weight on one metric or objective, too many objectives or
 improper weighting of objectives, compensation mix overly
 weighted to cash, excessive use of stock options, and
 unreasonable award levels or goals. The Compensation Committee
 has noted several design features of the Company’s
 compensation programs for executives that reduce the likelihood
 of excessive risk-taking: the program design provides a balanced
 mix of cash and equity, annual and long-term incentives, and
 performance metrics, maximum payout levels awards are reasonable
 and market competitive, the Compensation Committee has downward
 discretion over incentive program awards, the Company’s
 equity incentive plan allows the Company to “claw
 back” payments to those engaged in misconduct related to a
 restatement of the Company’s financial results, and
 executives are subject to stock ownership guidelines. The
 Compensation Committee has determined that, for all employees,
 the Company’s compensation programs do not encourage
 excessive risk and instead encourage behaviors that support
 sustainable value creation. 40 Table of Contents Summary
 Compensation Table The following table sets forth information regarding the
 compensation of our NEOs for the years ended December 31,
 2008, 2009 and 2010. Change in
Pension
Value and
Non-Qualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Name and | Fiscal | Salary | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation
Principal Position | Year | (1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) | (6) | Total
John K. Welch | 2010 | $ | 900,000 | $ | 1,575,000 | $ | 675,001 | $ | 1,164,600 | $ | 775,545 | $ | 84,510 | $ | 5,174,656
President and CEO | 2009 | $ | 934,615 | $ | 2,125,767 | $ | 675,000 | $ | 544,500 | $ | 1,799,094 | $ | 60,953 | $ | 6,139,929
2008 | $ | 900,000 | $ | 1,720,430 | $ | 675,001 | $ | 371,853 | $ | 1,298,226 | $ | 61,512 | $ | 5,027,022
John C. Barpoulis | 2010 | $ | 440,654 | $ | 513,602 | $ | 256,800 | $ | 380,941 | $ | 193,221 | $ | 22,405 | $ | 1,807,623
Senior Vice President and | 2009 | $ | 421,598 | $ | 507,355 | $ | 240,001 | $ | 197,120 | $ | 130,050 | $ | 20,321 | $ | 1,516,445
Chief Financial Officer | 2008 | $ | 400,000 | $ | 405,646 | $ | 239,999 | $ | 239,182 | $ | 92,036 | $ | 9,200 | $ | 1,386,063
Peter B. Saba | 2010 | $ | 384,615 | $ | 390,002 | $ | 156,000 | $ | 353,262 | $ | 57,313 | $ | 9,800 | $ | 1,350,992
Senior Vice President, | 2009 | $ | 381,154 | $ | 395,304 | $ | 148,000 | $ | 185,833 | $ | 33,335 | $ | 9,800 | $ | 1,153,426
General Counsel and | 2008 | $ | 250,385 | $ | 198,921 | $ | 39,007 | $ | 70,989 | $ | 44,328 | $ | 9,200 | $ | 612,830
Secretary
Philip G. Sewell | 2010 | $ | 487,851 | $ | 563,998 | $ | 282,000 | $ | 418,324 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,752,173
Senior Vice President, | 2009 | $ | 505,928 | $ | 596,139 | $ | 282,000 | $ | 228,655 | $ | 67,889 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,680,611
American Centrifuge and | 2008 | $ | 473,269 | $ | 476,635 | $ | 281,999 | $ | 282,677 | $ | 396,197 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,910,777
Russian HEU
Robert Van Namen | 2010 | $ | 423,154 | $ | 513,602 | $ | 256,800 | $ | 380,941 | $ | 227,133 | $ | 17,882 | $ | 1,819,512
Senior Vice President, | 2009 | $ | 425,769 | $ | 520,037 | $ | 246,001 | $ | 202,048 | $ | 189,922 | $ | 22,236 | $ | 1,606,013
Uranium Enrichment | 2008 | $ | 410,000 | $ | 413,463 | $ | 246,000 | $ | 240,696 | $ | 214,180 | $ | 30,038 | $ | 1,554,377 (1) | The Company had 27 pay periods in 2009; however, annual salaries are calculated based on 26 pay periods. This additional pay period is included in the amounts in the Salary column for 2009. The amounts shown in the Salary column also include amounts paid in a year for unused accrued vacation time.
(2) | The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represents the aggregate grant date fair value in the fiscal year related to stock awards earned by the NEOs, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column for a fiscal year include (a) awards made to the NEOs under the Company’s long-term incentive program during March of that year and (b) the restricted stock portion of any annual incentives earned by the NEOs for that year based on the Compensation Committee’s evaluation of each officer’s performance during the year, which awards are paid in March of the following year. For 2010, all annual incentive awards to the NEOs were paid 100% in cash and are included in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column. For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.
(3) | The amounts shown in the Option Awards column represent the aggregate grant date fair value in the fiscal year related to option awards to the NEOs under the Company’s long-term incentive program, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.
(4) | The amounts shown in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column include the cash portion of the annual incentive awards made to each of the NEOs based on the Compensation Committee’s evaluation of each officer’s performance during the year. The amounts shown for a fiscal year include cash annual incentives earned for that year and paid in March of the following year. For 2010, all annual incentive awards were paid 100% in cash.
For 2009, all of the NEOs had met their stock ownership guidelines and elected to receive their 2009 annual incentive awards 100% in cash. 41 Table of Contents For 2008, all of the NEOs had met their stock ownership guidelines and were eligible to receive their entire 2008 annual incentive award in cash. NEOs are eligible to receive 20% incentive payments of restricted stock for taking amounts they are entitled to receive in cash in restricted stock in lieu of cash. Amounts shown represent only the portion of the annual incentive awards that was paid in cash as follows: Welch 0%, Barpoulis 50%, Saba 50%, Sewell 50%, Van Namen 50%. Mr. Welch took his entire annual incentive award of $871,190 in restricted stock and therefore received an incentive payment of $174,238 in restricted stock. Messrs. Barpoulis, Saba, Sewell and Van Namen took 50% of their annual incentive awards of $276,077, $129,000, $324,394 and $279,104, respectively, in restricted stock and therefore received incentive payments of $27,608, $12,900, $32,439 and $27,910, respectively, in restricted stock. Restricted stock granted to Messrs. Welch, Barpoulis, Saba, Sewell and Van Namen for 2008 annual incentive awards was granted in March 2009 and is shown in the Summary Compensation Table under Stock Awards for 2008. Amounts for 2008 also include cash payouts made in March 2009 under a three-year performance plan for the performance period March 1, 2006 through December 31, 2008 as follows: Mr. Welch, $371,853; Mr. Barpoulis, $101,144; Mr. Saba, $6,489; Mr. Sewell, $120,480; and Mr. Van Namen, $101,144.
(5) | The amounts shown in the Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation earnings column represent the change in the actuarial present value of the NEO’s accumulated benefits under the Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc., the USEC Inc. Pension Restoration Plan and the USEC Inc. 2006 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (or, in the case of Mr. Sewell, the 1999 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan) at December 31, 2010, as compared to December 31, 2009; at December 31, 2009, as compared to December 31, 2008; and at December 31, 2008, as compared to December 31, 2007. The actuarial present value of Mr. Sewell’s accumulated benefits under these plans as of December 31, 2010 decreased by $337,954 as compared to December 31, 2009. None of our plans provide for above-market earnings on deferred compensation amounts, and as a result, the amounts reported here do not reflect any such earnings.
(6) | The amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column for 2010 for Mr. Welch, Mr. Barpoulis, Mr. Saba and Mr. Van Namen include Company matching contributions of $9,800 made under the USEC Savings Program. The amounts for Mr. Welch and Mr. Van Namen for 2010 also include Company matching contributions of $47,980 and $8,082, respectively, made under the USEC Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as included in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 table. For Mr. Welch and Mr. Barpoulis, the amount shown for 2010 also includes $26,730 and $12,605, respectively, for perquisites and other personal benefits received in 2010. Perquisites and other personal benefits for Mr. Welch for 2010 included: financial counseling, club membership dues, an annual physical, and spouse travel and related expenses. Perquisites and other personal benefits for Mr. Barpoulis for 2010 included financial counseling. No one perquisite for Mr. Welch or Mr. Barpoulis exceeded the greater of $25,000 or 10% of the total amount of these benefits for such executive. 42 Table of Contents Grants of
 Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2010 The following table sets forth information concerning each grant
 of an award to a NEO in the year ended December 31, 2010
 under any plan. All | All
Other | Other
Stock | Option | Exercise | Grant Date
Date of | Estimated Possible | Awards: | Awards: | or Base | Fair
Compensation | Payouts Under | Number | Number of | Price | Value of
Committee | Non-Equity Incentive | of Shares | Securities | Option | Stock and
Grant | Action | Awards(1) | of Stock | Underlying | Awards | Option
Name | Date | (if different) | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | ($/Sh) | Awards(2)
John K. Welch | 2/10/10 | $ | 0 | $ | 900,000 | $ | 1,350,000
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 304,054 | (4) | $ | 1,575,000
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 240,214 | (5) | $ | 5.18 | $ | 675,001
John C. Barpoulis | 2/10/10 | $ | 0 | $ | 299,600 | $ | 449,400
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 99,151 | (4) | $ | 513,602
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 91,388 | (5) | $ | 5.18 | $ | 256,800
Peter B. Saba | 2/10/10 | $ | 0 | $ | 273,000 | $ | 409,500
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 75,290 | (4) | $ | 390,002
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 55,516 | (5) | $ | 5.18 | $ | 156,000
Philip G. Sewell | 2/10/10 | $ | 0 | $ | 329,000 | $ | 493,500
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 108,880 | (4) | $ | 563,998
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 100,356 | (5) | $ | 5.18 | $ | 282,000
Robert Van Namen | 2/10/10 | $ | 0 | $ | 299,600 | $ | 449,400
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 99,151 | (4) | $ | 513,602
3/08/10 | 2/10/10 | (3) | 91,388 | (5) | $ | 5.18 | $ | 256,800 (1) | Amounts shown are estimated possible cash payouts for 2010 annual incentives based on performance against 2010 corporate and individual performance goals at the threshold (0%), target (100%) and maximum (150%) levels. Actual payouts of 2010 annual incentives were approved by the Compensation Committee in February 2011 and were 127% to 129% of target for each of the NEOs. These payouts are shown in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table.
(2) | The value of the stock awards is based on the fair value of such award on the grant date, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
(3) | These long-term incentive awards were granted by the Compensation Committee, effective as of a later date following the release of the Company’s audited financial results.
(4) | Includes shares of restricted stock granted to the NEOs in 2010 under the Company’s long-term incentive program. These shares will vest ratably over three years from the date of grant.
(5) | Includes non-qualified stock options granted to the NEOs in 2010 under the Company’s long-term incentive program. These options will vest ratably over three years from the date of grant. Outstanding
 Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End December 31,
 2010 The following table sets forth information regarding unexercised
 options, stock that has not vested, and outstanding equity
 incentive plan awards as of the year ended December 31,
 2010 for each of the NEOs. Awards granted prior to
 April 30, 2009 are governed by the USEC Inc. 1999 Equity
 Incentive Plan (the “1999 Plan”) and awards granted on
 or after April 30, 2009 are governed by the USEC Inc. 2009
 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2009 Plan”). If an
 executive’s employment is terminated by the Company without
 cause or is terminated by reason of the executive’s death,
 disability or retirement (normal retirement or unreduced early
 retirement), or upon a change in control, all of the
 executive’s shares of restricted stock and unvested stock
 options granted under the 1999 Plan will become vested. If an
 executive’s employment is terminated by the Company without
 cause or is terminated by reason of the executive’s death,
 disability or retirement, or is terminated by the Company
 without cause or by the executive with good reason coincident
 with or following a 43 Table of Contents change in control, all of the executive’s shares of
 restricted stock and unvested stock options granted under the
 2009 Plan will become vested. In addition, if an executive
 becomes eligible for retirement, all of the executive’s
 shares of restricted stock granted under the 2009 Plan will
 become vested. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Market
Number of | Number of | Number of | Value of
Securities | Securities | Shares or | Shares or
Underlying | Underlying | Units of | Units of
Unexercised | Unexercised | Option | Option | Stock That | Stock That
Options | Options | Exercise | Expiration | Have Not | Have Not
Name | Exercisable | Unexercisable | Price | Date | Vested | Vested
John K. Welch | 88,621 | $ | 12.09 | 3/28/11 | 592,450 | (1) | $ | 3,566,549
87,068 | $ | 13.24 | 3/05/12
201,794 | 100,897 | (2) | $ | 5.86 | 3/03/13
124,309 | 248,619 | (3) | $ | 3.72 | 3/04/14
240,214 | (4) | $ | 5.18 | 3/08/15
John C. Barpoulis | 190,223 | (5) | $ | 1,145,142
28,122 | $ | 12.09 | 3/28/11
25,701 | $ | 13.24 | 3/05/12
71,749 | 35,874 | (2) | $ | 5.86 | 3/03/13
44,199 | 88,398 | (3) | $ | 3.72 | 3/04/14
91,388 | (4) | $ | 5.18 | 3/08/15
Peter B. Saba | 11,661 | 5,831 | (6) | $ | 5.23 | 5/06/13 | 141,929 | (7) | $ | 854,413
27,256 | 54,512 | (3) | $ | 3.72 | 3/04/14
55,516 | (4) | $ | 5.18 | 3/08/15
Philip G. Sewell | 59,300 | $ | 8.50 | 7/31/11 | 42,931 | (8) | $ | 258,445
48,142 | $ | 7.02 | 8/07/12
50,000 | $ | 7.00 | 8/06/13
33,499 | $ | 12.09 | 3/28/11
31,208 | $ | 13.24 | 3/05/12
84,305 | 42,152 | (2) | $ | 5.86 | 3/03/13
51,934 | 103,867 | (3) | $ | 3.72 | 3/04/14
100,356 | (4) | $ | 5.18 | 3/08/15
Robert Van Namen | 36,000 | $ | 8.50 | 7/31/11 | 192,500 | (9) | $ | 1,158,850
18,000 | $ | 7.00 | 8/06/13
28,122 | $ | 12.09 | 3/28/11
27,243 | $ | 13.24 | 3/05/12
73,543 | 36,771 | (2) | $ | 5.86 | 3/03/13
45,304 | 90,608 | (3) | $ | 3.72 | 3/04/14
91,388 | (4) | $ | 5.18 | 3/08/15 (1) | Shares of restricted stock vest as follows: 38,396 shares with a vesting date of March 3, 2011; 125,000 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2011; 101,351 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2011; 101,351 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2012; 125,000 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2012; and 101,352 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2013.
(2) | Stock options vest at the rate of 33 1 / 3 % per year, with vesting dates of March 3, 2009, March 3, 2010, and March 3, 2011.
(3) | Stock options vest at the rate of 33 1 / 3 % per year, with vesting dates of March 4, 2010, March 4, 2011, and March 4, 2012.
(4) | Stock options vest at the rate of 33 1 / 3 % per year, with vesting dates of March 8, 2011, March 8, 2012, and March 8, 2013.
(5) | Shares of restricted stock vest as follows: 13,652 shares with a vesting date of March 3, 2011; 38,709 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2011; 33,050 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2011; 38,710 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2012; 33,050 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2012; and 33,051 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2013.
(6) | Stock options vest at the rate of 33 1 / 3 % per year, with vesting dates of May 6, 2009, May 6, 2010, and May 6, 2011. 44 Table of Contents (7) | Shares of restricted stock vest as follows: 29,176 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2011; 8,287 shares with a vesting date of May 6, 2011; 25,096 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2011; 29,176 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2012; 25,097 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2012; and 25,097 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2013
(8) | Shares of restricted stock vest as follows: 10,435 shares with a vesting date of March 3, 2011; 16,248 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2011; and 16,248 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2012.
(9) | Shares of restricted stock vest as follows: 13,994 shares with a vesting date of March 3, 2011; 39,677 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2011; 33,050 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2011; 39,678 shares with a vesting date of March 4, 2012; 33,050 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2012; and 33,051 shares with a vesting date of March 8, 2013. Option
 Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2010 The following table sets forth information regarding each
 exercise of stock options and each vesting of restricted stock
 during the year ended December 31, 2010 for each of the
 NEOs. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Shares | Value Realized on | Number of Shares | Value Realized on
Name | Acquired on Exercise | Exercise | Acquired on Vesting | Vesting(1)
John K. Welch | — | — | 454,873 | $ | 2,378,164
John C. Barpoulis | — | — | 99,973 | $ | 522,337
Peter B. Saba | — | — | 55,983 | $ | 285,435
Philip G. Sewell | — | — | 232,285 | $ | 1,206,623
Robert Van Namen | — | — | 101,955 | $ | 532,677 (1) | Amounts reflect the closing market price of the stock on the day the stock vested. 45 Table of Contents Pension
 Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010 We maintain the Employees’ Retirement Plan of USEC Inc., a
 tax-qualified defined benefit plan that provides retirement
 benefits to eligible employees. Section 415 and
 Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code generally
 place a limit on the amount of annual pension that can be paid
 from a tax-qualified plan as well as on the amount of annual
 earnings that can be used to calculate a pension benefit. We
 also maintain the USEC Inc. Pension Restoration Plan that pays
 eligible employees the difference between the amount payable
 under the tax-qualified plan and the amount they would have
 received without the qualified plan’s limits. We also
 maintain two supplemental executive retirement plans (each, a
 “SERP”) in order to provide additional retirement
 benefits to executives to be competitive with the market.
 Mr. Welch, Mr. Barpoulis, Mr. Saba and
 Mr. Van Namen participate in the USEC Inc. 2006
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “2006
 SERP”) and Mr. Sewell is the sole active participant
 in the USEC Inc. 1999 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 (the “1999 SERP”). The USEC Inc. Pension Restoration
 Plan and the SERPs are unfunded and are subject to forfeiture in
 the event of insolvency. The following table shows the present value of benefits that the
 NEOs are entitled to under the Employees’ Retirement Plan
 of USEC Inc. (the “Retirement Plan”), the USEC Inc.
 Pension Restoration Plan (the “Pension Restoration
 Plan”), and the applicable SERP. Mr. Saba was not
 vested in the Retirement Plan, the Pension Restoration Plan or
 the 2006 SERP as of December 31, 2010. However, he would be
 entitled to a minimum benefit under the 2006 SERP in the case of
 a change in control or death or disability as shown in the
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control table. Present Value of
Number of Years of | Accumulated | Payments During
Name | Plan Name | Credited Service | Benefit(1) | Last Fiscal Year
John K. Welch | Retirement Plan | 5 yrs., 2 mos. | $ | 166,818 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan | 5 yrs., 2 mos. | $ | 895,452 | $ | 0
2006 SERP | 5 yrs., 2 mos. | $ | 4,167,176 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 5,229,446 | $ | 0
John C. Barpoulis | Retirement Plan | 5 yrs., 9 mos. | $ | 97,205 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan | 5 yrs., 9 mos. | $ | 236,529 | $ | 0
2006 SERP | 5 yrs., 9 mos. | $ | 155,453 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 489,187 | $ | 0
Peter B. Saba | Retirement Plan | 2 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 68,848 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan | 2 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 66,128 | $ | 0
2006 SERP | 2 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 134,976 | $ | 0
Philip G. Sewell | Retirement Plan | 9 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 354,495 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan | 9 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 0
1999 SERP | 9 yrs., 8 mos. | $ | 3,237,739 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 4,602,859 | $ | 0
Robert Van Namen | Retirement Plan | 12 yrs. | $ | 241,997 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan | 12 yrs. | $ | 599,464 | $ | 0
2006 SERP | 12 yrs. | $ | 359,595 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 1,201,056 | $ | 0 (1) | In determining the present value of each participant’s pension benefit, a 5.77% discount rate is assumed. An assumed interest rate of 5.90% is used in converting Pension Restoration Plan, 2006 SERP and 1999 SERP annuities into lump sums. The lump sum interest rate is determined at the time of benefit commencement and reflects the un-annualized Moody’s Aa index bond yield plus 75 basis points. For purposes 46 Table of Contents of this table, the calculation assumes retirement at the earliest age at which unreduced benefits could be paid, including projected future service for eligibility purposes only. The Retirement Plan and Pension Restoration Plan benefits shown
 in the table above are net present values. All NEOs have elected
 a lump sum form of payment under the Pension Restoration Plan
 for benefits earned and vested after 2004. Pension Restoration
 Plan benefits earned prior to 2005 are payable as an annuity. As
 of December 31, 2010, benefits under the Retirement Plan
 are not payable as a lump sum (except that under the terms of
 the plan, Mr. Van Namen is eligible to receive a lump sum
 for any benefit accrued prior to 2001). The normal form of
 payment under the Retirement Plan is a single life annuity or a
 50% joint and survivor annuity. Retirement benefits are
 calculated under the following three formulas, with the formula
 that gives the participant the largest benefit used for the
 final calculation: • | Regular Formula: The monthly benefit under the “Regular Formula” is calculated as 1.2% of final average monthly compensation (base salary plus annual bonus) times years and months of credited service plus $110. There are no offsets to this benefit.
• | Alternate Formula: The monthly benefit under the “Alternate Formula” is calculated as 1.5% of final average monthly compensation (base salary plus annual bonus) times years and months of credited service minus 1.5% times actual or projected monthly primary Social Security benefit times years and months of credited service up to 33 1 / 3 years (up to a maximum of 50% of the actual or projected monthly Social Security benefit).
• | Minimum Formula: The monthly benefit under the “Minimum Formula” is calculated as $5 multiplied by the first ten years and months of credited service, plus $7 multiplied by the next ten years and months of credited service, plus $9 times the years and months of credited service in excess of 20 years, plus 10% (less 1% per year of credited service less than 8) of the final average monthly compensation as calculated under the Regular Formula plus $110. There are no offsets to this benefit. An employee’s final average monthly compensation (high
 3 years out of the last 10 or, if greater final
 36 months) includes base salary plus annual incentive
 compensation and does not include the value of any award under
 the Company’s long-term incentive program. Pension plan
 benefits are determined, in part, using the employee’s
 actual age and credited service. The normal retirement age under
 the Retirement Plan and Pension Restoration Plan is 65. An
 employee is eligible for early retirement without any reduction
 in benefits (1) if the employee has completed at least
 10 years of service and has attained the age of 62; or
 (2) if the sum of the employee’s age and years of
 service equals 85 or greater. In addition, an employee is
 eligible for early retirement after completing 10 years of
 credited service and attaining the age of 50, with benefits
 reduced based on employee age and credited service, per the
 plan’s reduction factor schedule. As of December 31,
 2010, Mr. Sewell was eligible for early unreduced
 retirement. He was the only NEO eligible for normal or early
 retirement under the Retirement Plan and Pension Restoration
 Plan. As a practice, the Company generally does not provide
 additional years of age or service (except under the change in
 control agreements, which grant additional service) and no NEO
 has been credited with additional years of age or service for
 purposes of computing a retirement benefit, under the Retirement
 Plan or the Pension Restoration Plan. The 1999 SERP provides Mr. Sewell with an annual benefit in
 the form of a monthly annuity equal to 55% of final average
 compensation, with offsets for (1) any benefits received
 under the Company’s other retirement programs and any
 U.S. federal governmental retirement program to which the
 Company has contributed on the participant’s behalf; and
 (2) Social Security benefits should the participant be
 eligible for such benefit. Mr. Sewell elected to receive a
 lump sum that is the actuarial equivalent of the above-described
 annuity for benefits earned and vested after 2004. Final average
 compensation for this purpose includes base salary and annual
 incentive compensation earned for the three years preceding the
 participant’s date of termination, divided by three. As of
 December 31, 2010, Mr. Sewell was eligible for normal
 retirement under the 1999 SERP. Participants in the 2006 SERP will generally accrue a monthly
 supplemental retirement benefit equal to 2.5% of their final
 average compensation for each year of service, to a maximum
 benefit equal to 50% of the final average compensation after
 20 years of service. Mr. Welch’s 2006 SERP
 benefit is equal to 30% of his 47 Table of Contents final average compensation based on his 5 years,
 2 months of service as of December 31, 2010. With
 seven years of service, this benefit increases to 40% of final
 average compensation and with ten or more years of service
 increases to 50% of final average compensation. Final average
 compensation under the 2006 SERP includes salary and annual
 incentive compensation paid (or vested, in the case of
 restricted stock) for the three years preceding the
 participant’s date of termination. The normal retirement
 age under the 2006 SERP is 62. Benefits are reduced by 6% (3%
 for Mr. Welch) for each year the executive commences
 payment of benefits prior to age 62. Monthly benefits
 payable under the 2006 SERP to a participant are offset by the
 amount the participant is eligible to receive under the
 Company’s other retirement plans and Social Security.
 Participants are generally vested in their benefits under the
 2006 SERP after five years of service, although vesting will be
 accelerated in the event of the participant’s death or
 termination of employment as a result of disability or in the
 event of a change in control of the Company. A minimum monthly
 supplemental retirement benefit equal to 10% of final average
 compensation applies where vesting is so accelerated. Benefits under the 2006 SERP are generally payable to a
 participant in the form of a lump sum (or an annuity at the
 election of the participant within the first 30 days of
 participation) when the participant terminates, but no earlier
 than age 55 (age 60 for Mr. Welch), except in the
 case of disability or death. All NEOs participating in the 2006
 SERP have elected a lump sum. Where a participant is terminated
 for cause (as defined in the 2006 SERP) or where a participant
 violates certain restrictive covenants, the participant’s
 benefits will be forfeited whether or not then vested and
 subject to repayment to the Company to the extent already paid
 to the participant. Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2010 NEOs have the opportunity to participate in the USEC Inc.
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Deferred
 Compensation Plan”). The Deferred Compensation Plan is
 intended to be a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that
 complies with the regulations of Section 409A of the
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Participation in the
 Deferred Compensation Plan is not limited to the Company’s
 officers but also includes a select group of management and
 highly compensated employees. Mr. Welch and Mr. Van
 Namen participated in the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2010.
 Participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan may elect to
 defer up to a maximum of 90% and a minimum of 5% of base salary
 and a maximum of 100% and a minimum of 5% of cash bonus amounts
 received through the Company’s incentive compensation
 programs. The Company matches participant contributions under
 the Deferred Compensation Plan at the rate that would apply if
 they had been contributed to the USEC Savings Program without
 regard for any statutory limitations, reduced by amounts
 contributed to the USEC Savings Program. A participant may
 receive a distribution from the Deferred Compensation Plan upon
 a qualifying distribution event such as a separation from
 service, disability, death, or in-service distribution on a
 specified date, change in control or an unforeseeable emergency
 all as defined in the plan. Distributions from the Deferred
 Compensation Plan will be made in cash in a lump sum, annual
 installments, or a combination of both, in the manner elected by
 the participant and provided for in the plan. Deferred
 Compensation Plan accounts are deemed to be invested in a number
 of mutual funds made available for designation by the
 participant. Executive | Registrant | Aggregate | Aggregate | Aggregate
Contributions | Contributions | Earnings | Withdrawals/ | Balance
Name | in Last FY(1) | in Last FY(2) | in Last FY(3) | Distributions | at Last FYE(4)
John K. Welch | $ | 144,450 | $ | 47,980 | $ | 60,962 | — | $ | 635,384
John C. Barpoulis | — | — | — | — | —
Peter B. Saba | — | — | — | — | —
Philip G. Sewell | — | — | — | — | —
Robert Van Namen | $ | 10,102 | $ | 8,082 | $ | 34,677 | — | $ | 277,638 (1) | Amount represents executive’s contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan. These amounts are also included in the Summary Compensation Table in the Salary column.
(2) | Amount represents the Company’s contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan. These amounts are also included in the Summary Compensation Table in the All Other Compensation column. 48 Table of Contents (3) | Amount represents earnings on the Deferred Compensation Plan during 2010.
(4) | Amount represents the aggregate balance for the NEOs as of December 31, 2010 under the Deferred Compensation Plan. Includes the executive’s contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan and a predecessor plan previously reported as compensation to the NEOs in the Summary Compensation Table in the Salary column in previous years, including as follows: Mr. Welch $93,462 in 2009 and $90,000 in 2008; and Mr. Van Namen $28,266 in 2009 and $37,547 in 2008. Amount includes the Company’s contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan and a predecessor plan previously reported as compensation in the Summary Compensation Table in the All Other Compensation column in previous years, including as follows: Mr. Welch $27,208 in 2009 and $26,800 in 2008; and Mr. Van Namen $12,436 in 2009 and $20,838 in 2008. Potential
 Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control The table below shows potential payments to our NEOs under
 existing agreements, plans or arrangements for various scenarios
 involving a termination of employment or a change in control of
 the Company. The table assumes a December 31, 2010 change
 in control and termination date and is based on the NEOs’
 compensation and service levels as of that date. Where
 applicable, the table uses the closing price of our common stock
 of $6.02 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of
 December 31, 2010. The benefits in the table below are in
 addition to certain benefits available generally to salaried
 employees, such as accrued salary and vacation pay and
 distributions of plan balances under the USEC Savings Program. Due to the number of factors that affect the nature and amounts
 of any benefits provided upon the events discussed below, any
 actual amounts paid or distributed may be different. Factors
 that could affect these amounts include the timing during the
 year of any such event, the Company’s stock price and the
 executive’s age. Payments
 Made Upon Termination Under the USEC Inc. Executive Severance Plan, if an executive
 officer is terminated by the Company without cause, he is
 eligible to receive the following: • | his current base salary and a prorated share of his current annual incentive (payable at the end of the performance period based on actual performance) up to the date of termination;
• | a lump sum cash severance equal to one year’s base salary at his current rate and an amount equal to his final average bonus (generally the average of the three most recent annual incentive bonuses paid to the executive prior to the date of termination); and
• | continuation of medical and dental coverage as well as life insurance paid for by the Company for one year after termination (or until he receives similar coverage from a subsequent employer, whichever occurs first) and outplacement assistance services. Severance benefits are contingent upon the executive executing a
 release and agreeing to comply with certain restrictive
 covenants relating to non-competition and non-solicitation of
 Company employees for a period of one year following his
 termination of employment. No severance is paid to an employee
 who is terminated for cause or who resigns voluntarily. Payments
 Made Upon a Change in Control The Company has entered into change in control agreements with
 each of the NEOs. The change in control agreements provide each
 NEO with the following benefits (in lieu of any severance
 benefits under the Executive Severance Plan described above) if
 there is a change in control of the Company and within a
 protected period beginning three months before and ending three
 years after that change in control (the 49 Table of Contents “protected period”), the Company terminates the
 executive’s employment without cause or the executive
 terminates his employment for “good reason” (as
 defined in the agreement): • | a cash lump sum payment of his unpaid base salary through the date of termination, plus all other amounts to which he was entitled under any of the Company’s compensation or benefit plans under the terms of such plans;
• | a cash lump sum payment equal to 2.5 times the sum of the executive’s final annual base salary and his final average bonus. The executive’s final average bonus is generally the average of the three most recent annual incentive bonuses paid to the executive prior to the date of termination;
• | continuation of life, accident and health insurance benefits for 2.5 years following the change in control, or, if sooner, until he is covered by comparable programs of a subsequent employer;
• | two and one-half additional years of service for purposes of vesting, eligibility and benefit accrual under the Company’s SERPs; and
• | if the executive receives payments that would subject him to any federal excise tax due under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, either his severance payments would be reduced so as not to trigger the excise tax or, if it would produce a larger net benefit, he would receive a cash payment equal to the amount of such excise tax. The calculation of the 280G gross-up amount in the tables below is based upon a 280G excise tax rate of 20%. In order to receive these benefits, the executive must comply
 with the non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality
 provisions of the change in control agreement during the term of
 the agreement and for a period thereafter. For purposes of the
 280G calculation we have not assumed that any amounts will be
 discounted as attributable to reasonable compensation or that
 any value will be attributed to executive’s being bound by
 the agreements regarding non-competition, non-solicitation and
 confidentiality contained in their change in control agreements,
 because these amounts are too subject to the facts and
 circumstances in place at the time of payment to be capable of
 valuation. Equity
 Awards Awards granted prior to April 30, 2009 are governed by the
 USEC Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan (the “1999 Plan”)
 and awards granted on or after April 30, 2009 are governed
 by the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2009
 Plan”). If an executive’s employment is terminated by
 the Company without cause or is terminated by reason of the
 executive’s death, disability or retirement (normal
 retirement or unreduced early retirement), or upon a change in
 control, all of the executive’s shares of restricted stock
 and unvested stock options granted under the 1999 Plan will
 become vested. If an executive’s employment is terminated
 by the Company without cause or is terminated by reason of the
 executive’s death, disability or retirement, or is
 terminated by the Company without cause or by the executive with
 good reason coincident with or following a change in control,
 all of the executive’s shares of restricted stock and
 unvested stock options granted under the 2009 Plan will become
 vested. In addition, if an executive becomes eligible for
 retirement, all of the executive’s shares of restricted
 stock granted under the 2009 Plan will become vested. If the executive’s employment is terminated for cause or if
 the executive voluntarily terminates employment (other than by
 retirement), all of the executive’s restricted stock and
 unvested stock options will be cancelled and forfeited. The table below includes the intrinsic value (that is, the value
 based on the closing price of the Company’s stock of $6.02
 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of
 December 31, 2010 and, in the case of options, less the
 exercise price) of stock options and restricted stock that would
 become exercisable or vested if the NEO terminated employment as
 of December 31, 2010. Retirement
 Benefits The Pension Benefits in Fiscal Year 2010 table describes the
 general terms of each retirement plan in which the NEOs
 participate, the years of credited service and the present value
 of each NEO’s accumulated 50 Table of Contents pension benefit. The table below includes the present value of
 benefits under the Employees Retirement Plan of USEC Inc. (the
 “Retirement Plan”), the USEC Inc. Pension Restoration
 Plan (the “Pension Restoration Plan”), the USEC Inc.
 1999 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “1999
 SERP”), and the USEC Inc. 2006 Supplemental Executive
 Retirement Plan (the “2006 SERP”) that would have
 become payable if the NEO had terminated employment as of
 December 31, 2010. Potential
 Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control Involuntary
or Good
Reason
Executive Benefits | Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination
and Payments | Voluntary | Retirement | Not for Cause | For Cause | (Change | Death or
Upon Termination | Termination | (1) | Termination | Termination | in Control) | Disability
John K. Welch
Severance Payments(2) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 1,734,126 | $ | 0 | $ | 4,335,315 | $ | 0
Stock Options | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 789,747 | $ | 0 | $ | 789,747 | $ | 789,747
Restricted Stock | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 3,566,549 | $ | 0 | $ | 3,566,549 | $ | 3,566,549
Retirement Plan(3) | $ | 151,711 | N/A | $ | 151,711 | $ | 151,711 | $ | 151,711 | $ | 71,745
Pension Restoration Plan(3) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
2006 SERP(4) | $ | 5,226,482 | N/A | $ | 5,226,482 | $ | 0 | $ | 7,088,044 | (8) | $ | 5,226,482
280G Tax Gross-up | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,654,202 | $ | 0
Continuing Benefits(5) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 40,172 | $ | 0 | $ | 100,430 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 5,378,193 | $ | 11,508,787 | $ | 151,711 | $ | 17,685,998 | $ | 9,654,523
John C. Barpoulis
Severance Payments(2) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 693,574 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,733,936 | $ | 0
Stock Options | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 285,821 | $ | 0 | $ | 285,821 | $ | 285,821
Restricted Stock | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 341,111 | $ | 0 | $ | 341,111 | $ | 341,111
Retirement Plan(3) | $ | 44,159 | N/A | $ | 44,159 | $ | 44,159 | $ | 44,159 | $ | 20,494
Pension Restoration Plan(3) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
2006 SERP(4) | $ | 406,872 | N/A | $ | 406,872 | $ | 0 | $ | 645,472 | (8) | $ | 502,268
280G Tax Gross-up | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 502,287 | $ | 0
Continuing Benefits(5) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 31,840 | $ | 0 | $ | 79,601 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 451,031 | $ | 1,803,377 | $ | 44,159 | $ | 3,632,387 | $ | 1,149,694
Peter B. Saba
Severance Payments(2) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 575,833 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,439,583 | $ | 0
Stock Options | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 176,618 | $ | 0 | $ | 176,618 | $ | 176,618
Restricted Stock | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 854,413 | $ | 0 | $ | 854,413 | $ | 854,413
Retirement Plan(3) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Pension Restoration Plan(3) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
2006 SERP(4) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 420,496 | (8) | $ | 412,648
280G Tax Gross-up | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 469,248 | $ | 0
Continuing Benefits(5) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 6,816 | $ | 0 | $ | 17,039 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 0 | $ | 1,613,680 | $ | 0 | $ | 3,377,397 | $ | 1,443,679
Philip G. Sewell
Severance Payments(2) | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 782,399 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,955,997 | $ | 0
Stock Options | $ | 329,937 | $ | 329,937 | $ | 329,937 | $ | 329,937 | $ | 329,937 | $ | 329,937
Restricted Stock | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Retirement Plan(3) | $ | 354,495 | $ | 354,495 | $ | 354,495 | $ | 354,495 | $ | 354,495 | $ | 184,222 | (7)
Pension Restoration Plan(3) | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 1,010,625 | $ | 932,822 | (7)
1999 SERP(6) | $ | 3,237,739 | $ | 3,237,739 | $ | 3,237,739 | $ | 0 | $ | 3,237,739 | (8) | $ | 1,682,569
280G Tax Gross-up | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Continuing Benefits(5) | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 23,654 | $ | 0 | $ | 59,135 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 4,932,796 | $ | 4,932,796 | $ | 5,738,849 | $ | 1,695,057 | $ | 6,947,928 | $ | 3,129,550 51 Table of Contents Involuntary
or Good
Reason
Executive Benefits | Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination
and Payments | Voluntary | Retirement | Not for Cause | For Cause | (Change | Death or
Upon Termination | Termination | (1) | Termination | Termination | in Control) | Disability
Robert Van Namen
Severance Payments(2) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 702,034 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,458,302 | $ | 0
Stock Options | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 291,048 | $ | 0 | $ | 291,048 | $ | 291,048
Restricted Stock | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 1,158,850 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,158,850 | $ | 1,158,850
Retirement Plan(3) | $ | 131,563 | N/A | $ | 236,712 | $ | 131,563 | $ | 131,563 | $ | 146,656 | (7)
Pension Restoration Plan(3) | $ | 55,767 | N/A | $ | 99,086 | $ | 55,767 | $ | 55,767 | $ | 62,265 | (7)
2006 SERP(4) | $ | 918,556 | N/A | $ | 842,728 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,179,744 | (8) | $ | 901,929
280G Tax Gross-up | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Continuing Benefits(5) | $ | 0 | N/A | $ | 33,846 | $ | 0 | $ | 84,614 | $ | 0
Total | $ | 1,105,886 | $ | 3,364,304 | $ | 187,330 | $ | 4,359,888 | $ | 2,560,748 (1) | As of December 31, 2010, Mr. Sewell is eligible for normal retirement in the 1999 SERP and early retirement in the Retirement Plan and the Pension Restoration Plan. Because of his years of services, Mr. Sewell would have been eligible to commence an immediate unreduced retirement benefit if he had retired as of December 31, 2010. No other NEO is eligible for an early or normal retirement under any of the Company’s retirement programs as of December 31, 2010.
(2) | In calculating the Severance Payment, the final average bonuses for the NEOs do not include each executive’s 2010 annual incentive bonus because annual incentive bonuses for 2010 had not been determined or paid as of December 31, 2010. The final average bonuses for the NEOs were based on the average of any bonuses paid for 2009, 2008 and 2007. In the case of Mr. Saba, his bonuses for periods prior to 2009 were not included in the calculation because he experienced a change in position that altered his bonus opportunity.
(3) | Only Mr. Sewell and Mr. Van Namen are vested under the Retirement Plan and the Pension Restoration Plan as of December 31, 2010. Mr. Sewell (age 64 as of December 31, 2010) is eligible for early retirement and would commence an immediate unreduced benefit upon termination. Mr. Van Namen (age 49 as of December 31, 2010) is not yet eligible for retirement but is eligible for immediate commencement of benefits accrued prior to 2001, payable as a lump sum. Mr. Van Namen will be eligible to commence a reduced pension for benefits accrued after 2000 at age 50. Amounts shown are the actuarial present value of annuity payments and lump sums, as applicable. The present value of accumulated benefits is calculated using the assumptions under FASB ASC Topic 715-30 as shown in Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. In the case of disability, each of the executives would continue to accrue service during periods of disability rather than commence a retirement benefit.
(4) | Mr. Welch, Mr. Barpoulis and Mr. Van Namen are the only NEOs vested under the 2006 SERP. Accrued SERP benefits are forfeited upon a termination for cause. Mr. Welch is eligible for immediate lump sum benefits. Mr. Barpoulis and Mr. Van Namen are ineligible to commence payment so their amounts represent the present value of an age 55 lump sum payment. Lump sum death benefits are payable immediately. The 2006 SERP provides for a minimum benefit objective of 10% of final average pay (20% in the case of Mr. Welch) in the case of a change in control or death or disability. Amounts for all executives represent the present value of accrued benefits payable in lump sum form. The present value of accumulated benefits is calculated using the assumptions under FASB ASC Topic 715-30 as shown in Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010.
(5) | Includes (a) the cost of continuation of medical, dental and life insurance benefits for a period of one year following termination of employment in the case of an involuntary not for cause termination; and (b) the cost of continuation of medical, dental, life insurance and disability benefits for a period of 2.5 years following termination of employment in the case of a change in control. Amounts vary by executive based on their specific benefit elections. 52 Table of Contents (6) | Mr. Sewell is the only NEO with benefits under the 1999 SERP. Mr. Sewell is eligible to commence an immediate, unreduced benefit upon termination. Benefits accrued prior to 2005 are payable in the form of an annuity and post-2004 benefits are payable as the lump sum equivalent of such annuity. Accrued 1999 SERP benefits are forfeited upon a termination for cause. The amount shown is the actuarial present value of life annuity and lump sum payments. Death benefits are 50% of Mr. Sewell’s pre-2005 accrued benefit and 100% of his post-2004 accrued benefit, with survivor benefits payable as an annuity. The present value of accumulated benefits is calculated using the assumptions under FASB ASC Topic 715-30 as shown in Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010.
(7) | In the case of death, Mr. Welch’s, Mr. Barpoulis’, Mr. Sewell’s and Mr. Van Namen’s beneficiaries would be entitled to survivor annuity benefits under the Retirement Plan and the Pension Restoration Plan and would be eligible to commence survivor benefits immediately. Mr. Welch’s and Mr. Barpoulis’ survivor’s benefit is the 50% survivor portion of a joint and survivor annuity and is reduced for early commencement. Mr. Sewell’s survivor benefit is 50% of the amount Mr. Sewell would receive in the form of a single life annuity. Mr. Van Namen’s survivor’s benefit is 50% of the amount Mr. Van Namen would receive in the form of a single life annuity and is reduced for early commencement, subject to a minimum survivor benefit of 25%. Benefits accrued and vested after December 31, 2004 in the Pension Restoration Plan are payable as a lump sum. In the case of disability, each of the executives would continue to accrue service during periods of disability rather than commence a retirement benefit.
(8) | Change in control agreements provide for an additional 2.5 years of service for vesting, eligibility and benefit accrual for the executive’s retirement benefits. This is provided through the executive’s SERP benefit and accordingly, amount reflects gross benefit with 2.5 year service enhancement, less vested accrued benefits under the Retirement Plan and the Pension Restoration Plan. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information The following table gives information about the Company’s
 common stock that may be issued under the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity
 Incentive Plan and USEC Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 as of December 31, 2010. Number of
Number of | Securities
Securities | Remaining
to be Issued Upon | Weighted-Average | Available
Exercise of | Exercise Price of | for Future Issuance
Outstanding | Outstanding | Under Equity
Options, Warrants | Options, Warrants | Compensation
Plan Category | and Rights | and Rights | Plans
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 3,552,378 | $ | 6.20 | 2,686,786 | (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 3,552,378 | 2,686,786 (1) | Includes approximately 1,745,576 shares with respect to which awards are available for issuance under the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (net of awards which terminate or are cancelled without being exercised or that are settled for cash) and approximately 941,210 shares (rounded) available for issuance under the USEC Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 53 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2. ADVISORY
 VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, enables our
 shareholders to vote to approve, on an advisory (nonbinding)
 basis, the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy
 statement in accordance with the SEC’s rules. As described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis, our executive compensation programs are designed to
 enable us to attract and retain highly talented individuals. Our
 executive compensation program is built on a strong governance
 framework and pay-for-performance philosophy. Key design elements and features of this program are
 described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and
 include: • | Strong oversight by our Compensation Committee of all elements of executive compensation;
• | Base salary represents less than 30% of each NEO’s total direct compensation opportunity (22% for the CEO), with the remainder of compensation being variable or “at risk;”
• | The Compensation Committee’s use of an independent compensation consultant;
• | Based on a comprehensive pay-for-performance analysis conducted by the compensation consultant during 2010, realizable pay was aligned with Company three-year performance and the Company’s Peer Group;
• | Significant stock ownership guidelines that are exceeded by each of our NEOs and directors;
• | A “no hedging” policy in our insider trading policy that prohibits employees and directors from hedging the economic interest in the USEC shares they hold;
• | Our equity incentive plan includes a compensation recovery or “claw back” provision that applies to all equity plan participants;
• | Provide only very limited perquisites — those provided relate to areas that we believe benefit the Company, including financial planning and executive physicals;
• | No employment agreements with NEOs; severance is limited to one times base salary and annual bonus;
• | Change in control agreements are limited to one to two and a half times base salary and annual bonus and are “double-trigger” requiring a separation from service to receive benefits;
• | Existing change in control agreements contain a limited excise tax gross-up that has been in the Company’s form of agreement since the Company’s change in control arrangements were put in place in 1999; however, the Compensation Committee has determined that beginning in 2011, new or materially amended agreements will not provide for any excise tax gross-up; and
• | A strong risk management program with specific responsibilities assigned to the Board and the Board’s committees, and consideration of avoiding excessive risk in compensation decisions. In addition, as noted in the Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis, for 2011, the Compensation Committee made the
 following changes to our executive compensation programs, which
 further enforced our pay-for-performance philosophy: • | Replaced the annual stock option grant to executives under our long-term incentive program with performance-based restricted stock;
• | Added a relative total shareholder return measure to our long-term incentive awards to further align the compensation of our executives with our performance relative to companies we compete with for executive talent; and
• | Replaced a portion of the time-vested grant of restricted stock with a new three year performance-based cash incentive program to further link pay with performance. 54 Table of Contents We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for our
 named executive officer compensation as described in this proxy
 statement. This proposal, commonly known as a “say-on-pay” proposal, gives our shareholders the opportunity to express
 their views on our NEOs’ compensation. This vote is not
 intended to address any specific item of compensation, but
 rather the overall compensation of our NEOs and the philosophy,
 policies, and practices described in this proxy statement.
 Accordingly, we will ask our shareholders to vote
 “FOR” the following resolution at the annual meeting: “RESOLVED, that the Company’s shareholders approve, on
 an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive
 officers, as disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement for
 the 2011 annual meeting of shareholders pursuant to the
 compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis,
 the 2010 Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables
 and disclosures.” The say-on-pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the
 Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors. Our Board and
 our Compensation Committee value the opinions of our
 shareholders and to the extent there is any significant vote
 against the named executive officer compensation as disclosed in
 this proxy statement, we will consider our shareholders’
 concerns and the Compensation Committee will evaluate what
 actions may be necessary to address those concerns. The Board recommends voting FOR the approval of the
 compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in
 this proxy statement pursuant to the compensation disclosure
 rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. PROPOSAL 3. ADVISORY
 VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF AN ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Dodd-Frank Act also enables our shareholders to indicate on
 an advisory basis how frequently we should seek an advisory vote
 on the compensation of our NEOs, as disclosed pursuant to the
 SEC’s compensation disclosure rules, such as
 Proposal 2 included in this proxy statement. By voting on
 this Proposal 3, shareholders may indicate whether they
 would prefer an advisory vote on NEO compensation once every
 one, two or three years. After careful consideration of this Proposal, our board of
 directors has determined that an advisory vote on executive
 compensation that occurs every three years is the most
 appropriate for USEC, and therefore, our board of directors
 recommends that you vote for a three-year interval for the
 advisory vote on executive compensation. In formulating its recommendation, our board of directors
 considered that a three-year cycle will provide shareholders
 with sufficient time to evaluate the effectiveness of our
 executive compensation programs, including the effectiveness of
 the changes made for 2011 to our long-term incentive program and
 any other changes we may implement. We believe that a three-year
 cycle provides the Compensation Committee and the Board with
 sufficient time to thoughtfully evaluate and respond to
 shareholder input and effectively implement any desired changes
 to our executive compensation program. We further believe that
 the long-term nature of our business appropriately necessitates
 a longer review cycle such as three years in order to
 appropriately review and understand USEC’s achievements as
 a business. We understand that our shareholders may have
 different views as to what is the best approach for USEC, and we
 look forward to hearing from our shareholders on this Proposal. You may cast your vote on your preferred voting frequency by
 choosing the option of one year, two years, three years, or
 abstain from voting when you vote in response to the resolution
 set forth below: “RESOLVED, that the option of once every one year, two
 years, or three years that receives the highest number of votes
 cast for this resolution will be determined to be the preferred
 frequency with which the Company is to hold a shareholder vote
 to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named
 executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to the Securities and
 Exchange Commission’s compensation disclosure rules (which
 disclosure shall include the Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table, and the other related
 tables and disclosures).” 55 Table of Contents The option of one year, two years, or three years that receives
 the highest number of votes cast by the shareholders will be the
 frequency for the advisory vote on executive compensation that
 has been selected by shareholders. However, because this vote is
 advisory and not binding on the Board or USEC in any way, the
 Board may decide that it is in the best interests of our
 shareholders and the Company to hold an advisory vote on
 executive compensation more or less frequently than the option
 approved by our shareholders. The Board recommends voting FOR the option of once every
 three years as the frequency with which shareholders are
 provided an advisory vote on executive compensation, as
 disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission. PROPOSAL 4. APPROVAL
 OF FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE USEC INC. 2009 EQUITY INCENTIVE
 PLAN The Company maintains the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan
 (the “Plan”) to advance the long-term interests of the
 Company and its shareholders by providing incentives to attract,
 retain and reward individuals and by promoting the growth and
 profitability of the Company and its affiliates. The Plan also
 includes the ability to grant awards to our non-employee
 directors. The Plan was originally approved by the Board on
 February 25, 2009, subject to approval by the shareholders
 of the Company. The shareholders approved the Plan at the
 Company’s annual meeting on April 30, 2009. The Plan was originally established with 4,500,000 shares
 available for awards to be granted under the Plan (plus any
 shares underlying grants under the predecessor USEC Inc. 1999
 Equity Incentive Plan that are forfeited, canceled, terminated,
 or are settled in cash without the delivery of shares on or
 after April 30, 2009). This number of shares was intended
 to cover awards granted over the first two years of the Plan. On
 February 17, 2011, the Board adopted an amendment to the
 Plan, subject to shareholder approval, to increase the number of
 shares available for awards under the Plan by 3,000,000. The
 Board also approved several other changes to the Plan as part of
 the amendment. We are asking shareholders to approve all of
 these changes to the Plan, which are described in more detail
 below. On February 17, 2011, the board of directors adopted the
 First Amendment to the Plan, subject to approval by the
 shareholders of the Company, to: • | Increase by 3,000,000 (from 4,500,000 to 7,500,000) the number of shares with respect to which awards may be granted under the Plan;
• | Modify the existing “clawback” provision of the Plan to also provide that any awards under the Plan will be subject to any compensation recovery or “clawback” policy that may be adopted by the Board from time to time, including retroactively, in order to implement final rulemaking under Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act or any future changes in law or regulation;
• | Make more explicit that with respect to all awards whose vesting is contingent on performance, no dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid unless and until the award vests. Previously this restriction on the payment of dividends on unvested performance awards was contained only in the section of the Plan dealing with performance awards and was not repeated in the sections of the Plan dealing more generally with restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards. This made the Plan subject to potential misinterpretation and is being corrected in the amendment; and
• | Extend the expiration date of the Plan from February 25, 2019 to February 17, 2021 (the tenth anniversary of the Board’s adoption of the First Amendment). The text of the First Amendment is attached hereto as Annex A . We are asking for your approval of the First Amendment to the
 Plan. The proposed increase in the shares to be made available
 under the Plan is the first since the Plan was approved by
 shareholders in 2009. The shares approved in 2009 were
 sufficient to support the Company’s equity compensation
 program for the last two years, and additional shares are now
 needed to continue that program. The additional changes to the
 Plan 56 Table of Contents are intended to continue to link compensation to the long-term
 interests of the shareholders and ensure that the Plan continues
 to reflect market practices. Including the 3,000,000 additional shares being requested in
 this proposal, the Company’s dilution level or
 “overhang” (shares subject to equity compensation
 awards outstanding at fiscal year-end or available to be used
 for equity compensation, divided by fully diluted shares
 outstanding) at the end of fiscal year 2010 was 6.4%. Set out below is a summary of the Plan, as amended. The summary
 of the Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
 text of the Plan as originally adopted (which is attached as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6,
 2009) and the text of the First Amendment to the Plan
 (which is attached hereto as Annex A ). As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section
 of this proxy statement, equity awards make up a significant
 portion of total compensation for executives and certain other
 key employees and are critical for attracting, motivating and
 retaining these employees and aligning their interests with
 those of the shareholders. USEC is in a critical transition
 period as we move from the older gaseous diffusion enrichment
 technology to the advanced technology of the American Centrifuge
 Plant and during this period, our ability to attract, motivate
 and retain employees and executives with the requisite skills
 and experiences to meet these challenges is essential to our
 success and the creation of long-term value for our
 shareholders. It is critical that we maintain the ability to
 provide the necessary equity incentive awards. As of March 4, 2011, approximately 2,949 employees and
 twelve non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the
 2009 Plan. For 2011, it is expected that approximately
 54 employees and ten non-employee directors will
 participate in the 2009 Plan. Future grants under the 2009 Plan
 will be made at the sole discretion of the Compensation
 Committee. Summary
 Description of the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive
 Plan General The Plan, as amended, is summarized below. This summary does not
 purport to be a complete description of all the provisions of
 the Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
 complete text of the Plan. Key
 Features of the Plan • | An independent committee of the Board administers the Plan;
• | Awards may not be granted later than February 17, 2021 (10 years from the effective date of the First Amendment);
• | Awards may be stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, and cash-based and other stock-based awards;
• | Stock options and stock appreciation rights may not be repriced under the Plan;
• | Stock options and stock appreciation rights may not be granted below fair market value;
• | Stock options and stock appreciation rights cannot be exercised more than 10 years from the date of grant;
• | Awards are subject to the following vesting limits: (1) awards other than non-employee director awards and performance awards will vest no faster than proportionally over a minimum period of three years; (2) performance awards shall not be vested over a period of less than one year; and (3) up to 210,000 awards may be granted without minimum vesting;
• | Dividends or dividend equivalents, if any, may not be paid on any awards whose vesting is contingent upon performance unless and until the award vests; 57 Table of Contents • | Awards granted by the Committee under the Plan will provide for acceleration of exercisability, vesting and/or settlement in connection with a change in control only where there is also an involuntary separation from service other than for cause (or by the employee for good reason) (e.g., “double trigger”);
• | Includes a “clawback” provision that requires repayment of all payments in settlement of any awards earned or accrued during the 12-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC of a financial document that is subsequently restated as a result of misconduct; in addition, any awards under the Plan shall be subject to any compensation recovery or “clawback” policy that may be adopted by the Board from time to time, including retroactively, in order to implement final rulemaking under Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act or any future changes in law or regulations; and
• | The Board may not make material amendments to the Plan without shareholder approval, including an amendment that would (1) materially increase the benefits accrued to participants under the Plan, (2) materially increase the number of shares available under the Plan (except for anti-dilution adjustments in the case of certain corporate transactions or events), (3) change the type of awards that may be granted under the Plan, (4) materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan, or (5) require approval of the Company’s shareholders under applicable law, including the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Company’s shares are listed. Administration The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the
 Board of Directors (the “Committee”) but may be
 administered by another committee or subcommittee of our Board
 appointed by the Board. The Committee has full power and
 authority to take all actions necessary to construe and
 interpret the Plan, to carry out the purpose and intent of the
 Plan, and to establish such rules, regulations and procedures
 for the administration of the Plan as it deems appropriate. The
 Committee may delegate certain of its authority under the Plan,
 except that no delegation may be made in the case of awards
 intended to be qualified under Section 162(m) of the
 Internal Revenue Code or to be made to officers or directors of
 the Company who are subject to Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Shares Subject
 to the Plan The number of shares of common stock reserved for delivery with
 respect to awards under the Plan is the sum of:
 (a) 7,500,000 shares, plus (b) the number of
 shares, if any, underlying grants under the predecessor USEC
 Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan that are forfeited, canceled,
 terminated or settled in cash without delivery of shares on or
 after April 30, 2009. Authorized but unissued shares or
 treasury shares, or any combination, may be delivered under the
 Plan. If any award, or portion of an award, expires, is
 forfeited, or becomes unexercisable, the shares will become
 available for future grant. Restricted stock that is forfeited
 will become available for future grant. In addition, shares that
 are applied by the Company, including by net exercise, as
 payment of the exercise price of any award or in payment of any
 applicable withholding for taxes in relation to any award will
 become available for future grant. As of March 4, 2011, the
 closing price per share of common stock of the Company as quoted
 on the New York Stock Exchange was $5.48. Awards granted to individuals reasonably expected to be Covered
 Employees (as defined below) under Section 162(m) that are
 intended to qualify for deduction as “performance-based
 compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Internal
 Revenue Code (“Section 162(m)”), are subject to
 limits under the Plan as follows: • | For options or SARs, the annual grant limit per Covered Employee is 1,000,000 shares;
• | For restricted stock or restricted stock units, the annual grant limit per Covered Employee is 1,000,000 shares;
• | For performance awards settled in shares, the annual grant limit per Covered Employee is 1,000,000 shares; and 58 Table of Contents • | For cash-based awards or performance awards settled in cash, the annual grant limit per Covered Employee is $2,000,000. If the Committee determines that any dividend or other
 distribution, recapitalization, share split, reverse share
 split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, exchange of shares of common
 stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants
 or other rights to purchase shares or other securities of the
 Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects
 the shares such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to
 prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
 benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the
 Committee will make adjustments it deems equitable, to any or
 all of: (1) the number of shares with respect to which
 awards may be granted; (2) the annual limits on grants to
 individuals to comply with Section 162(m) described above;
 (3) the number of shares subject to outstanding awards; and
 (4) the exercise price or strike price with respect to any
 award. Eligibility The Committee may select officers, directors, employees and
 other individuals providing bona fide services to or for the
 Company and its affiliates to receive awards under the Plan.
 Non-employee directors are only eligible to receive the
 non-employee director awards. The following types of awards are available under the Plan: Stock
 Options Options may be either nonqualified stock options or incentive
 stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
 Code. The exercise price of any stock option may not be less
 than the fair market value of the stock on the grant date.
 Except as otherwise provided in the award, the exercise price of
 any option is payable in cash, check or cash equivalent, by
 tendering shares of common stock, by broker-assisted cashless
 exercise, by net exercise, or by such other consideration as the
 Committee approves (or by any combination thereof). No stock
 option will be exercisable more than ten years after the grant
 date. The Committee determines the terms of each stock option at
 the time of the grant. Stock
 Appreciation Rights Stock appreciation rights may be granted either in tandem with
 other awards or as freestanding stock appreciation rights. The
 strike price of any stock appreciation right granted in tandem
 with an option will be equal to the exercise price per share
 under the related option. The strike price of any freestanding
 stock appreciation right will not be less than the fair market
 value of a share on the grant date. No stock appreciation right
 will be exercisable more than ten years after the grant. Stock
 appreciation rights will entitle the holder to receive a payment
 in cash, in shares or a combination, having an aggregate value
 equal to the difference between the fair market value of the
 underlying shares on the date of exercise and the strike price.
 The Committee determines the terms of each stock appreciation
 right at the time of the grant. Restricted
 Stock Restricted stock may be subject to restrictions, including
 continued employment, achievement of performance goals or other
 criteria. The Committee will determine the purchase price, if
 any, applicable to restricted stock awards. Payment of the
 purchase price for restricted stock, if any, may be made in
 cash, by check or cash equivalent or by such other consideration
 as the Committee approves (or by any combination thereof).
 Except for restrictions on transfer and such other restrictions
 as the Committee may impose on restricted stock, award holders
 will have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to the
 restricted stock, including dividend and voting rights (except
 that where the vesting of the restricted stock is contingent
 upon performance, no dividends shall be paid unless and until
 the restricted stock vests). The Committee determines the terms
 of each restricted stock award at the time of the grant. 59 Table of Contents Restricted
 Stock Units Restricted stock units may become nonforfeitable contingent upon
 continued employment, achievement of performance goals or other
 criteria deemed appropriate by the Committee. Each restricted
 stock unit will have a value equal to the fair market value of
 one share. Award holders will not have shareholder rights with
 respect to the restricted stock units but may receive dividend
 equivalent rights (except that where the vesting of the
 restricted stock units is contingent upon performance, no
 dividend equivalent rights shall be paid unless and until the
 restricted stock units vest). Restricted stock units may be paid
 in cash, shares or other consideration, as determined by the
 Committee. The Committee determines the terms of each restricted
 stock unit award at the time of the grant. Performance
 Awards Performance awards may be payable in cash or shares or a
 combination of both, contingent on the level of attainment of
 performance goals. The Committee will establish performance
 measures and the performance period applicable to each
 performance goal and will determine the level of attainment of
 the performance goals. Performance awards may include dividend
 equivalent rights, except that dividends may not be paid on
 unvested performance awards. Performance awards may, but need
 not, include performance criteria that satisfy
 Section 162(m). Section 162(m) disallows our deduction for compensation in
 excess of $1,000,000 paid to our chief executive officer and the
 three other most highly paid executive officers named in the
 summary compensation table (other than the Chief Financial
 Officer) (“Covered Employees”). However,
 performance-based compensation payable solely on account of
 attainment of one or more performance goals is not subject to
 this deduction limitation if the performance goals are
 objective, pre-established and determined by a compensation
 committee comprised solely of two or more outside directors, the
 material terms under which the compensation is to be paid are
 disclosed to the shareholders and approved by a majority vote,
 and the compensation committee certifies that the performance
 goals and other material terms were in fact satisfied before the
 compensation is paid. The deduction limitation would not apply
 to compensation otherwise deductible on account of the exercise
 of stock options (and stock appreciation rights) granted under
 the Plan with an exercise price (or strike price) no less than
 the fair market value of a share on the date of grant provided
 the plan limits the number of shares that may be awarded to any
 individual and is approved by our shareholders. The Plan is
 designed so that the Committee may grant awards that satisfy the
 performance-based compensation exception under
 Section 162(m). To the extent that awards are intended to qualify for the
 performance-based compensation exception under
 Section 162(m), the performance criteria will be based on
 the achievement of any one or more of the following performance
 measures, as determined by the Committee: • | revenue;
• | sales;
• | expenses;
• | operating income;
• | gross profit;
• | gross margin;
• | operating margin;
• | earnings before any one or more or a combination of: stock-based compensation expense, interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization;
• | pre-tax profit;
• | operating income or profit;
• | net operating income;
• | net income;
• | after tax operating income;
• | economic value added;
• | cash flow(s);
• | free cash flow;
• | operating cash flow;
• | balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities;
• | stock price;
• | earnings or book value per share; 60 Table of Contents • | earnings per share;
• | diluted earnings per share;
• | return on shareholder equity;
• | return on capital;
• | return on assets;
• | return on equity;
• | return on capital, capital employed or investment;
• | return on investment;
• | employee satisfaction;
• | employee retention, customer satisfaction, safety or diversity, market share product development;
• | research and development expenses;
• | completion or attainment of objectively determinable targets with respect to an identified special project;
• | total sales or revenues or sales or revenues per employee;
• | production (separative work units or SWUs);
• | stock price or total shareholder return;
• | dividends; and
• | strategic business objectives, consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified cost targets, business expansion goals, and goals relating to acquisitions or divestiture. Awards not subject to Section 162(m) and awards not
 intended to qualify for the performance-based compensation
 exception may be subject to any other performance criteria
 established by the Committee. Cash-Based
 and Other Stock-Based Awards Cash-based or other stock-based awards will be payable in cash,
 shares or other securities or any combination thereof as the
 Committee determines. Holders of other stock-based awards will
 not have the rights of a shareholder until shares are delivered
 but may receive dividend equivalent rights. The Committee
 determines the terms of each cash-based award or other
 stock-based award at the time of the grant. Transferability Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, awards under the
 Plan may not be transferred except by will or the laws of
 descent and distribution and, during his or her lifetime, awards
 may be exercised only by the grantee. Non-Employee
 Director Awards The Committee may provide that all or any portion of a
 non-employee director’s annual retainer, any committee or
 other chairman fees, and any other fees will be payable, either
 automatically, or at the election of the non-employee director,
 in the form of nonqualified stock options, restricted stock,
 restricted stock units or other stock-based awards. Non-employee
 director awards will be subject to the terms and conditions
 established by the Committee. Special
 Vesting Rules The vesting conditions for awards will be determined by the
 Committee; provided, however , that awards other than
 non-employee director awards and performance awards will vest no
 faster than proportionally over a minimum period of three years.
 Up to 210,000 shares may be granted under the Plan without
 the above minimum vesting requirements. Change
 in Control The Committee may provide for the full or partial acceleration
 of the exercisability, vesting and/or settlement of an award or any portion thereof in connection with
 a change in control, upon such conditions, including termination
 of the grantee’s service prior to, upon, or following such
 change in control, to such extent as the Committee shall
 determine. 61 Table of Contents Amendment
 and Termination The Board may at any time suspend or terminate the Plan. The
 Board may amend the Plan at any time, provided that the Board
 may not make material amendments to the Plan without shareholder
 approval, including an amendment that would (1) materially
 increase the benefits accrued to participants under the Plan,
 (2) materially increase the number of shares available
 under the Plan (except for anti-dilution adjustments in the case
 of certain corporate transactions or events), (3) change
 the type of awards that may be granted under the Plan,
 (4) materially modify the requirements for participation in
 the Plan, or (5) require approval of the Company’s
 shareholders under applicable law, including the rules of any
 stock exchange upon which the Company’s shares are listed. No awards may be granted under the Plan after February 17,
 2021. Certain
 Federal Income Tax Consequences The following discussion is a brief summary of the principal
 United States federal income tax treatment under current federal
 income tax laws, of awards authorized under the Plan. This
 summary is not intended to be exhaustive or to constitute tax
 advice, and, among other things, does not describe state, local
 or foreign income and other tax consequences. Incentive
 Stock Options An optionee will not recognize any taxable income at the time of
 grant or timely exercise of an incentive stock option, and the
 Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction with respect to
 such grant or exercise. Exercise of an incentive stock option
 may, however, give rise to taxable income subject to applicable
 withholding taxes, and a tax deduction to the Company, if the
 incentive stock option is not exercised timely or if the
 optionee subsequently engages in a “disqualifying
 disposition,” as described below. To be a timely exercise
 for this purpose, the exercise generally must occur while the
 optionee is employed by the Company or within three months after
 termination of employment. The amount by which the fair market
 value of the common stock on the exercise date of an incentive
 stock option exceeds the exercise price generally will increase
 the optionee’s alternative minimum taxable income in the
 year of exercise. An optionee who pays the option exercise price upon exercise of
 an option, in whole or in part, by delivering already owned
 shares of stock generally will not recognize gain or loss on the
 shares surrendered at the time of such delivery. Rather, such
 gain or loss recognition generally will occur upon disposition
 of the shares acquired in substitution for the shares
 surrendered. An optionee will recognize long-term capital gain or loss upon
 his or her disposition of shares acquired upon the exercise of
 an incentive stock option if such disposition occurs at least
 one year after the transfer of the shares to such optionee and
 at least two years after the date of grant of the incentive
 stock option. Such long-term capital gain or loss will be
 measured by the difference between the amount realized on such
 disposition and the option exercise price. If, however, an
 optionee disposes of shares acquired upon the exercise of an
 incentive stock option within two years after the date of grant
 of the incentive stock option or within one year from the date
 of transfer of the incentive stock option shares to the
 optionee, such sale or exchange will generally constitute a
 “disqualifying disposition” of such shares and will
 have the following results: any excess of (a) the lesser of
 (i) the fair market value of the shares at the time of
 exercise of the incentive stock option and (ii) the amount
 realized on such disqualifying disposition of the shares over
 (b) the option exercise price of such shares, will be
 ordinary income to the optionee, and the Company will be
 entitled to a tax deduction in the amount of such income. Any
 further gain or loss after the date of exercise generally will
 qualify as capital gain or loss and will not be deductible by
 the Company. Nonqualified
 Stock Options An optionee will not recognize any taxable income upon the grant
 of a nonqualified stock option, and the Company will not be
 entitled to a tax deduction with respect to such grant. Upon
 exercise of a nonqualified stock option, the excess of the fair
 market value of the common stock on the exercise date over the
 option 62 Table of Contents exercise price will be taxable as ordinary income to the
 optionee and will be subject to applicable withholding taxes.
 The Company will generally be entitled to a tax deduction at
 such time in the amount of such ordinary income. The
 optionee’s tax basis for the common stock received pursuant
 to the exercise of a nonqualified stock option will equal the
 sum of the ordinary income recognized and the exercise price. An optionee who pays the option exercise price upon exercise of
 an option, in whole or in part, by delivering already owned
 shares of stock generally will not recognize gain or loss on the
 shares surrendered at the time of such delivery. Rather, such
 gain or loss recognition generally will occur upon disposition
 of the shares acquired in substitution for the shares
 surrendered. In the event of a sale of common stock received upon the
 exercise of a nonqualified stock option, any appreciation or
 depreciation after the exercise date generally will be taxed as
 capital gain or loss. Stock
 Appreciation Rights An award holder will not recognize any income upon the grant of
 a stock appreciation right. If the stock appreciation right is
 settled in cash, the cash will be taxed as ordinary income to
 the award holder at the time it is received. If the stock
 appreciation right is settled in stock, the fair market value of
 the stock received will be taxed as ordinary income to the award
 holder. The Company will generally be entitled to a tax
 deduction in the amount of and at the same time that ordinary
 income is required to be recognized by the award holder as a
 result of the exercise. Restricted
 Stock An award holder will not recognize any income upon the grant of
 restricted stock unless he or she elects under
 Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, within thirty
 days of such receipt, to recognize ordinary income in an amount
 equal to the fair market value of the restricted stock at the
 time of receipt, less any amount paid for the shares. If the
 election is made, the award holder will not be allowed a
 deduction for amounts subsequently required to be returned to
 the Company. If the election is not made, the award holder
 generally will recognize ordinary income, on the date that the
 shares are no longer subject to a substantial risk of
 forfeiture, in an amount equal to the fair market value of such
 shares on such date, less any amount paid for the shares. At the
 time ordinary income is recognized, the Company generally will
 be entitled to a deduction in the same amount, subject to the
 application of Section 162(m). Generally, upon a sale or other disposition of restricted stock
 with respect to which the award holder recognized ordinary
 income, the award holder will recognize capital gain or loss in
 an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on
 such sale or other disposition and the award holder’s basis
 in such shares. The Company is not entitled to any further
 deduction. Restricted
 Stock Units, Performance Awards, Cash-Based Awards and Other
 Stock-Based Awards In general, the grant of restricted stock units, performance
 awards, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards will not
 result in income for the award holder or in a tax deduction for
 the Company. Upon the settlement of such an award, the award
 holder will recognize ordinary income equal to the aggregate
 value of the payment received, and the Company generally will be
 entitled to a tax deduction in the same amount, subject to the
 application of Section 162(m). Plan
 Benefits Future benefits under the Plan are not currently determinable
 because participation and the types of awards available for
 grant under the Plan are subject to the discretion of the
 Committee. As of March 4, 2011, awards covering 4,227,106 shares
 of USEC common stock had been granted under the Plan. This
 number of shares includes shares subject to awards that expired,
 were forfeited, or became unexercisable and therefore became
 available for future grant under the Plan. This number also
 includes shares that were applied by the Company, including by
 net exercise, as payment of the exercise price of any award or
 in payment of any applicable withholding for taxes in relation
 to any award, which also became available for 63 Table of Contents future grant under the Plan. The following table provides
 information about grants made in the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2010 to the persons and groups identified
 below: Number of Shares of
Number of | Restricted Stock or
Name | Dollar Value ($) | Stock Options | Restricted Stock Units
Named Executive Officers:
John K. Welch | $ | 3,252,579 | 240,214 | 497,602
President and CEO
John C. Barpoulis | $ | 1,037,758 | 91,388 | 150,764
Senior Vice President and CFO
Peter B. Saba | $ | 793,306 | 55,516 | 123,032
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Philip G. Sewell | $ | 1,160,140 | 100,356 | 169,525
Senior Vice President, American Centrifuge and Russian HEU
Robert Van Namen | $ | 1,044,440 | 91,388 | 152,054
Senior Vice President, Uranium Enrichment
Total for All Executive Officers (12 persons) | $ | 9,789,183 | 752,705 | 1,481,483
Non-Executive Director Group (10 persons) | $ | 1,233,005 | 0 | 290,803
All employees who are not executive officers, as a group | $ | 2,030,867 | 20,313 | 381,040
Total | $ | 13,053,054 | 773,018 | 2,153,326 (1) | The amounts in the Dollar Value column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards made during 2010, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information For additional information about our equity compensation plans,
 please refer to the section Equity Compensation Plan
 Information. The approval of the First Amendment to the Plan requires the
 affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present at the
 annual meeting in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on
 this matter; provided that the total votes cast on the proposal
 represent more than 50% of USEC’s outstanding shares of
 common stock as of the record date. The Board recommends voting FOR the approval of the proposed
 amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. PROPOSAL 5. RATIFICATION
 OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS The Audit and Finance Committee of the Company has appointed the
 firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to serve as the independent
 auditors of the Company for 2011, subject to ratification of
 this appointment by the shareholders of the Company. One or more
 representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be present at
 the annual meeting and will have an opportunity to make a
 statement if he desires to do so. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 representatives will also be available to respond to appropriate
 questions. The Audit and Finance Committee has sole authority for
 appointing and terminating USEC’s independent auditors for
 2011. Accordingly, shareholder approval is not required to
 appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent
 auditors for 2011. The Audit and Finance Committee believes,
 however, that submitting the appointment of
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the shareholders for ratification
 is a matter of good corporate governance. If the shareholders do
 not ratify the appointment, the Audit and Finance Committee will
 review its future selection of the Company’s independent
 auditors. 64 Table of Contents The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers
 LLP as USEC’s independent auditors requires the affirmative
 vote of a majority of the shares present at the meeting in
 person or by proxy and entitled to vote. The Board recommends voting FOR ratification of the
 appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s
 independent auditors for 2011. Audit and
 Non-Audit Fees The Audit and Finance Committee pre-approves all audit and
 non-audit services provided by the independent auditors prior to
 the engagement of the independent auditors with respect to such
 services. The Audit and Finance Committee has delegated
 pre-approval authority to the Chairman of the Audit and Finance
 Committee, who presents any decisions to the full Audit and
 Finance Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The following
 amounts were billed to the Company by the independent auditors
 for services rendered for the periods indicated: Amount Billed | Amount Billed
For Year Ended | For Year Ended
Type of Fee | December 31, 2010 | December 31, 2009
(In thousands) | (In thousands)
Audit Fees(1) | $ | 1,037 | $ | 1,081
Audit-Related Fees(2) | $ | 105 | $ | 15
Tax Fees(3) | $ | 88 | $ | 70
All Other Fees(4) | $ | 3 | $ | 3
Total | $ | 1,233 | $ | 1,169 (1) | Primarily audits of the financial statements for both periods including internal control testing over financial reporting and reviews of quarterly financial statements for both periods and accounting for the investment by Toshiba Corporation and Babcock & Wilcox Investment Company in 2010.
(2) | Compliance report for revolving credit facility in both periods and fraud risk assessment in 2010.
(3) | Primarily services related to selected tax projects and IRS audit assistance for both periods.
(4) | Service fee for access to electronic publication. 65 Table of Contents AUDIT AND
 FINANCE COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors is
 comprised of three independent directors and operates under a
 written charter. The Committee meets with the internal and
 independent auditors, with and without management present, to
 facilitate and encourage private communication. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Committee has reviewed
 and discussed with management and the independent auditors the
 Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the
 year ended December 31, 2010. The Committee has discussed with the independent auditors the
 matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing
 Standards No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional
 Standards, Vol. 1. AU Section 380), as adopted by the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T. In
 addition, the Committee has received the written disclosures and
 the letter from the independent accountant required by
 applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant’s
 communications with the Committee concerning independence, and
 has discussed with the independent accountant the independent
 accountant’s independence. The Committee considered and concluded that the provision of
 non-audit services by the independent auditors was compatible
 with maintaining their independence. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above,
 the Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the
 audited consolidated financial statements referred to above be
 included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Audit and Finance Committee Joseph T. Doyle, Chairman Michael H. Armacost W. Henson Moore In accordance with SEC rules, notwithstanding anything to the
 contrary set forth in any of the Company’s previous or
 future filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might
 incorporate this proxy statement or future filings made by the
 Company under those statutes, the information included under the
 captions “Compensation Committee Report,” and
 “Audit and Finance Committee Report” shall not be
 deemed “soliciting material” or to be
 “filed” with the SEC and shall not be deemed
 incorporated by reference into any of those prior filings or
 into any future filings made by the Company under those
 statutes, except to the extent that the Company specifically
 incorporates these items by reference. 66 Table of Contents DATE FOR
 SUBMISSION OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND OTHER
 INFORMATION Date for
 Submission of Shareholder Proposals Under the SEC rules, in order to be considered for inclusion in
 USEC’s proxy statement for the 2012 annual meeting of
 shareholders, proposals from shareholders must be received by
 the Secretary of the Company at Two Democracy Center, 6903
 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, Maryland 20817 not later than
 November 19, 2011. Our bylaws contain an advance notice provision regarding
 shareholder proposals that are not sought to be included in the
 Company’s proxy statement, which provides that, to be
 timely, a shareholder’s notice of intention to bring
 business before a meeting must be delivered to the
 Company’s Secretary, at the Company’s principal
 executive office, not less than 90 days nor more than
 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the previous
 year’s annual meeting, unless the date of the next annual
 meeting is more than 30 days before or more than
 60 days after such anniversary date, in which case notice
 must be received not later than the tenth day following the day
 on which notice of the meeting is mailed or public disclosure of
 the date of the annual meeting is made. Accordingly, shareholder
 nominations for director or other proposed items of business
 intended to be brought before the next annual meeting of
 shareholders must be received by the Company between
 December 30, 2011 and January 29, 2012 in order to be
 considered timely, unless the Company gives notice that the date
 of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before, or more
 than 60 days after, April 28, 2012. Any proposals
 received outside of that period will not be permitted to be
 raised at the meeting. Other
 Matters As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors
 does not know of any matters to be presented at the 2011 annual
 meeting other than those specifically set forth above. If other
 matters should properly come before the annual meeting or any
 adjournment thereof, including shareholder proposals that have
 been excluded pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the persons named as
 proxies in the enclosed proxy card intend to vote the shares
 represented by them in accordance with their best judgment with
 respect to such matters. By order of the Board of Directors, Peter B. Saba Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Bethesda, Maryland March 17, 2011 67 Table of Contents Annex A FIRST
 AMENDMENT TO THE USEC INC. 2009 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN The USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”)
 is amended as set forth below, effective as of February 17,
 2011, subject to the approval of the stockholders of USEC INC.: 1. | The second sentence of Section 1.1 of the Plan is amended and restated as follows: The Plan originally became effective as of February 25,
 2009 (the “Effective Date”), subject to the approval
 of the shareholders of the Company. The Plan was subsequently
 amended, effective as of February 17, 2011, subject to the
 approval of the Company’s shareholders. The Plan shall
 continue in effect until its termination by the Committee; provided, however, that any Award shall be granted, if at
 all, within ten (10) years from February 17, 2011. 2. | The first sentence of Section 4.1 of the Plan is amended and restated as follows: Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 16, the number
 of Shares reserved for delivery under the Plan pursuant to
 Awards settled in Shares shall be the sum of
 (i) 7,500,000 Shares, plus (ii) the number of
 Shares, if any, underlying grants under the 1999 Plan that are
 forfeited, cancelled, terminated or are settled in cash without
 delivery of Shares on or after April 30, 2009. 3. | The following sentence is added at the end of each of Section 8.5 and Section 9.4 of the Plan: Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the vesting of the Award is
 contingent upon performance, no dividends or Dividend Equivalent
 Rights shall be paid unless and until the Award vests. 4. | The following sentence is added at the end of Section 19.1 of the Plan: In addition, any Awards under the Plan shall be subject to any
 compensation recovery or “clawback” policy that may be
 adopted by the Board or the Committee from time to time,
 including retroactively, in order to implement final rulemaking
 under Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
 Consumer Protection Act or any future changes in law or
 regulations. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this First Amendment has been executed by a
 duly authorized officer of USEC Inc. as of the day first above
 written. By: | /s/ Peter B. Saba Name: Peter B. Saba Title: | Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary A-1 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE VOTE TODAY. We encourage you to take advantage of Internet or telephone voting. Both are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Proxies submitted by the internet or telephone must be received by 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight
Time, on April 28, 2011. INTERNET http://www.proxyvoting.com/usu Use the Internet to vote your proxy.
Have your proxy card in hand when you access
the web site. OR TELEPHONE 1-866-540-5760 Use any touch-tone telephone to vote
your proxy. Have your proxy card in hand
when you call. If you vote your proxy by Internet
or by telephone, you do NOT need to mail
back your proxy card. To vote by mail,
mark, sign and date your proxy card and
return it in the enclosed postage-paid
envelope. Your Internet or telephone vote authorizes
the named proxies to vote your shares in
the same manner as if you marked, signed
and returned your proxy card. WO# 95536 ▼ FOLD AND DETACH HERE ▼ The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR each of the listed nominees, FOR Proposals 2, 4 and 5, and EVERY THREE YEARS on Proposal 3. | Please mark your votes as indicated in this example | x For | Withhold | For | Withhold
1. Election of Directors:
01 James R. Mellor | o | o | 07 William J. Madia | o | o
02 Michael H. Armacost | o | o | 08 W. Henson Moore | o | o
03 Joyce F. Brown | o | o | 09 Walter E. Skowronski | o | o
04 Sigmund L. Cornelius | o | o | 10 M. Richard Smith | o | o
05 Joseph T. Doyle | o | o | 11 John K. Welch | o | o
06 H. William Habermeyer | o | o FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN
2. | To approve on an advisory basis the compensation of our named executive officers. | o | o | o
3 YEARS | 2 YEARS | 1 YEAR | ABSTAIN
3. | Frequency of advisory vote on executive compensation. | o | o | o | o
FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN
4. | To approve an amendment to the USEC Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. | o | o | o
FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN
5. | To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as USEC’s independent auditors for 2011. | o | o | o Mark Here for Address Change or Comments SEE REVERSE | o Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give
full title. Signature | Signature | Date Table of Contents You can now access your USEC Inc. account online. Access your USEC Inc. account online via Investor ServiceDirect® (ISD). BNY Mellon Shareowner Services, the transfer agent for USEC Inc., now makes it easy and
convenient to get current information on your shareholder account. • View account status | • View payment history for dividends
• View certificate history | • Make address changes
• View book-entry information | • Obtain a duplicate 1099 tax form Visit us on the web at www.bnymellon.com/shareowner/equityaccess For Technical Assistance Call
1-877-978-7778 between 9am-7pm Monday-Friday Eastern Time Investor ServiceDirect® Available 24 hours per day, 7 days per week TOLL FREE NUMBER: 1-800-370-1163 Choose MLink SM for fast, easy and secure 24/7 online access to your
future proxy materials, investment plan statements, tax documents and more.
Simply log on to Investor ServiceDirect ® at www.bnymellon.com/shareowner/equityaccess where step-by-step instructions will
prompt you through enrollment. Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be
held on April 28, 2011. The proxy statement and the 2010 Annual Report for the year ended December
31, 2010 are available at: http://bnymellon.mobular.net/bnymellon/usu ▼ FOLD AND DETACH HERE ▼ PROXY THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF USEC INC. FOR THE 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF USEC SHAREHOLDERS James R. Mellor, John K. Welch and Peter B. Saba, or any of them, each with full power of
substitution, are hereby authorized to vote the undersigned’s shares of common stock, par value
$0.10 per share, of USEC Inc. (“USEC”) at the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of USEC,
scheduled to be held on Thursday, April 28, 2011, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the Marriott
Bethesda North Hotel & Conference Center, 5701 Marinelli Road, North Bethesda, Maryland, and at any
and all adjournments, postponements, continuations or reschedulings thereof (the “Annual Meeting”),
upon the matters set forth in the Proxy Statement furnished by USEC (the “Proxy Statement”) and
upon such other matters as may properly come before the Annual Meeting, voting as specified on this
card with respect to the matters set forth in the Proxy Statement, and voting in the discretion of
the above-named persons on such other matters as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. The undersigned hereby revokes all proxies previously given by the undersigned to vote at the
Annual Meeting. THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN. IF NO DIRECTION IS
MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED (1) “FOR” EACH OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR, (2) “FOR” THE ADVISORY
VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION, (3) FOR EVERY THREE YEARS ON THE FREQUENCY OF THE
ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION, (4) “FOR” THE APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO THE USEC INC.
2009 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND (5) “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS. PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THIS PROXY PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED, POSTAGE-PREPAID, BUSINESS REPLY ENVELOPE. NO ADDITIONAL POSTAGE IS
NECESSARY IF SUCH ENVELOPE IS MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. Address Change/Comments (Mark the corresponding box on the reverse side) | BNY MELLON SHAREOWNER SERVICES P.O. BOX 3550 SOUTH HACKENSACK, NJ 07606-9250 (CONTINUED
AND TO BE SIGNED ON REVERSE SIDE) WO# 95536