8-K 1 form8-k_20140804.htm 8-K form8-K_20140804 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 _________________ Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 1, 2014 USEC Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 1-14287 | 52-2107911
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) Two Democracy Center 6903 Rockledge Drive Bethesda, MD 20817 (301) 564-3200 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On August 1, 2014, USEC Inc. (“USEC” or the “Company”) entered into Amendment No. 006 (“Amendment No. 006”) to the agreement dated May 1, 2014 with UT-Battelle, LLC, as operator of Oak Ridge National Laboratory (“ORNL”), for continued research, development and demonstration of the American Centrifuge technology in furtherance of the U.S. Department of Energy’s (“DOE”) national security objectives (the “American Centrifuge Technology Demonstration and Operations Agreement” or “ACTDO Agreement”). Amendment No. 006 amends the ACTDO Agreement to provide for additional funds of approximately $5.7 million, bringing total funding to approximately $27 million. The other terms and conditions of the ACTDO Agreement were not changed by the Amendment. The ACTDO Agreement provides for continued cascade operations, the continuation of core American Centrifuge research and technology activities, and the furnishing of related reports to ORNL. The agreement is a firm fixed-price contract with a total price of approximately $75.3 million for the period from May 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015. The agreement provides for payments of approximately $6.7 million per month through September 31, 2014 and approximately $6.9 million thereafter. The ACTDO Agreement is incrementally funded. Funds currently allocated to the ACTDO Agreement are expected to cover the work to be performed through August 31, 2014. The agreement also provides ORNL with one additional option to extend the agreement by six months to September 30, 2015. The option is priced at approximately $41.7 million. ORNL may exercise its option by providing notice 60 days prior to the end of the term of the agreement. The total price of the contract including options is approximately $117 million. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. As previously reported, on March 5, 2014 (the “Petition Date”), USEC Inc. (“USEC” or the “Debtor”) filed a voluntary petition for relief (the “Bankruptcy Filing”) under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”) case number 14-10475. The Plan of Reorganization dated July 11, 2014 (the “Plan”) contemplated that the Debtor would file a Plan Supplement containing various documents necessary to implement the Plan. On August 4, 2014, the Debtor filed with the Bankruptcy Court a consolidated version of the Plan Supplement containing all of the Plan Supplement documents required to be filed under the Plan including, but not limited to, the Exit Facility, the New USEC Governing Documents, the New Indenture, the Subsidiary Security Agreement and associated Intercreditor Agreement, the New Management Incentive Plan, and the Supplementary Strategic Relationship Agreement. Additionally, on August 4, 2014, the Debtor filed with the Bankruptcy Court the report required by Rule 2015.3 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure setting forth, as required, the value, operations, and profitability of each non-debtor entity that is not a publicly traded corporation in which the estate holds a substantial interest (the “2015 Report”). Additional information on the Bankruptcy Filing and case, including access to documents filed with the Bankruptcy Court and general information about the Bankruptcy Filing and case is available at http://www.deb.uscourts.gov, the website of the Bankruptcy Court, under case number 14-10475, and at www.loganandco.com, the website for the Company’s claims and noticing agent, under client name “USEC Inc.” The information contained on the foregoing websites is not incorporated by reference into this Current Report on Form 8-K. This current report shall not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information required to be disclosed solely by reason of Regulation FD. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information provided in Item 7.01 of this current report shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Cautionary Statement Regarding Financial and Operating Data The 2015 Report is limited in scope, covers limited time periods and has been prepared solely for the purpose of complying with the Bankruptcy Court’s requirements. The 2015 Report contains the unaudited stand-alone financial statements as of and for the six month period ending June 30, 2014 in which the Debtor holds a substantial or controlling interest. Separate, stand-alone audited financial statements for each legal entity included in the 2015 Report do not exist. As such, the 2015 Report does not include certain adjustments that may be needed if such separate financial statements were required for stand-alone reporting purposes. The 2015 Report is in a format prescribed by applicable bankruptcy laws and regulations and is subject to future adjustment and reconciliation. The Company cautions investors and potential investors not to place undue reliance upon the information contained in the 2015 Report, which were not prepared for the purpose of providing the basis for an investment decision relating to any of the securities of the Company. The 2015 Report contains information that may not be indicative of the Company’s financial condition or operating results for the period that would be reflected in the Company’s financial statements or in its reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, and are not comparable with those filings. There can be no assurance that, from the perspective of an investor or potential investor in the Company’s securities, that the 2015 Report is complete. Results set forth in the 2015 Report should not be viewed as indicative of future results. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This current report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 - that is, statements related to future events. In this context, forward-looking statements may address our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “will” and other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. For USEC, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the impact of and risks related to USEC Inc.’s “pre-arranged” case under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code including risks related to obtaining approval and confirmation of USEC Inc.’s plan of reorganization, the impact of any delay or inability in obtaining such confirmation, the impact of a potential de-listing of our common stock on the NYSE, and the impact of our restructuring on the holders of our common stock, preferred stock and convertible notes; risks related to the ongoing transition of our business, including the impact of our ceasing enrichment at the Paducah gaseous diffusion plant and uncertainty regarding our ability to deploy the American Centrifuge project; uncertainty regarding funding for the American Centrifuge project and the potential for a demobilization or termination of the American Centrifuge project if additional government funding is not provided during the term of the ACTDO Agreement, including for any option periods, or upon completion of such agreement; risks related to our ability to perform the work required under the ACTDO Agreement at a cost that does not exceed the firm fixed funding provided thereunder; the impact of actions we have taken or may take (including as a result of the reduction in scope of work under the ACTDO Agreement) to reduce spending on the American Centrifuge project, including the potential loss of key suppliers and employees, impacts to cost and schedule and the ability to remobilize for commercial deployment of the American Centrifuge plant, impacts on our liquidity as a result of demobilization or termination liabilities, and potential impacts on our proposed plan of reorganization; the impact of enrichment market conditions, increased project costs and other factors on the economic viability of the American Centrifuge project without additional government support and on our ability to finance the project and the potential for a demobilization or termination of the project; uncertainty regarding our ability to achieve targeted performance over the life of the American Centrifuge Plant which could affect the overall economics of the American Centrifuge Plant; uncertainty concerning the ultimate success of our efforts to obtain a loan guarantee from DOE and/or other financing for the American Centrifuge project or additional government support for the project and the timing and terms thereof; the dependency of government funding or other government support for the American Centrifuge project on Congressional appropriations or on actions by DOE or Congress; potential changes in our anticipated ownership of or role in the American Centrifuge project, including as a result of our role as a subcontractor to ORNL or as a result of the need to raise additional capital to finance the project in the future; the potential for DOE to seek to terminate or exercise its remedies under the 2002 DOE-USEC agreement; changes in U.S. government priorities and the availability of government funding or support, including loan guarantees; the impact of government regulation by DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and other risks and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available on our website www.usec.com. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. USEC Inc.
August 4, 2014 | By: | /s/ John C. Barpoulis
John C. Barpoulis
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)