10-K 1 tm211742d1_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020 OR ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 001-39408 Churchill
Capital Corp IV (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | 85-0891392 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
640 Fifth Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY 10019 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code: (212) 380-7500 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one warrant | CCIV.U | New York Stock Exchange
Shares of Class A common stock | CCIV | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants included as part of the units | CCIV WS | New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES ¨ NO x Indicate by check mark if the Registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES ¨ NO x Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES x NO ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files).
YES x NO ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Small reporting company | ¨
Emerging growth company | x If an emerging growth company, indicate
by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. YES ¨ NO ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES x NO ¨ The Registrant’s Units began trading
on the New York Stock Exchange on July 30, 2020 and the Registrant’s shares of Class A common stock began separate
trading on the New York Stock Exchange on September 18, 2020. The aggregate market value of the Registrant’s
shares of Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant,
at December 31, 2020 was $2,072,070,000. As of March 15, 2021, there were 207,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value and 51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued
and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
PART I | 2
Item 1. | Business | 2
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 19
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 49
Item 2. | Properties | 49
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 49
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 49
PART II | 50
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 50
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 51
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 52
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 55
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 55
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 56
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 56
PART III | 57
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 57
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 67
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 68
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | 69
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | 72
PART IV | 74
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules | 74
SIGNATURES | 77 i CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS This annual report includes, and oral statements
made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These
forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,”
 “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and
the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described
in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may
include, for example, statements about: · | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; · | our ability to complete our initial business combination; · | our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; · | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; · | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; · | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; · | our pool of prospective target businesses; · | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; · | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; · | the lack of a market for our securities; · | the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; · | the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or · | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained
in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 1 PART I References in this annual report to “we,”
 “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Churchill Capital Corp IV, a Delaware corporation.
References to “management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors. References to our
 “sponsor” is to Churchill Sponsor IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our “initial stockholders”
are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering. Item 1. | Business. Introduction We are a blank check company formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We
have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a “shell company” as defined under the Exchange
Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. Our founder, Michael Klein, is also the
founder and managing partner of M. Klein and Company, which he founded in 2012. M. Klein and Company is a global strategic advisory
firm that provides its clients a variety of advice tailored to their objectives. M. Klein and Company has established an entity
within the firm, Archimedes Advisors, which will invest in our sponsor and which consists of operating partners (“operating
partners”) who will assist Mr. Klein in sourcing potential acquisition targets, and creating long-term value in the
business combination for us. M. Klein and Company’s operating partners are comprised of former senior operating executives
of leading S&P 500 companies across multiple sectors and industries, including consumer, industrial, materials, energy, mining,
chemicals, finance, data, software, enterprise technology, and media. Our executive offices are located at 640
Fifth Avenue, 12 th Floor, New York, NY 10019 and our telephone number is (212)
380-7500. Our corporate website address https://iv.churchillcapitalcorp.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that
can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual
report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company History In May 2020, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 21,562,500 shares of Class B common stock (our “founder shares”) for an aggregate purchase price
of $25,000, or approximately $0.001 per share. Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A
common stock, on a one-for-one basis, upon the completion of a business combination. On July 14, 2020, the Company effected
a stock dividend of one-third of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock,
on July 27, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.50 to 1 share of Class B common stock for each outstanding
share of Class B common stock and on July 30, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.20 to 1 share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in 51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock
being issued and outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends.
The number of founder shares issued was based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding
shares of our determined Class A common stock and our Class B common stock (collectively, our “common stock’)
upon completion of the initial public offering (the “IPO”). On August 3, 2020 we completed our
IPO of 207,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the “units”), generating gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000.
Each unit consists of one of the Company’s shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-fifth
of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of
$11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 2 Concurrently with the completion of the
IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate 42,850,000 warrants (the “private placement warrants”) at a price of $1.00
per warrant, or $42,850,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of $2,070,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement
warrants was placed in a trust account (the “trust account”) such that the trust account held $2,070,000,000 at the
time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On September 17, 2020, we announced
that, commencing September 18, 2020, holders of the 207,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the shares
of Class A common stock and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York
Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “CCIV.U” and the shares of Class A common stock and warrants
that were separated trade under the symbols “CCIV” and “CCIV WS,” respectively. Recent Developments On February 22, 2021, we entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) by and among us, Air Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Churchill (“ Merger Sub ”), and Atieva, Inc., d/b/a Lucid
Motors, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the “ Company ”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties
thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the “ Business Combination ”) by which Merger Sub
will merge with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity in the merger (the “ Merger ”
and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “ Transactions ”). The proposed Business Combination is expected
to be consummated after the required approval by our stockholders and the Company and the satisfaction of certain other conditions
summarized below. Merger Agreement Merger Consideration The aggregate consideration to be paid to
the shareholders of the Company will be equal to (a) $11,750,000,000 plus (b) (i) all cash and cash equivalents
of the Company and its subsidiaries less (ii) all indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its subsidiaries, in
each case as of two business days prior to the closing date (the “ Equity Value ”) and will be paid entirely in
shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Churchill in an amount equal to $10.00 per share (the “ Merger
Consideration ”). At the effective time of the Merger, each
share of capital stock of the Company (the “ Company Shares ”) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for
all purposes to represent the right to receive, in the aggregate, the Merger Consideration. At the effective time of the Merger,
all share incentive plan or similar equity-based compensation plans maintained for employees of the Company will be assumed by
Churchill and all outstanding options to purchase Company Shares (each, a “ Company Option ”) and each restricted
stock unit award (“ RSU ”) with respect to Company Shares (each, a “ Company RSU ”) will be assumed
by Churchill as described below. For purposes of the following paragraph, the “ Exchange Ratio ” means the Equity
Value per share divided by $10.00. At the effective time of the Merger, each
Company Option will become an option to purchase shares of Class A common stock (each, an “ Assumed Option ”),
on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting, exercise and expiration provisions) as applied to the Company Option
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock subject
to such Assumed Option shall equal the product of (x) the number of Company Shares that were subject to the option immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest
whole share, and (B) the per-share exercise price shall equal the quotient of (1) the exercise price per Company Share
at which such option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, divided by (2) the
Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 3 At the effective time of the Merger, each
Company RSU, will be assumed by Churchill and become an RSU with respect to shares of Class A common stock (each, an “ Assumed
RSU ”) on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting provisions) as applied to each Company RSU immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that the number of shares of Class A common stock subject to such Assumed
RSU Award will be equal the product of (x) the number of Company Shares that were subject to such RSU immediately prior to
the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Representations and Warranties The Merger Agreement contains representations
and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (i) entity organization, formation and authority,
(ii) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement, (iii) capital structure, (iv) consents and approvals, (v) financial
statements, (vi) undisclosed liabilities, (vii) real property, (viii) litigation and proceedings, (ix) material
contracts, (x) taxes, (xi) title to assets, (xii) absence of changes, (xiii) environmental matters, (xiv) employee
matters, (xv) licenses and permits, (xvi) compliance with laws (xvii) intellectual property and IT security,(xviii) governmental
authorities and consents, (xix) insurance, and (xx) related party transactions. The representations and warranties of
the parties contained in the Merger Agreement will terminate and be of no further force and effect as of the closing of the Transactions. Covenants The Merger Agreement contains customary
covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants providing for (i) the operation of the parties’ respective
businesses prior to consummation of the Transactions, (ii) Churchill and the Company’s efforts to satisfy conditions
to consummation of the Transactions, (iii) Churchill and the Company to cease discussions for alternative transactions, (iv) Churchill
to prepare and file a registration statement and a proxy statement for the purpose of soliciting proxies from Churchill’s
stockholders to vote in favor of certain matters (the “ SPAC Stockholder Matters ”), including the adoption of
the Merger Agreement, approval of the Transactions, amendment and restatement of Churchill’s certificate of incorporation
and certain other matters at a special meeting called therefor (the “ Special Meeting ”), (v) the Company
to convene an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders to approve certain matters, including the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, the Plan of Merger and approval of the Transactions (the “ Company Shareholder Matters ”), (vi) the
protection of, and access to, confidential information of the parties and (vii) the parties’ efforts to obtain necessary
approvals from governmental agencies. Conditions to Closing The consummation of the Transactions is
subject to customary closing conditions for special purpose acquisition companies, including, among others: (i) approval by
Churchill’s stockholders, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) no order, statute, rule or regulation enjoining or prohibiting the consummation
of the Transactions being in force, (iv) Churchill having at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets as of the closing of
the Transactions, (v) approval by the Company’s shareholders, (vi) shares of Churchill’s common stock being
listed on the New York Stock Exchange or other stock exchange mutually agreed between Churchill and the Company, (vi) the
registration statement becoming effective in accordance with the Securities Act and (vii) customary bringdown conditions.
Additionally, the obligations of the Company to consummate the Transactions are also conditioned upon, among others, the amount
of Available Closing SPAC Cash being at least $2.8 billion as of the closing of the Transactions and each of the covenants of each
of Churchill Sponsor and the Insiders (both as defined below) required under the Sponsor Agreement (as defined below) to be performed
as of or prior to the closing of the Transactions shall have been performed in all material respects, and none of Churchill Sponsor
or the Insiders shall have threatened (orally or in writing) (a) that the Sponsor Agreement is not valid, binding and in full
force and effect, (b) that the Company is in breach of or default under the Sponsor Agreement or (c) to terminate the
Sponsor Agreement. 4 Termination The Merger Agreement may be terminated at
any time, but not later than the closing of the Transactions, as follows: (i) by
mutual written consent of Churchill and the Company; (ii) by
either Churchill or the Company if the Transactions are not consummated on or before October 22, 2021 (the “Termination
Date”), but Churchill’s right to terminate will be automatically extended if any action for specific performance or
other equitable relief filed by the Company with respect to the Merger Agreement, the other transaction agreements specified in
the Merger Agreement or otherwise regarding the Transactions is commenced or pending on or prior to the Termination Date, provided
that the terminating party’s failure to fulfill any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement is not the primary cause
of the failure of the closing to occur by such date; (iii) by
either Churchill or the Company if a governmental entity shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action,
in any case having the effect of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the Merger, which order, decree, judgment, ruling or other
action is final and nonappealable; (iv) by
either Churchill or the Company if the other party has breached any of its covenants, agreements, representations or warranties
which would result in the failure of certain conditions to be satisfied at the closing and has not cured its breach within thirty
days of the notice of an intent to terminate, provided that the terminating party’s failure to fulfill any of its obligations
under the Merger Agreement is not the primary cause of the failure of the closing to occur; (v) by
either Churchill or the Company if, at the Special Meeting, the Transactions and the other SPAC Stockholder Matters shall fail
to be approved by holders of Churchill’s outstanding shares, provided that Churchill’s right to terminate for failure
to obtain such approval shall not be available if, at the time of such termination, SPAC is in breach of certain of its obligations
under the Merger Agreement, including with respect to the preparation, filing and mailing of the registration statement and the
proxy statement and convening the Special Meeting; or (vi) by
Churchill if the Company shall fail to obtain the Company Shareholder Matters. The foregoing description of the Merger
Agreement and the Transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of
the Merger Agreement and any related agreements. The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the
respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those
representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to
important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The Merger Agreement
has been included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Current Report”) to provide investors
with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Churchill, the Company,
or any other party to the Merger Agreement or any related agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates,
were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, are subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties
(including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties
to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and are subject to standards of materiality applicable
to the contracting parties that may differ from those applicable to investors and security holders. Investors and security holders
are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the
Merger Agreement. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the
date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Churchill’s public disclosures. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed
with this Annual Report as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Merger
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 5 Related Agreements Investor Rights Agreement In connection with the execution of the
Merger Agreement, Churchill entered into an Investor Rights Agreement (the “ Investor Rights Agreement ”) with
Ayar Third Investment Company (“ Ayar ”), Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (“ Churchill Sponsor ”) and
the other parties named therein. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, as of the date of the closing of the Transactions,
Ayar has the right to nominate five directors to Churchill’s board of directors (the “ Board ”) and Churchill
Sponsor has the right to nominate one director to the Board. Two directors will be independent directors to be nominated by the
Company and one director will be the chief executive officer of the combined company. In addition, following the closing of the
Transactions, Ayar will have a continuing right to designate directors to the Board, subject to its (and its permitted transferees’)
beneficial ownership of Class A common stock as compared to the Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of the
record date of each applicable annual or special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (the “ Record
Date ”). If, following the closing of the Transactions, Ayar (or its permitted transferees) beneficially owns: (i) 50%
or greater of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date, it will have the right to nominate
five directors; (ii) less than 50% but greater than or equal to 40% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and
outstanding on the Record Date, it will have the right to nominate four directors; (iii) less than 40% but greater than or
equal to 30% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date, it will have the right to nominate
three directors; (iv) less than 30% but greater than or equal to 20% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and
outstanding on the Record Date, it will have the right to nominate two directors; (v) less than 20% but greater than or equal
to 10% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date, it will have the right to nominate
one director; and (vi) less than 10% of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date,
it will not have the right to nominate any directors; provided, that if after the date of the closing of the Transactions the size
of the Board is increased or decreased, the number of directors Ayar is entitled to nominate will be increased or decreased in
proportion to such increase or decrease in the size of the Board, rounded down to the nearest whole number. Further, for so long
as Ayar beneficially owns 20% or greater of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding on the Record Date,
it will have the right to designate the Chairman of the Board. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, any material changes
to the combined company’s business plan will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. In addition, pursuant
to the Investor Rights Agreement, certain parties will be entitled to certain registration rights, including, among other things,
customary demand, shelf and piggy-back rights, subject to customary cut-back provisions. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement,
certain parties will agree not to sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of shares of Class A common stock or warrants
to purchase shares of Class A common stock they receive in connection with the Transactions or otherwise beneficially own
as of the date of the closing of the Transactions for certain time periods specified therein. The foregoing description of the
Investor Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Investor Rights Agreement, included as Exhibit 10.16 to this Current Report. Subscription Agreements In connection with the execution of the
Merger Agreement, (a) Churchill entered into certain common stock subscription agreements (the “ Subscription Agreements ”)
with certain investment funds (the “ PIPE Investors ”) pursuant to which, Churchill has agreed to issue and sell
to the PIPE Investors $2.5 billion of Class A common stock (the “ PIPE Shares ”) in reliance on an exemption
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act at a purchase price of $15 per share (the “ PIPE
Investment ”). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the PIPE Investors have agreed to not transfer any PIPE Shares
until the later of (i) the effectiveness of the registration statement to be filed following the closing of the Transactions
to register the PIPE Shares and (ii) September 1, 2021. The closing of the PIPE Investment is conditioned on all conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement having been satisfied or waived and other customary closing conditions, and the Transactions
will be consummated immediately following the closing of the PIPE Investment. The Subscription Agreements will terminate upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement and (ii) the mutual written agreement of the parties
thereto. The Subscription Agreements provide that
Churchill is required to file with the SEC, within 30 days after the consummation of the Transactions, a shelf registration statement
covering the resale of the PIPE Shares and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared
effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof but no later than the earlier of (i) the 90th day (or 150th day
if the SEC notifies Churchill that it will “review” such registration statement) following the closing of the PIPE
Investment and (ii) the 10th business day after the date Churchill is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier)
by the SEC that such registration statement will not be “reviewed” or will not be subject to further review. 6 Initial Business Combination The NYSE rules require that an initial
business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if applicable, and
excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). We refer to this as the 80% of net assets test. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial
business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which holders (our “public stockholders”) of our Class A common stock
sold as part of the units in the IPO (the “public shares”), including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent
our sponsor, officers or directors own public shares, provided that each of their status as a “public stockholder”
shall only exist with respect to their public shares, will own or acquire 100% of the outstanding equity interests or assets of
the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target
management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If our initial
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of
all of the target businesses. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent
directors to approve our initial business combination (or such other vote as the applicable law or stock exchange rules then
in effect may require). Corporate Information We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 7 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS
Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging
growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 3, 2025, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock (collectively, our “common stock”) that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date
on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to
 “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination
in the amount of approximately $1,997,550,000 as of December 31, 2020, assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to $72,450,000
of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt
ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing
and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the
completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of
a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources
to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the
resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: · | subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and · | cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management
Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it
is highly unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the
operations of the particular target business. 8 We cannot assure you that any of our key
personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any
of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you
that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion
of our initial business combination We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination,
we will be required to purchase any public shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust
account as of the closing of the IPO was $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption
right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held
by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (the “letter agreement”). Manner of conducting redemptions We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination either: (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (2) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct
mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock
or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. If we structure
a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion
as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions
pursuant to a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement
and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. If a stockholder vote is not required and
we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation: · | conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and · | file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 9 Upon the public announcement of our initial
business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares
of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender
offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number
of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not
then become subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the
transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for
business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: · | conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and · | file proxy materials with the SEC. We expect that a final proxy statement would
be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement
would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct
redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with
the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to
maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will
complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company
entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed
to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
thresholds and agreements, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the
proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of a business combination. 10 Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets,
after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the
SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business
combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to
the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on redemption upon completion of our
initial business combination if we seek stockholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.”
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such
holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us
or our affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or our affiliates at a premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than
15% of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt
to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Tendering stock certificates in connection with
a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed
to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event
we distribute proxy materials or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination at the holder’s
option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements,
which will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender
offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination
if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant
to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote,
a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect
that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it
is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with
the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through The Depository Trust
Company’s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $80.00
and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred
regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver
shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 11 The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many
blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and
a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder
to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option
window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s
stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is
approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once
made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights,
such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after
the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not
approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any
certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the end of the completion
window. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if
no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we will have until August 3, 2022, the date that is 24 months from the closing of the IPO, to
complete our initial business combination (the period from the closing of the IPO until August 3, 2022, the “completion
window”). If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such period, we will: (1) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will
expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the completion window. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers and directors acquires public shares after the IPO, it will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the completion window. 12 Our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection
with an initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A
common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred
underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny stock”
rules). We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining held outside
the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds
are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there
is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds
of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without
taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust,
the per share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust
account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public
stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially
less than $10.00. Please see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per
share ” and other risk factors included herein. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must
provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there
are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our
stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide
for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements
or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but
not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including
the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute
a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to
find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive
any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) $10.00 per public share
or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, except
as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company and,
therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were
successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be
reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and
you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will
indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 13 In the event that the proceeds in the trust
account are reduced below: (1) $10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example,
the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the
independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per share redemption price will not be substantially less than $10.00 per share. Please see
 “Item 1A. Risk Factors — If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share ” and other
risk factors included herein. We will seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31,
2020, we had access to approximately $2,070,086,006 in the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims
(including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than
approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and
liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by
creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held
liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution under
Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure
that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 14 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of
our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination within the completion window, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case
of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will:
(1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and
(3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon
as reasonably possible following July 1, 2021 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our
stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for
our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting
agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims
that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending
to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only
to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) $10.00 per public share;
or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals and will
not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able
to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Please see “Item 1A. Risk
Factors — If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds,
and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing
the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. ” Our public stockholders will be entitled
to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within the completion window or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the
initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the
trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s
voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares
to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described
above. 15 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the consummation of
our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial
business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion
window or with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A Common Stock or pre-initial
business combination business activity, we will provide public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
in connection with any such vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: · | prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for, against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals); or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; · | we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; · | if our initial business combination is not consummated within the completion window, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and · | prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without
the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless otherwise required by applicable law or
stock exchange rules, we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common
stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholders meeting. Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest Relating to M. Klein
and Company and Our Officers and Directors Our sponsor is an affiliate of M. Klein
and Company, LLC (together with its affiliates “M. Klein and Company”). Michael Klein is the founder and managing partner
of M. Klein and Company and acts as a strategic advisor to its clients. Mr. Klein has a fiduciary duty to M. Klein and Company.
As a result, Mr. Klein may have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to clients of M. Klein and Company. Mr. Klein
will have no duty to offer acquisition opportunities to the Company unless presented to him solely in his capacity as an officer
or director of the Company and after he has satisfied his contractual and fiduciary obligations to other parties. As a result,
M. Klein and Company’s clients may compete with us for acquisition opportunities in the same industries and sectors as we
may target for our initial business combination. If any of them decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from
procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within M. Klein and Company, including by Mr. Klein
and other persons who may make decisions for the company, may be suitable both for us and for M. Klein and Company or any of its
clients, and will be directed initially to such persons rather than to us. None of Mr. Klein, M. Klein and Company or members
of our management team who are also employed by M. Klein and Company have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
a potential business combination of which they become aware unless it is offered to them solely in their capacity as a director
or officer of the Company and after they have satisfied their contractual and fiduciary obligations to other parties. 16 In addition, Mr. Klein and M. Klein
and Company may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. In particular,
M. Klein and Company, Mr. Klein and the Operating Partners as well as out board of directors, have formed and are actively
engaged in Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII, special
purpose acquisition corporations that completed their initial public offerings in July 2019, December 2020, February 2021
and February 2021, respectively. Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill
Capital Corp VII, like us, may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries and have until July 1,
2021, December 18, 2022, February 17, 2023 and February 17, 2023, respectively, to do so (absent an extension in
accordance with their charters). Any such companies, including Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital
Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. M. Klein
and Company, Mr. Klein and the Operating Partners are also actively engaged in AltC Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
corporation that is in the process of completing its initial public offering as of the date of this filing and may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. In addition, Mr. Taragin, our Chief
Financial Officer, is Chief Financial Officer of M. Klein and Company. The potential conflicts described above
may limit our ability to enter into a business combination or other transactions. These circumstances could give rise to numerous
situations where interests may conflict. Additionally, the engagement of M. Klein
and Company, or another affiliate of our sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination
may present certain conflicts of interest. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We may engage an affiliate of our
sponsor who may be entitled to earn an advisory fee upon the completion of an initial business combination. Its financial interest
in the completion of the business combination may influence the advice it provides the Company .” There can be no assurance that these or
other conflicts of interest with the potential for adverse effects on the Company and investors will not arise. Limitations on Our Access to Investment Opportunities
Sourced by M. Klein and Company M. Klein and Company may compete with us
for acquisition opportunities that we may target for our initial business combination. If M. Klein and Company decides to pursue
any such opportunity or determines in its sole discretion not to offer such opportunity to us, we may be precluded from procuring
such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within M. Klein and Company or by persons who may make decisions for
us may be suitable for both us and for M. Klein and Company may be directed to M. Klein and Company or other third parties rather
than to us. M. Klein and Company does not have any fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to our company, including,
without limitation, to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our management team, in their other endeavors
(including any affiliation they may have with M. Klein and Company), may choose or be required to present potential business combinations
or other transactions to M. Klein and Company or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Please see “Item
1A. Risk Factors — Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated
with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction should be presented. ” 17 Sponsor Indemnity Our sponsor, an affiliate of M. Klein and
Company, has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) $10.00 per public share;
or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case, net of permitted withdrawals, except
as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company and,
therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor
having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses
as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held
in the trust account. Additional Information Regarding Our Proposed Initial Business
Combination We will file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC,
which includes a proxy statement and a prospectus, and we will file other documents regarding the Transactions. The definitive
proxy statement/prospectus will also be sent to our stockholders and Lucid’s stockholders, seeking any required stockholder
approvals. We urge you to carefully read the entire registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus and any other relevant
documents filed with the SEC, including any amendments or supplements to these documents, because they contain important information
about the proposed transactions, including detailed descriptions of the Transactions and a discussion of historical information
and risks relating to the Transactions. The documents filed by us with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov. Other than as specifically discussed, this report does not assume
the closing of the Transactions described above. Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered
under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. The SEC’s internet site (http://www.sec.gov) contains such reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices
at 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for this space is included in the $50,000 per month fee that we
 are paying an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. Employees We currently have two officers and do not
intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they
deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person
will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A common stock and
warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains such
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent
registered public accounting firm. We will provide stockholders with audited
financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent
to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) or international financial
reporting standards as promulgated by the international accounting standards board (“IFRS”), depending on the circumstances
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial
statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not
be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we
do not believe that this limitation will be material. 18 We will be required to evaluate our internal
control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging
growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS
Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging
growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 3, 2025, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal
year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. Legal Proceedings On March 3, 2021, Richard Hofman, a
purported stockholder of us, filed a complaint, individually and on behalf of other of our stockholders, in the Superior
Court of the State of California against us, Lucid, and other unnamed defendants. The complaint alleges claims for fraud,
negligent misrepresentation, and false advertising and unfair business practices in connection with allegedly false and
misleading statements and omissions in our public filings, concerning the proposed merger between us and Lucid. The complaint
seeks injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages. On March 8, 2021, plaintiff filed an ex parte application for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction, which the Company
opposed and the court denied on March 10, 2021. Item 1A. | Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this annual report, the prospectus associated with our IPO and the registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part
before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and
operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: · | being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues; 19 · | our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; · | our public shareholders’ ability to exercise redemption rights; · | the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window; · | the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; · | being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; · | complying with changing laws and regulations; · | the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; · | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; · | the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors · | to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; · | the issuance of additional Class A common stock in connection with a business combination that may dilute the interest of our shareholders; · | the incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; · | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; · | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; · | our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; · | our ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants; · | our ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise; · | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; and · | provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law that may have the effect of inhibiting a takeover of us and discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 20 Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or
Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do
not support such a combination. We may not hold a stockholder
vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance,
the NYSE rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us
to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration
in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of
our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable
law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or
will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be
based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require
us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the
vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding
public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see “Proposed Business — Stockholders
may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination” for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor
of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need
77,625,001, or 37.5%, of the 207,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all issued
and outstanding shares are voted) in order to have such initial business combination approved. We expect that our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our outstanding shares of common stock at the time of any such stockholder
vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder
approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees agreed to vote their
founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment
in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally,
since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may
not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your
redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed
to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to
meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred
underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a
business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial
business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or
any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and
the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate
an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to
pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 21 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights
and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to
pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash
in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares
is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive
equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to
the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of shares of Class A
common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial business
combination. In addition, the amount of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters is not required to be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability
to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to
have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we
liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market;
however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until
we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business
combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we
approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business
combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target
business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business
combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct
due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 22 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or less than such amount
in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We may not be able to find a suitable
target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business
combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks
described herein. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within such time period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders
may receive only $10.00 per share, or less than $10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire
worthless. Please see “ If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share ” and other risk factors
herein. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to
fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from
our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to obtain such loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are required to seek additional
capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to
liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation or
other duty to loan funds to us in such circumstances. Any such loans would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account
or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust
account. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants
will expire worthless. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the
trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the aggregate value of the assets held in the trust account
such that the per share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than your anticipated per share redemption
amount. The funds in the trust account
will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds that meet
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations.
While short-term U.S. government treasury bills currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open
Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the
United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds
held in the trust account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact
the per share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. 23 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants
from the public, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our
common stock. If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public
shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or
following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or other duty to do so. Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares
is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling public stockholders would be
required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different
than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial
business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of such purchases could be
to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial
business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that
may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national
securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer
to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance
with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various
procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street
name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer or proxy
materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically.
In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights
or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 24 Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial
business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination
or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window; and
(3) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion
window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the completion window for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution
to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case,
public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the completion window before they receive funds from our trust account. In no
other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants
will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your
investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or
less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their stock, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals
or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, including, without limitation,
M. Klein and Company and our Strategic and Operating Partners, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many
of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or
indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess
greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with
respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
Our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any of their respective clients may make additional investments in us, although our sponsor
and its affiliates have no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for public shares that are redeemed,
it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing a business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the funds available to us outside of the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the completion window, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us
outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the completion window, assuming that our
initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition
plans. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional
financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis
regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 25 We believe that the funds
available to us outside of the trust account, including permitted withdrawals and loans or additional investments from our sponsor,
will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the completion window; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is
accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist
us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no- shop”
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping”
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a
particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of
intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required
to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues
that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary
amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result
of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or
other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even
though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may
cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders
who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00
per share. Our placing of funds in
the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they
execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in
the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third
party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more
beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less
attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of
potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses
to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive
any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within the completion window, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our
initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be
brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by public stockholders
could be less than the per share amount initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 26 Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into
a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) $10.00 per public share; or (2) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims
by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether any such waiver
is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
indemnity obligations and we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. We have not asked our
sponsor to reserve for such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the
funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In
such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share
in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for
distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of: (1) $10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our
independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us,
it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances.
For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce
these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders
may be reduced below $10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a
bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may
be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 27 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our public
stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on the nature of
our investments, and restrictions on the issuance of our securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our
business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration
as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and
disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily
in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination
and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets
with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee
only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in
United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment
of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in
Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder
our ability to consummate a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 28 Because we are neither limited to evaluating target businesses
in a particular industry nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. We may seek to complete
a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a
business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we
combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks
will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be
more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly,
any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with
a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which
we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business
combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may
exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons,
it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets
that may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise. We will consider a business
combination in sectors which may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise if such business combination candidate
is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event
we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information regarding the areas of our management’s expertise
would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able
to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any stockholders
or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 29 We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage
company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject
us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine.
These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and
directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of
these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders
from a financial point of view. In addition, if our board
of directors is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, in connection with the NYSE rules that
require that an initial business combination be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes,
if applicable, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Other than the two circumstances
described above, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or from an independent accounting firm. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board
of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards
used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business
combination. We may issue additional shares of Class A common
stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common
stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
described herein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and
100,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock,
par value $0.0001 per share. There are 7,651,469 (excluding 199,348,531 shares subject to possible redemption) and 51,750,000 authorized
but unissued shares of Class A and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into
account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon the conversion of the Class B common
stock. Shares of Class B common stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time
of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are
no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 30 We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will provide that we may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or on our initial business combination or that would entitle holders thereof to receive funds from
the trust account). We may also issue shares upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. However, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we
may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the trust account
or (2) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: · | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO; · | may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; · | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and · | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching initial business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase
of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these
risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that
is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial
business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 31 Our management may not be able to maintain control of
a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of
the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of
the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in
exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s
stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our
control of the target business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (such that we do not then become
subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business
combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their
shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell
their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial business combination that some of our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to effectuate an
initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition
of business combination, increased redemption thresholds extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with
respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial
business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 32 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than 65% of our common stock,
which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business
combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors,
which require the approval by a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-business
combination activity (including the requirement to fund the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances
and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least
65% of our common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account
may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will provide that it may be amended by holders of a majority of our common stock, subject to applicable provisions
of the DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation or on our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who will beneficially
own 20% of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or
trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which will govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than
some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you
do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection
with an initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A
common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement
that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries
of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors
for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder
derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that
the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial
business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target
business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial
business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing (including from M. Klein and Company) or to abandon the proposed
business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. M. Klein and Company
is not obligated to provide, or seek, any such financing or, except as expressly set forth herein, to provide any other services
to us. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination,
we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing
could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors
or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 33 Our search for a business combination, and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent novel coronavirus
(“COVID-19”) outbreak. On March 11, 2020,
the World Health Organization officially declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 a “pandemic.” A significant outbreak
of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies
and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns
relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s
personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent
to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain
COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for
an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which
we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This
could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special
purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose
acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources
to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the
competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies
to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or
operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability
to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Legal proceedings in connection with the business combination,
the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the business combination. On March 3, 2021, Richard Hofman, a purported stockholder
of ours, filed a complaint, individually and on behalf of other of our stockholders, in the Superior Court of the State of
California against us, Lucid, and other unnamed defendants. The complaint alleges claims for fraud, negligent
misrepresentation, and false advertising and unfair business practices in connection with allegedly false and misleading
statements and omissions in our public filings, concerning the proposed merger between us and Lucid. The complaint seeks
injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages. Additional lawsuits may be filed against us or our directors
and officers in connection with the Transactions. Defending such additional lawsuits could require us to incur significant
costs and draw the attention of our management team away from the Transactions. Further, the defense or settlement of any
lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the Transactions are consummated may adversely affect the combined
company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such legal proceedings could delay or prevent
the business combination from becoming effective within the agreed upon timeframe. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its
exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. Our units, Class A
common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed
on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE
prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. In general,
we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
the NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For
instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4 per share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 34 If the NYSE delists any of our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such
securities could be quoted on an over-the- counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: · | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; · | reduced liquidity for our securities; · | a determination that our Class A common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; · | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A
common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered
securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute
does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity,
then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having
used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho,
certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these
powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the
NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state
in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of
the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with
a target business, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because
we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 and filed a Current Reports on Form 8-K, including an audited balance
sheet of our company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules.
Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our
initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO were subject to Rule 419, that
rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds
in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of our initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 15% of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.”
However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders’ ability to vote all of
their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares
will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on
your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold the
Excess Shares and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your Excess Shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 35 Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure
that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the
IPO in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. Because we do not intend
to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at
such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would
be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan
of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the
stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to
our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination
within the completion window is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is
deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until
after we consummate our initial business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided
by such a meeting. We may not hold an annual
meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless required by the NYSE) and thus may not
be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with a company’s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such
a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business combination,
they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of
the DGCL. Moreover, our Class B stockholders will be entitled to elect all of our directors prior to the completion of our
initial business combination and may elect to do so by written consent without a meeting. 36 We are not registering the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its
warrants except on a “cashless basis” and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws
at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file with
the SEC, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement
covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein
are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not
registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. Notwithstanding the
above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act,
we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis”
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant,
or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the
shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such
warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event,
holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares
of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to an agreement
entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the IPO, our initial stockholders and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares after those shares convert to shares of our Class A
common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand
that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will
bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for
trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the
existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because
the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned
by our initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants owned by our sponsor or warrants issued
in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. 37 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and
thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the
date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the IPO,
we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any
indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust
account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: · | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; · | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; · | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; · | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; · | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; · | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; · | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. Our initial stockholders will control the election of
our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a
result, they will elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders
own 20% of our outstanding common stock. In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders, entitle
the holders to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Holders of our public
shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation may only be amended by a majority of at least 90% of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result,
you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to
our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed
in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current
trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial
stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you
do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions.
If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will exert significant influence
over actions requiring a stockholder vote. 38 Our sponsor contributed $25,000, or approximately $0.001
per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A
common stock. Our sponsor acquired the
founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to the dilution of holders of our Class A common stock. This
dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the issuance
of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial
business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust. In addition,
because of the anti-dilution rights of the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio
different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common
stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants
will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to
cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at
least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially
provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
Our initial stockholders may purchase public warrants with the intention of reducing the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to warrantholders for approval, including amending the terms of the public warrants
in a manner adverse to the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. While our initial stockholders have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for such transactions,
there is no limit on the number of our public warrants that our initial stockholders may purchase and it is not currently known
how many public warrants, if any, our initial stockholders may hold at the time of our initial business combination or at any other
time during which the terms of the public warrants may be proposed to be amended. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant,
provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for
sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your
warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so (2) sell your warrants
at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of your warrants. 39 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 41,400,000
shares of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part
of the units offered in the IPO. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we also issued in a private placement an aggregate
of 42,850,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50
per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our initial stockholders currently hold 51,750,000 founder shares. The founder
shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein.
In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans,
up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of $1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender.
Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Class A
common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares
of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce
the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees:
(1) they will not be redeemable by us; (2) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these
warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) the
holders thereof (including with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to
registration rights. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not
they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or
be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain
an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with
the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 40 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the
future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. These provisions include three-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to
designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may
discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Section 203 of the
DGCL affects the ability of an “interested stockholder” to engage in certain business combinations, for a period of
three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an “interested stockholder.” We will elect in our certificate
of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Nevertheless, our certificate of incorporation will contain
provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 of the DGCL, except that it will provide that affiliates of our sponsor
and their transferees will not be deemed to be “interested stockholders,” regardless of the percentage of our voting
stock owned by them, and will therefore not be subject to such restrictions. These charter provisions may limit the ability of
third parties to acquire control of our company. Risks Relating to Our Management
Team Our officers and directors will allocate their time to
other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other responsibilities. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged
in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and directors
are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Mr. Klein is the founder
and managing partner of M. Klein and Company and acts as a strategic advisor to its clients. Mr. Klein has a fiduciary duty
to M. Klein and Company. As a result, Mr. Klein may have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to clients of M. Klein
and Company. Mr. Klein will have no duty to offer acquisition opportunities to the Company unless presented to him solely
in his capacity as an officer or director of the Company. Mr. August is
the Founder and CEO of OHA and acts as a strategic advisor to its clients. Mr. August has a fiduciary duty to OHA. As
a result, Mr. August may have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to clients of OHA. Mr. August will
have no duty to offer acquisition opportunities to the Company unless presented to him solely in his capacity as a director of
the Company. If our officers’ and
directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to
complete our initial business combination. 41 We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their
departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and
directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man
insurance on the life of any of our other directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following
our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-
combination business. Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the
target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, we do not currently expect that any of them
will do so. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure
you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar
with such requirements. In addition, the officers
and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business
combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an
acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may
be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may cause our key personnel to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. However, we do not expect that any of our
key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the
negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations
also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe
the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination, as we do not expect that any
of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 42 We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s
management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant
holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors
of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a
business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an initial business combination candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business
combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s
management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may
need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company in connection with our initial business combination, which
may adversely impact our ability to complete an initial business combination in a timely manner or at all. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all
of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other
transaction should be presented. Until we consummate our
initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our
sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment
vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will
limit their ability to work at other businesses. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation
of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination.
As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination
opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. In particular, M. Klein and Company,
Mr. Klein and the Operating Partners, as well as our board of directors, have formed and are actively engaged in Churchill
Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII, special purpose acquisition corporations that completed
their initial public offerings in August 2020, December 2020, February 2021 and February 2021, respectively.
Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII, like us, may pursue initial business combination
targets in any businesses or industries and have until August 3, 2022, December 18, 2022, February 17, 2023 and
February 17, 2023, respectively, to do so (absent an extension in accordance with their charters). Any such companies, including
Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an acquisition target. M. Klein and Company, Mr. Klein and the Operating Partners are also actively engaged in
AltC Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition corporation that is in the process of completing its initial public offering
as of the date of this filing and may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. 43 Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties
to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or
she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present
it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may
not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as
a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity
to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, none of the
Operating Partners are officers or directors of our company and therefore owe us no fiduciary duties as such. While we expect that
they will assist us in identifying business combination targets, they have no obligation to do so and may devote a substantial
portion of their business time to activities unrelated to us. Each Operating Partner may have fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties to other organizations to present business combination opportunities to such other organizations rather than to us. Accordingly,
if any Operating Partner becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which
he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor those obligations and duties to present
such business combination opportunity to such entities first and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity
and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or
financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have
an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with M. Klein and Company,
our sponsor or our directors or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their
own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between
their interests and ours. In particular, affiliates
of our sponsor, our directors and our officers have invested, and may in the future invest, in a broad array of sectors, including
those in which our company may invest. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable
business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with M. Klein and Company, our sponsor, officers
or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, officers and directors with other businesses, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with or
competitive with M. Klein and Company, our sponsor, officers and directors, and their respective affiliates. Such entities may
compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific
opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have
been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that
such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent
and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of a
business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with M. Klein and Company, our sponsor, officers
or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be
as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 44 We may engage M. Klein and Company, or another affiliate
of our sponsor, as our lead financial advisor on our business combinations and other transactions. Any fee in connection with such
engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions. This financial interest in the completion of such transactions
may influence the advice such affiliate provides. We may engage M. Klein and
Company, or another affiliate of our sponsor, as a financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and pay
such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable
transactions. Pursuant to any such engagement, the affiliate may earn its fee upon closing of the initial business combination.
The payment of such fee would likely be conditioned upon the completion of the initial business combination. Therefore, our sponsor
may have additional financial interests in the completion of the initial business combination. These financial interests may influence
the advice any such affiliate provides us as our financial advisor, which advice would contribute to our decision on whether to
pursue a business combination with any particular target. Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire
investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may hold),
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial
business combination. In May 2020, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 21,562,500 shares of our founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.001 per
share. Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock, on a one-for-one basis,
upon the completion of a business combination. On July 14, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 28,750,000 founder shares. On July 27, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.50 of a share of Class B common stock
for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 43,125,000
founder shares. On July 30, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.20 of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding
share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 51,750,000 founder shares. The
number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding
shares of common stock upon completion of the IPO. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 42,850,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of $42,850,000, or $1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless
if we do not complete our initial business combination. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The founder shares are identical to the
shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in the IPO, except that: (1) only holders of the founder
shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination; (2) the founder shares
are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) our sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to: (a) waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
(b) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100%
of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the completion window; and (c) waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to
complete our initial business combination within the completion window (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the completion window); (4) the founder shares are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock
at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution
rights, as described herein; and (5) the holders of founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 45 The personal and financial interests of
our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market
for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and
our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums
charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends
may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result
of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms
or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after
we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect
our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any
such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our
investors. Risks Associated with Acquiring
and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If our management team pursues a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be
subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If our management team pursues
a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject
to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local
governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: · | costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; · | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; · | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; · | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; · | tariffs and trade barriers; · | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 46 · | longer payment cycles; · | tax consequences; · | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; · | rates of inflation; · | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; · | cultural and language differences; · | employment regulations; · | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; · | deterioration of political relations with the United States; · | obligatory military service by personnel; and government appropriation of assets. We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or,
if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business,
results of operations and financial condition. If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination,
any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business
at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S.
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. General Risk Factors Past performance by M. Klein and Company and members of
our management team or our Strategic and Operating Partners may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance
by, or businesses associated with, M. Klein and Company and other members of our management team or our Strategic and Operating
Partners is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions,
of M. Klein and Company and members of our management team or our Strategic and Operating Partners is not a guarantee either: (1) that
we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results
with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record and performance
of M. Klein and Company and members of our management team or our Strategic and Operating Partners as indicative of the future
performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not
an investment in M. Klein and Company or our Strategic and Operating Partners. 47 Certain agreements related to the IPO may be amended without
stockholder approval. Certain agreements, including
the underwriting agreement relating to this offering, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and
the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements
contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve
any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising
its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders,
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse
effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of
the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies,
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other
public companies. We are an “emerging
growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes- Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information
they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to
lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the
end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such
fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for
public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name,
actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in
the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed
to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. This provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 48 Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. | Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices
at 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for this space is included in the $50,000 per month fee that we will
pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. On March 3, 2021, Richard Hofman, a purported stockholder of us, filed a complaint, individually and on behalf of other of our stockholders,
in the Superior Court of the State of California against us, Lucid, and other unnamed defendants. The complaint alleges claims for fraud,
negligent misrepresentation, and false advertising and unfair business practices in connection with allegedly false and misleading statements
and omissions in our public filings, concerning the proposed merger between us and Lucid. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, as well
as compensatory and punitive damages. On March 8, 2021, plaintiff filed an ex parte application for a temporary restraining order and
preliminary injunction, which the Company opposed and the court denied on March 10, 2021. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 49 PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our units, Class A common stock and
warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols “CCIV.U”, “CCIV” and “CCIV WS”, respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of
beneficial owners, at February 28, 2021, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately
traded common stock and two holders of record of our separately traded warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our
shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and
general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board
of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds
from Registered Offerings In May 2020, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 21,562,500 shares of our “founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.001
per share. Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock, on a one-for-one
basis, upon the completion of a business combination. On July 14, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share
of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding
an aggregate of 28,750,000 founder shares. On July 27, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.50 of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 43,125,000 founder shares. On July 30, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.20 of a share of Class B common stock
for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 51,750,000
founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent
20% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of the IPO. 50 On August 3, 2020, we completed our
IPO of 207,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000. Each unit consists of one
of the Company’s shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-fifth of one warrant. Each whole
warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. Following the closing of the IPO, an aggregate of $2,070,000,000 was placed in the trust account. The Company incurred $109,714,885 of
offering costs in connection with the IPO, inclusive of $72,450,000 of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event the Company completes a business combination.
There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus dated
July 30, 2020, which was filed with the SEC. Concurrently with the completion of the
IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 42,850,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $42,850,000 in the aggregate.
An aggregate of $2,070,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account such
that the trust account held $2,070,000,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. The following table summarizes the relevant
data for our business as of December 31, 2020 and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this
10-K: For the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
Income Statement Data: Income Statement Data:
Loss from operations | $ | (2,976,423 | )
Net loss | (2,521,839 | ) December 31, 2020
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash | $ | 3,592,857
Marketable securities held in trust account | 2,070,086,006
Total assets | 2,074,616,649
Total liabilities | 73,978,373
Common stock subject to possible redemption | 1,995,638,270
Total stockholders’ equity | 5,000,006 51 Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of
many factors, including those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item 1A.
Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock,
debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
Business Combination will be successful. Recent Developments On February 22, 2021, we entered into
a Merger Agreement with Merger Sub and Atieva, relating to a proposed business combination transaction between us and Atieva. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Atieva with Atieva being the surviving entity in the merger (the “Merger” and, together
with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”). The aggregate consideration to be paid
to the shareholders of Atieva will be equal to (a) $11,750,000,000 plus (b) (i) all cash and cash equivalents of
Atieva and its subsidiaries less (ii) all indebtedness for borrowed money of Atieva and its subsidiaries, in each case as
of two business days prior to the closing date (the “Equity Value”) and will be paid entirely in shares of Class A
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the “Class A Common Stock”) in an amount equal to $10.00
per share (the “Merger Consideration”). At the effective time of the Merger: (i) | each share of capital stock of Atieva (the “Atieva Shares”) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive, in the aggregate, the Merger Consideration. All share incentive plan or similar equity-based compensation plans maintained for employees of Atieva will be assumed by the Company and all outstanding options to purchase Atieva Shares (each, a “Atieva Option”) and each restricted stock unit award (“RSU”) with respect to Atieva Shares (each, a “Atieva RSU”) will be assumed by the Company as described below. For purposes of the following paragraph, the “Exchange Ratio” means the Equity Value per share divided by $10.00. (ii) | each Atieva Option will become an option to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock (each, an “Assumed Option”), on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting, exercise and expiration provisions) as applied to the Atieva Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Assumed Option shall equal the product of (x) the number of Atieva Shares that were subject to the option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (B) the per-share exercise price shall equal the quotient of (1) the exercise price per Atieva Share at which such option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, divided by (2) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 52 (iii) | each Atieva RSU, will be assumed by the Company and become an RSU with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock (each, an “Assumed RSU”) on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting provisions) as applied to each Atieva RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Assumed RSU Award will be equal the product of (x) the number of Atieva Shares that were subject to such RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The Merger Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions as further described
in the Merger Agreement. On February 20, 2021, we entered into
a transactional support agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider agreed to render certain financial
advisory and capital markets advisory services for a potential Business Combination. We agreed to pay the service provider a fee
of (i) $6,000,000 is payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination (ii) $500,000 is payable upon consummation
of the financing (iii) out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $125,000 without prior approval. On February 22, 2021, we entered into
a convertible promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount
of $1,500,000 (the “Note”). The Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the date of which
we consummate a Business Combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company. If we do not consummate a Business
Combination, we may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Promissory Note; however, no proceeds
from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of the Note may be converted into warrants at a price of
$1.00 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We borrowed
an aggregate of $1,500,000 on February 22, 2021. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target for our Business Combination, and activities in connection with
the proposed acquisition of Atieva. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account.
We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as
well as for due diligence expenses. For the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of $2,521,839, which consists of operating costs of $2,976,423 and a provision for income
taxes of $81,422 offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $531,361 and an unrealized gain
on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $4,645. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of common stock by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. On August 3, 2020, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 207,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option,
at $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the sale of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross
proceeds of $42,850,000. Following the Initial Public Offering,
the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of $2,070,000,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. We incurred $109,714,885 in transaction costs, including $36,403,600 of underwriting fees, $72,450,000 of
deferred underwriting fees and $861,285 of other costs. For the period from April 30, 2020
(inception) through December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was $2,467,258. Net loss of $2,521,839 was affected
by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $531,361, unrealized gain of on marketable securities
held in our Trust Account $4,645 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided $590,587 of cash from operating
activities. 53 As of December 31, 2020, we had cash
and marketable securities held in the trust account of $2,070,086,006. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less permitted withdrawals, deferred
underwriting commissions and income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest for working
capital requirement and to pay franchise and income taxes. During the period ended December 31, 2020, we withdrew $450,000
of interest earned on the Trust Account for working capital purpose. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole
or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth
strategies. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash
of $3,592,857 outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and
evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants
or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account
to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. We monitor the adequacy of our working
capital in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial Business Combination. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of
identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete
our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional
financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2020. 54 Contractual obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor
a monthly fee of $50,000 for office space, administrative and support services to the Company. We began incurring these fees on
July 30, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination
and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred
fee of $72,450,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that we do not complete a
Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters waived the upfront underwriting discount
on 19,982,000 Units, resulting in a reduction of the upfront underwriting discount of $3,996,400. In addition, the underwriters
reimbursed us an aggregate of $1,000,000 for costs incurred in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Common Stock Subject to
Possible Redemption We account for our shares of Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption
is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control
and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted average
number of shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding for the period. Net income (loss) per
common share, basic and diluted for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing net loss less income attributable to
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable common stock
outstanding for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk As of December 31, 2020, we were not
subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of
our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes
or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the
short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item
15 of this Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. 55 Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that
are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our “Certifying Officers”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2020, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded
that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Item 9B. Additional Information None. Management’s Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does
not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly
public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 56 PART III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our current directors and executive officers
are as follows: Name | Age | Title
Michael Klein | 57 | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Jay Taragin | 55 | Chief Financial Officer
Glenn R. August | 59 | Director
William J. Bynum | 62 | Director
Bonnie Jonas | 51 | Director
Mark Klein | 58 | Director
Malcolm S. McDermid | 42 | Director
Karen G. Mills | 67 | Director Michael Klein is our
Chief Executive Officer, President and the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Klein is also the Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Churchill Capital Corp II, a blank check company whose sponsor is an affiliate of M.
Klein and Company, LLC, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Churchill Capital Corp V,
a blank check company whose sponsor is an affiliate of M. Klein and Company, LLC, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Churchill Capital Corp VII, a blank check company whose sponsor is an affiliate of M. Klein and Company,
LLC and Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of AltC Acquisition Corp., a blank check company
whose sponsor is an affiliate of M. Klein and Company. Mr. Klein is currently a Director of Credit Suisse Group AG and Credit
Suisse AG. Mr. Klein was the co-founder and Chairman of Churchill Capital Corp, a blank check company formed in 2018. Churchill
Capital Corp merged with Clarivate Analytics in May 2019. Mr. Klein was also the founder, Chief Executive Officer, President
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Churchill Capital Corp III, a blank check company formed in 2019. Churchill Capital Corp
III merged with MultiPlan, Inc. in October 2020, and Mr. Klein currently serves on the board of directors of MultiPlan, Inc.
Mr. Klein is the founder and managing partner of M. Klein and Company, which he founded in 2012. M. Klein and Company is a
global strategic advisory firm that provides its clients a variety of advice tailored to their objectives. Mr. Klein is a
strategic advisor to global companies, boards of directors, senior executives, governments and institutional investors. Mr. Klein’s
background in strategic advisory work was built during his 30-year career, including more than two decades at Citi and its predecessors,
during which he initiated and executed strategic advisory transactions. He began his career as an investment banker in the M&A
Advisory Group at Salomon Smith Barney and subsequently became Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Citi Markets and Banking,
with responsibilities for global corporate and investment banking and Global Transaction Services across Citi. Mr. Klein is
a graduate of The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, where he earned his Bachelors of Science in Economics with
concentrations in finance and accounting. Mr. Klein was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his significant
investment banking and advisory experience. Jay Taragin is our Chief
Financial Officer since February 2021. Mr. Taragin is also the Chief Financial Officer of Churchill Capital Corp V since
May 2020, Chief Financial Officer of Churchill Capital Corp VI since December 2020, Chief Financial Officer of Churchill
VII since December 2020, Chief Financial Officer of AltC Acquisition Corp. since March 2021 and Chief Financial Officer of
M. Klein and Company which he joined in May 2019. Prior to joining M. Klein and Company, Mr. Taragin served as the US
Scotiabank Chief Financial Officer from 2013 to 2017. Prior to Scotiabank, Mr. Taragin held a Chief Operating and Financial
Officer role from 2009 to 2012 at Fundcore Finance Group LLC and held a variety of senior finance and audit roles at Merrill Lynch &
Company from 1993 to 2009. In addition, Mr. Taragin worked at Credit Suisse and PricewaterhouseCoopers as a senior auditor
and accountant. Mr. Taragin is a CPA and holds a master’s degree in business administration from New York University
Stern School of Business and a bachelor’s degree from Yeshiva University. 57 Glenn R. August is
a Director and is also a Director of Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and
Churchill Capital Corp VII. Mr. August is the Founder, Senior Partner and Chief
Executive Officer of Oak Hill Advisors. In addition, he serves as global head of the firm’s distressed investment
business. Mr. August has played leadership roles in numerous restructurings and served on numerous public and
private company boards since 1987. Since 1996, he co-founded each of Oak Hill Advisors’ funds, where he serves as
Managing Partner. He co-founded the predecessor firm to Oak Hill Advisors in 1987 and took over responsibility for its credit
and distressed investment activities in 1990. Mr. August earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Cornell
University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar. Mr. August was selected to
serve on our Board of Directors due to his significant financial and leadership experience. William J. Bynum is a Director
and also a Director of Churchill Capital Corp V. He is the Chief Executive Officer of HOPE (Hope Enterprise Corporation, Hope Credit
Union and Hope Policy Institute), a family of organizations founded by him in 1994 that provides financial services; leverages
private, public and philanthropic resources; and engages in policy analysis to fulfill its mission of strengthening communities,
building assets, and improving lives in economically distressed parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee.
Mr. Bynum serves on the boards of the Aspen Institute, NAACP Legal Defense Fund, Prosperity Now, and William Winter Institute
for Racial Reconciliation. He previously chaired the Treasury Department’s Community Development Advisory Board and the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau Consumer Advisory Board. Mr. Bynum is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill, and has completed executive coursework at the Harvard Business School. Mr. Bynum was selected to serve on our Board
of Directors due to his significant financial and leadership experience. Bonnie Jonas is a Director
and a Director of Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII. She is the cofounder of Pallas Global Group, LLC (“Pallas
Global”), a company that provides independent monitoring and consulting services to corporations and organizations. Prior
to co-founding Pallas Global, Ms. Jonas served for 18 years as an Assistant United States Attorney in the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of New York (the “SDNY”). Ms. Jonas's most recent position with the SDNY was
as Deputy Chief of the Criminal Division, from 2013 to 2016. She also served as the SDNY's Financial Fraud Coordinator for President
Obama's Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force and as Co-Chief of the General Crimes Unit. Ms. Jonas was an attorney with
the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP and a law clerk for the Honorable Reena Raggi of the U.S. District
Court in the Eastern District of New York. Earlier in her career, Ms. Jonas worked as a consultant at Peterson Consulting,
where she evaluated settlement amounts in connection with pending asbestos litigation. Ms. Jonas is a graduate of the Wharton
School at the University of Pennsylvania and Columbia Law School. Ms. Jonas was selected to serve on our Board of Directors
due to her significant leadership and legal experience. Mark Klein is a
Director and also a Director of Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital IV, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital
Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp VII. He is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Sutter Rock Capital, and has been a director of Sutter Rock Capital since 2011. Since 2010, Mr. Klein has served as a
Managing Member and Majority Partner of M. Klein and Company, LLC. Mr. Klein also serves on the Board of Directors for
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. and has served as an investment adviser at B. Riley Wealth Management since
April 2012. Mr. Klein was a Director of National Holding Corporations from 2011 to 2014, where he also served as
Chief Executive Officer and Co- Chairman from March 2013 to December 2014. He served as a director of New
University Holdings Corp., from its inception in 2010 through August 2011, when New University Holdings Corp. merged
with ePals, Inc. In addition, from April 2010 until May 2011, Mr. Klein served as the Chief Executive
Officer and President and a Director of 57th Street General Acquisition Corp. until it completed a merger with Crumbs Bake
Shop. Subsequently, Mr. Klein served as a member of the Board of Directors of Crumbs from May 2011 to
March 2014. Mr. Klein has a Bachelor’s degree, with high distinction, in Business Administration from Emory
University and an MBA from the J. L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Mr. Klein was selected to
serve on our Board of Directors due to his significant financial and leadership experience. 58 Malcolm S.
McDermid is a Director and also a Director of Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill
Capital Corp VII. He was previously a Director of Churchill
Capital Corp. Mr. McDermid is also a Managing Director with Emerson Collective, where he has led Emerson Collective's
venture capital investing efforts since August 2017. He was previously a Partner with Andreessen Horowitz, a venture
capital firm based in Menlo Park, California from March 2013 to July 2017. Prior to Andreessen Horowitz,
Mr. McDermid was a Director with Stifel Nicolaus, formerly Thomas Weisel Partners, a technology focused investment bank
in San Francisco. He began his career at Citigroup as a financial analyst. Mr. McDermid received a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Computer Science and Quantitative Economics from Tufts University and a Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy from
the Fletcher School at Tufts University. Mr. McDermid was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his
significant financial and leadership experience. Karen G. Mills is a Director
and also a Director of Churchill Capital Corp II, Churchill Capital Corp V, Churchill Capital Corp VI and Churchill Capital Corp
VII. Ms. Mills is also a Senior Fellow at the Harvard Business School since January 2014, focusing on economic policy,
U.S. competitiveness, entrepreneurship and innovation. Ms. Mills was a member of President Barack Obama's Cabinet, serving
as the Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration from April 2009 to August 2013. Ms. Mills is the
President of MMP Group since October 1993, which invests in financial services, consumer products and technology-enabled solutions
businesses. Ms. Mills is Vice Chair of the immigration services company Envoy Global since September 2014. She also serves
as Chair of the Advisory Committee for the Private Capital Research Institute since March 2017. Ms. Mills holds an A.B.
degree in Economics from Harvard University, Magna Cum Laude, and earned an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Ms. Mills was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to her significant financial and leadership
experience. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of seven
members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of at least 90%
of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative
vote of a majority of our board directors, including the two director nominees of our sponsor. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of Glenn R. August and Malcolm S. McDermid, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mark Klein and Karen G. Mills, will expire at the second annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of William J. Bynum, Bonnie Jonas and Michael Klein,
will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate
our initial business combination. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our board
of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board
that includes any directors representing our sponsor then on our board, or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. Our officers are appointed by the board
of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws will provide that our
officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, a Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 59 Director Independence The rules of the NYSE require that
a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. Our board has determined that each of Glenn R.
August, William J. Bynum, Bonnie Jonas, Malcolm S. McDermid and Karen G. Mills is an independent director under applicable SEC
and NYSE rules. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers or directors have received
any compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. We may engage M. Klein and
Company, or another affiliate of our sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination
and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory
fee for comparable transactions. After the completion of our initial business
combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation
from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the
completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent
directors. We are not party to any agreements with
our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such
employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business,
and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination
should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing
committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee
and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of NYSE
and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and the rules of NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee
of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by
our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are Glenn
R. August and Karen G. Mills, and Karen G. Mills serves as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert”
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: · | assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 60 · | the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; · | pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; · | reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; · | setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; · | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; · | obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; · | meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; · | reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and · | reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The audit committee is governed by a charter
that complies with the rules of the NYSE. Compensation Committee The members of our Compensation Committee
are Glenn R. August, Malcolm S. McDermid and Karen G. Mills, and Karen G. Mills serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: · | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; · | reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our board of directors) the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; · | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 61 · | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; · | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; · | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; · | producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and · | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other
adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. The charter
complies with the rules of the NYSE. However, before engaging or receiving advice
from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate
governance committee are Glenn R. August, Malcolm S. McDermid and Karen G. Mills, and Karen G. Mills serves as chair of the nominating
and corporate governance committee. We adopted a nominating and corporate governance
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: · | identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; · | developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; · | coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and · | reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The charter also provides that the nominating
and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm
to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm’s fees and other
retention terms. The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our
stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director
candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 62 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, and
in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or
more officers serving on our board of directors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our
common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during
the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, there were no delinquent filers. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees. You will be able to review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Our management team is responsible for the
management of our affairs. As described above and below, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the
future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities
to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties
to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the
opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us (including as described in “Item 1. Business —
Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets”). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target
business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors, or M. Klein and Company, or policies applicable to M.
Klein and Company, will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our sponsor, officers and directors may
participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our
initial business combination. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: · | None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities (including the activities of M. Klein and Company). · | In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 63 · | Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our initial stockholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the shares of common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor, officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. · | Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. · | Our key personnel may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such key personnel was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. · | We may engage M. Klein and Company, or another affiliate of our sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We may engage an affiliate of our sponsor who may be entitled to earn an advisory fee upon the completion of an initial business combination. Its financial interest in the completion of the business combination may influence the advice it provides the Company.” · | The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. · | In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: · | the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; · | the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and · | it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 64 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations and duties relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where
the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will
not be any expectancy that any of our directors or officers will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become
aware to us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest: Name of Individual | Entity Name | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Michael Klein | M. Klein and Company | Strategic advice | Founder and Managing Member
Credit Suisse Group AG | Financial services | Director
Credit Suisse AG | Financial services | Director
Churchill Capital Corp II | Blank check company | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
MultiPlan, Inc. | Healthcare cost management solutions | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
AltC Acquisition Corp. | Blank check company | Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Jay Taragin | M. Klein and Company | Strategic advice | Chief Financial Officer
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Chief Financial Officer
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Chief Financial Officer
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Chief Financial Officer
AltC Acquisition Corp. | Blank check company | Chief Financial Officer
Glenn R. August | Oak Hill Advisors | Investment | Founder, Senior Partner and Chief Executive Officer
Churchill Capital Corp II | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Director
William J. Bynum | HOPE | Financial services | Chief Executive Officer
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Director
Bonnie Jonas | Pallas Global Group | Monitoring and consulting | Co-Founder
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Director
Mark Klein | M. Klein and Company | Strategic advice | Managing Member and Majority Partner
Sutter Rock Capital | Investment | Chief Executive Officer and Director
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp II | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Director
Malcolm S. McDermid | Emerson Collective | Investment | Managing Director
Churchill Capital Corp II | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Director
Karen G. Mills | MMP Group | Private equity | President
Envoy Global | Immigration services | Director
Churchill Capital Corp II | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp V | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VI | Blank check company | Director
Churchill Capital Corp VII | Blank check company | Director 65 Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination
opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines
to present the opportunity to us (including as described in “Item 1. Business — Sourcing of Potential Business Combination
Targets”). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors, or M. Klein and Company, or policies applicable to M.
Klein and Company, will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with M. Klein and Company, our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with M. Klein and Company, our sponsor,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates
(including M. Klein and Company) may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination,
although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates
elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor’s motivation to complete an
initial business combination. 66 In the event that we submit our initial
business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote
any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination, and our officers and directors
have also agreed to vote public shares purchased by them (if any) during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and
Directors Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law,
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as
directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. We entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for
any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We obtained a policy of directors’
and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment
of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. In connection with the IPO, we have undertaken
that insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. | Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay monthly recurring expenses of $50,000 to an affiliate of
our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the initial business combination or our liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of the initial business combination
takes the maximum 27 months, an affiliate of the sponsor will be paid a total of $1,350,000 ($50,000 per month) for office space,
administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on
our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers, directors and
our or their affiliates. 67 After the completion of our business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or
proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the
amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We may not take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. We have no compensation plans under which
equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this annual report, by: · | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; · | each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and · | all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that
all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned
by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) | Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock
Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (2)(3) | 51,750,000 | 20 | %
Michael Klein (3) | 51,750,000 | 20 | %
Jay Taragin | — | —
Glenn R. August | — | —
William J. Bynum | — | —
Bonnie Jonas | — | —
Mark Klein | — | —
Malcolm S. McDermid | — | —
Karen G. Mills | — | —
Magnetar Financial LLC (4) | 17,892,000 | 8.7 | %
Glazer Capital, LLC (5) | 12,313,947 | 5.9 | %
Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (6) | 11,190,850 | 5.4 | %
All officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) | 51,750,000 | 20 | % (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Churchill Capital Corp IV, 640 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019. (2) | Interests shown consist solely of shares of Class B common stock which are referred to herein as founder shares. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in our registration statement. (3) | Michael Klein is the controlling stockholder of M. Klein Associates, Inc., which is the managing member of Churchill Sponsor IV LLC. The shares beneficially owned by Churchill Sponsor IV LLC may also be deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Klein. (4) | Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Magnetar Financial LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC and Alec N. Litowitz with the SEC on February 12, 2021. Beneficial ownership of these shares is shared with Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC and Alec N. Litowitz. (5) | Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, on February 16, 2021. Paul J. Glazer, a United States citizen, serves as Managing Member of Glazer Capital, LLC. Beneficial ownership of these shares is shared with Paul J. Glazer. (6) | Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed by Aristeia Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, on February 16, 2021. 68 Our sponsor beneficially own 20.0% of the
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Our sponsor will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. In addition, because of this ownership block,
our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. In May 2020, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 21,562,500 shares of our founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.001 per
share. Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock, on a one-for-one basis,
upon the completion of a business combination. On July 14, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 28,750,000 founder shares. On July 27, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.50 of a share of Class B common stock
for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 43,125,000
founder shares. On July 30, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.20 of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding
share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 51,750,000 founder shares. The
number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding
shares of common stock upon completion of the IPO. Concurrently with the completion of the
IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 42,850,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $42,850,000 in the aggregate.
An aggregate of $2,070,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account such
that the trust account held $2,070,000,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Our sponsor and our executive officers and
directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See “Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence” below for additional information regarding
our relationships with our promoters. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In May 2020, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 21,562,500 shares of our “founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.001
per share. Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock, on a one-for-one
basis, upon the completion of a business combination. On July 14, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share
of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding
an aggregate of 28,750,000 founder shares. On July 27, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.50 of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 43,125,000 founder shares. On July 30, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.20 of a share of Class B common stock
for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 51,750,000
founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent
20% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of the IPO. 69 Our sponsor purchased 42,850,000 private
placement warrants for a purchase price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO. As such, our sponsor’s interest in the IPO is valued at $42,850,000. Each private placement warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private
placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. Michael Klein, Jay Taragin, Glenn R. August,
William J. Bynum, Bonnie Jonas, Mark Klein, Malcolm S. McDermid and Karen G. Mills, each of whom is a director of the company,
each has an indirect economic interest in the founder shares and private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor as a result
of his or her membership interest in our sponsor. As described in “Item 1. Business
 — Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets” and “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance — Conflicts of Interest.” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or
she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present
it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. Our officers and directors
currently have other relevant fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties that may take priority over their duties to
us. Our sponsor loaned us an aggregate of $600,000
to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the
earlier of December 31, 2020 or the closing of the IPO. We repaid the promissory note on August 3, 2020. We entered into an Administrative Services
Agreement pursuant to which we will also pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $50,000 per month for office space, administrative
and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 27 months, an affiliate
of our sponsor will be paid a total of $1,350,000 ($50,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and
will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. Our sponsor, officers and directors or any
of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any
of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no
cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and
directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from
parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 70 After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time
of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights
agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital
loans (if any). The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants
issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated as of July 29, 2020, requiring us to register such securities for
resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to shares of Class A common stock). The holders of these
securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit
any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period,
which occurs: (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A
common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business
combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right
to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private
placement warrants and the respective shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. We may engage M. Klein and Company, or another
affiliate of our sponsor, as our lead financial advisor in connection with our initial business combination and may pay such affiliate
a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Related Party Policy We had not yet adopted a formal policy for
the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions as of the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above (other than the engagement of the Klein Group) were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such
policy. Since the completion of the IPO, we have
adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC.
Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations includes any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including
any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant
to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such
transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes
a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve
a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor,
officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 71 These procedures are intended to determine
whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part
of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest,
we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers
or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or any of their respective
affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be, or have been, made to our sponsor, officers or
directors, or our or their affiliates, and, if made prior to our initial business combination will be made from (i) funds
held outside the trust account or (ii) permitted withdrawals: · | repayment of $600,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; · | payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of a total of $50,000 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, administrative and support services; · | reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and · | repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. These payments may be funded using the net
proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial
business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. Director Independence The rules of the NYSE require that
a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed
company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company).
We have “independent directors” as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined
that each or Glenn R. August, William J. Bynum, Bonnie Jonas, Malcolm S. McDermid and Karen G. Mills is an independent director
under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. Item 14 . Principal Accountant
Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid
or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist
of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020 totaled $93,040 . The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 72 Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are
not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay
Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum
for tax planning and tax advice for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum
for other services for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the
consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the
formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de
minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the
completion of the audit). 73 PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 1. | Financial Statements: See “Index to Financial Statements” at “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” herein. (b) | Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable. (c) | Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K. Exhibit Number | Description
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 22, 2021, by and among Churchill Capital Corp IV, Air Merger Sub, Inc. and Atieva, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 22, 2021).
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
3.2 | Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
4.2 | Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
4.4 | Warrant Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.1 | Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2020, issued to Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
10.2 | Letter Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.3 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.4 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 29, 2020 among the Registrant and certain securityholders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.5 | Subscription Agreement, dated May 13, 2020, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 14, 2020).
10.6 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020). 74 Exhibit Number | Description
10.7 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Michael Klein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.8 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Jay Taragin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.9 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Glenn R. August (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.10 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and William J. Bynum (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.11 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Bonnie Jonas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.12 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Mark Klein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.13 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Malcolm S. McDermid (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.14 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Registrant and Karen G. Mills (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.15 | Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, by and between the Registrant and an affiliate of Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 4, 2020).
10.16 | Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2021, by and among Churchill Capital Corp IV, Ayar Third Investment Company, Churchill Sponsor IV LLC and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 22, 2021).
10.17 | Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 22, 2021).
10.18 | Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement, dated as February 22, 2021, by and among Churchill Capital Corp IV, Churchill Sponsor IV LLC, and the Insiders (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 22, 2021).
10.19 | Promissory Note, dated as of February 22, 2021, by and between Churchill Capital Corp IV and Churchill Sponsor IV LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company’s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 22, 2021).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 75 Exhibit Number | Description
32.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
(101.INS) | XBRL Instance Document
(101.SCH) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
(101.CAL) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
(101.DEF) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
(101.LAB) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
(101.PRE) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 76 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 15th day of March, 2021. Churchill Capital Corp IV By: | /s/ Jay Taragin
Name: | Jay Taragin
Title: | Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Michael Klein | Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of | March 15, 2021
Michael Klein | the Board of Directors and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jay Taragin | Chief Financial Officer | March 15, 2021
Jay Taragin | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Glenn R. August | Director | March 15, 2021
Glenn R. August
/s/ William J. Bynum | Director | March 15, 2021
William J. Bynum
/s/ Bonnie Jonas | Director | March 15, 2021
Bonnie Jonas
/s/ Mark Klein | Director | March 15, 2021
Mark Klein
/s/ Malcolm S. McDermid | Director | March 15, 2021
Malcolm S. McDermid
/s/ Karen G. Mills | Director | March 15, 2021
Karen G. Mills 77 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheet | F-3
Statement of Operations | F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-16 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Churchill Capital Corp IV Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Churchill Capital Corp IV (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB")
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2020 . New York, NY March 15, 2021 F- 2 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2020 ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 3,592,857
Prepaid expenses | 937,786
Total Current Assets | 4,530,643
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 2,070,086,006
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 2,074,616,649
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities - accrued expenses | $ | 1,446,951
Income taxes payable | 81,422
Deferred underwriting payable | 72,450,000
Total Liabilities | 73,978,373
Commitments
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 199,563,827 shares at redemption value | 1,995,638,270
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 7,436,173 issued and outstanding (excluding 199,563,827 shares subject to possible redemption) | 744
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 51,750,000 shares issued and outstanding | 5,175
Additional paid-in capital | 7,515,926
Accumulated deficit | (2,521,839 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,006
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 2,074,616,649 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. F- 3 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM
APRIL 30, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Formation and operating costs | $ | 2,976,423
Loss from operations | (2,976,423 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 531,361
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 4,645
Other income | 536,006
Loss before provision for income taxes | (2,440,417 | )
Provision for income taxes | (81,422 | )
Net loss | $ | (2,521,839) | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption | 199,798,408
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable common stock | 54,384,479
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable common stock | $ | (0.05 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. F- 4 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 30, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – April 30, 2020 (Inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B common stock | — | — | 51,750,000 | 5,175 | 19,825 | — | 25,000
Sale of 207,000,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts | 207,000,000 | 20,700 | — | — | 1,960,264,415 | — | 1,960,285,115
Sale of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 42,850,000 | — | 42,850,000
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | (199,563,827 | ) | (19,956 | ) | — | — | (1,995,618,314 | ) | — | (1,995,638,270 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (2,521,839 | ) | (2,521,839 | )
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 7,436,173 | $ | 744 | 51,750,000 | $ | 5,175 | $ | 7,515,926 | $ | (2,521,839 | ) | $ | 5,000,006 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. F- 5 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 30, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (2,521,839 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (531,361 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (4,645 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (937,786 | )
Accrued expenses | 1,446,951
Income taxes payable | 81,422
Net cash used in operating activities | (2,467,258 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (2,070,000,000 | )
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes | 450,000
Net cash used in investing activities | (2,069,550,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor | 25,000
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 2,033,596,400
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 42,850,000
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 550,000
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (550,000 | )
Payment of offering costs | (861,285 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 2,075,610,115
Net Change in Cash | 3,592,857
Cash – Beginning of period | —
Cash – End of period | $ | 3,592,857
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 1,998,159,110
Change in value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | (2,520,840 | )
Deferred underwriting fee payable | $ | 72,450,000 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. F- 6 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Churchill Capital
Corp IV (formerly known as Annetta Acquisition Corp) (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 30,
2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company has one
subsidiary, Air Merger Sub, Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware on February 19,
2021 (“Merger Sub”) (see Note 10). As of December 31,
2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), identifying
a target company for a Business Combination, and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Atieva, Inc., d/b/a
Lucid Motors, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“ Atieva ”)
(see Note 10). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the
Initial Public Offering. The registration statements
for the Company’s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on July 29, 2020. On August 3, 2020, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 207,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A
common stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 27,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000,
which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 42,850,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Churchill Sponsor IV LLC, (the “Sponsor”),
generating gross proceeds of $42,850,000 which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs
amounted to $109,714,885, consisting of $36,403,600 of underwriting fees, $72,450,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $861,285
of other offering costs. Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on August 3, 2020, an amount of $2,070,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the
 “Trust Account”) located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described
below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to the Company to fund working capital requirements, subject
to an annual limit of  $1,000,000 and/or to pay its tax obligations. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally
toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination
successfully. The Company’s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a
fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on interest income earned
from the Trust Account and the deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide
its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public
stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account
(initially $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest, net of amounts withdrawn for working capital requirements,
subject to an annual limit of $1,000,000 and/or to pay its taxes (“permitted withdrawals”)). The per-share amount
to be distributed to public stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a
Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. F- 7 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law or stock exchange requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
 “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain
stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Company’s Sponsor and its permitted transferees will agree to vote their Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business
Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or
any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed
(a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the
completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to its Founder Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Window (as defined below)
and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect
the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination by August 3, 2022 (or November 3, 2022 if the Company has an executed letter
of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for a Business Combination by August 3, 2022) (the “Combination
Window”), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to $100,000
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case
to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire
worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. The Sponsor has agreed
to waive its right to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the
Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their
deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Window and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the
per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit
($10.00). In order to protect
the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
third party (other than the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold
to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) the
amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals. This liability will not apply with
respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account or to any
claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. F- 8 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Risks and Uncertainties Management continues
to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have
a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Liquidity The Company has principally
financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its shareholders prior to the
Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering that were placed in an account outside of
the Trust Account for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $3,592,857 in its operating bank accounts,
$2,070,086,006 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common
stock in connection therewith and working capital of $3,218,168. As of December 31, 2020, approximately $86,000 of the amount
on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company's tax obligations. Based on
the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs for a reasonable period of time, which is considered
to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. On February 22, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible
promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount
of $1,500,000 (see Note 10). NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial
statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”)
and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an
 “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in
its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of
the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
consist of mutual funds. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. Marketable Securities Held in Trust
Account At December 31,
2020, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. Through December 31, 2020,
the Company withdrew $450,000 of interest earned on the Trust Account for working capital purposes. Class A Common Stock Subject
to Possible Redemption The Company accounts
for its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A common stock subject
to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common
stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all
other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A common stock features certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. F- 9 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Income Taxes The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as
of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. On March 27,
2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES Act
includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain
net operating losses (“NOL) and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years,
suspend the excess business loss rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate alternative minimum tax credits, generally
loosen the business interest limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent to 50 percent among other technical corrections
included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company does not believe that the CARES Act will have a significant impact
on Company's financial position or statement of operations. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share Net income (loss)
per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate
of 84,250,000 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants into
shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company’s
statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per ordinary share. Net income (loss) per common share,
basic and diluted, for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share
of income or loss on marketable securities held by the Trust Account by the weighted average number of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. Net income (loss)
per share, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income or
loss on marketable securities attributable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average
number of non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable common
stock includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
common stock participates in the income or loss on marketable securities based on the non-redeemable shares’ proportionate
interest. The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted
net income (loss) per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): For the Period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020
Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
Interest income | $ | 512,285
Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account | 4,478
Less: Company’s portion available to be withdrawn to pay taxes | (208,147 | )
Less: Company’s portion available to be withdrawn for working capital purposes | (308,616 | )
Net income allocable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | —
Denominator: Weighted average Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | 199,798,408
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator: Net loss minus net earnings
Net loss | $ | (2,521,839 | )
Less: Net income allocable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | —
Non-redeemable net loss | $ | (2,521,839 | )
Denominator: Weighted average non-redeemable common stock
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable common stock | 54,384,479
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable common stock | $ | (0.05 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which,
at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of
the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company’s financial statements. F- 10 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 3. PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 207,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their option
to purchase an additional 27,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and
one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The Units sold in
the Initial Public Offering comprise an aggregate of 207,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 41,400,000 Public Warrants. NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $42,850,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is
exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Private
Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will
be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On May 22, 2020,
the Sponsor purchased 21,562,500 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000
(the “Founder Shares”). On July 14, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, on July 27, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend
of 0.50 to 1 share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock and on July 30, 2020,
the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.20 to 1 share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B
common stock, resulting in 51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock being issued and outstanding. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 6,750,000
shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part,
so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial
Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, 6,750,000 Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company’s stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered
into an agreement whereby, commencing on July 30, 2020 through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $50,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. For the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020,
the Company incurred and paid $250,000 in fees for these services. Advisory Fee The Company may engage
M. Klein and Company, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or another affiliate of the Sponsor, as its lead financial advisor in connection
with a Business Combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market
standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Promissory Note — Related Party On May 13, 2020,
the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $600,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a promissory note (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The borrowings outstanding under the note
in the amount of $550,000 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on August 3, 2020. F- 11 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Related Party Loans In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company’s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If
the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay
the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on July 29, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of
the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the
case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are
entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $72,450,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters
in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The
underwriters waived the upfront underwriting discount on 19,982,000 Units, resulting in a reduction of the upfront underwriting
discount of $3,996,400. In addition, the underwriters reimbursed the Company an aggregate of $1,000,000 for costs incurred in connection
with the Initial Public Offering. Legal Fees As of December 31,
2020, the Company incurred legal fees of $2,152,960. These fees will only become due and payable upon the consummation of
an initial Business Combination (see Note 10). NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock — The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At December 31,
2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A
Common Stock — On July 30, 2020, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
such that the Company is authorized to issue 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020, there were
7,436,173 shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding 199,563,827 shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption Class B
Common Stock — On July 30, 2020, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
such that the Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020, there were
51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding Holders of Class B
common stock will have the right to elect all of the Company’s directors prior to a Business Combination. Holders of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders
except as required by law. The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are
issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business
Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will
be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total
number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A
common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares
or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination in consideration for such seller’s
interest in the Business Combination target, any private placement-equivalent warrants issued, or to be issued, to any seller in
a Business Combination. F- 12 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Warrants — Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after
the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public
Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not
be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of
Class A common issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant
will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company has agreed
that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
will use its best efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on
a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company
so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its reasonable
best efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants
become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part;
• | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
• | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and
• | if, and only if, the closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance
of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window and the Company
liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants,
nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such
warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.
Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. F- 13 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 8. INCOME TAX The Company’s net deferred tax asset
is as follows: December 31,
2020
Deferred tax asset
Startup/organizational expenses | $ | 596,809
Unrealized gain on marketable securities | (2,900 | )
Total deferred tax asset | 593,909
Valuation Allowance | (593,909 | )
Deferred tax asset, net of allowance | $ | — The income tax provision
consists of the following: As of December 31,
2020
Federal
Current | $ | 81,422
Deferred | (593,909 | )
State and Local
Current | —
Deferred | —
Change in valuation allowance | 593,909
Income tax provision | $ | 81,422 As of December 31, 2020, the Company did not have any U.S.
federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of
all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of
the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from April 30, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, the change in the valuation allowance was $593,909. A reconciliation of the federal income
tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows: December 31, 2020
Statutory federal income tax rate | 21.0 | %
State taxes, net of federal tax benefit | 0.0 | %
Valuation allowance | (24.3 | )%
Income tax provision | (3.3 | )% The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company’s
tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2020 remain open and subject to examination. The Company considers New
York to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. F- 14 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows
the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table presents information
about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020, and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 2,070,086,006 NOTE 10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were
issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below or in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any
subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. Merger Agreement On February 22,
2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Merger
Sub and Atieva, relating to a proposed business combination transaction between the Company and Atieva. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Atieva with Atieva being the surviving entity in the merger (the “Merger”
and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”). The aggregate consideration
to be paid to the shareholders of Atieva will be equal to (a) $11,750,000,000 plus (b) (i) all cash and cash equivalents
of Atieva and its subsidiaries less (ii) all indebtedness for borrowed money of Atieva and its subsidiaries, in each case
as of two business days prior to the closing date (the “Equity Value”) and will be paid entirely in shares of Class A
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the “Class A Common Stock”) in an amount equal to $10.00
per share (the “Merger Consideration”). At the effective time of the Merger: (i) | each share of capital stock of Atieva (the “Atieva Shares ”) will be cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the right to receive, in the aggregate, the Merger Consideration. All share incentive plan or similar equity-based compensation plans maintained for employees of Atieva will be assumed by the Company and all outstanding options to purchase Atieva Shares (each, a “Atieva Option ”) and each restricted stock unit award (“ RSU ”) with respect to Atieva Shares (each, a “Atieva RSU ”) will be assumed by the Company as described below. For purposes of the following paragraph, the “ Exchange Ratio ” means the Equity Value per share divided by $10.00. (ii) | each Atieva Option will become an option to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock (each, an “Assumed Option”), on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting, exercise and expiration provisions) as applied to the Atieva Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Assumed Option shall equal the product of (x) the number of Atieva Shares that were subject to the option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (B) the per-share exercise price shall equal the quotient of (1) the exercise price per Atieva Share at which such option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, divided by (2) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. (iii) | each Atieva RSU, will be assumed by the Company and become an RSU with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock (each, an “Assumed RSU”) on the same terms and conditions (including applicable vesting provisions) as applied to each Atieva RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, except that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to such Assumed RSU Award will be equal the product of (x) the number of Atieva Shares that were subject to such RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. F- 15 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Merger Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions
as further described in the Merger Agreement. Subscription Agreement In connection with the execution of the
Merger Agreement, the Company entered into certain common stock subscription agreements (the “ Subscription Agreements ”)
with certain investment funds (the “ PIPE Investors ”) pursuant to which, the Company has agreed to issue and
sell to the PIPE Investors $2.5 billion of Class A common stock (the “ PIPE Shares ”) in reliance on an exemption
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act at a purchase price of $15 per share (the “ PIPE
Investment ”). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the PIPE Investors have agreed to not transfer any PIPE Shares
until the later of (i) the effectiveness of the registration statement to be filed following the closing of the Transactions
to register the PIPE Shares and (ii) September 1, 2021. The closing of the PIPE Investment is conditioned on all conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement having been satisfied or waived and other customary closing conditions, and the Transactions
will be consummated immediately following the closing of the PIPE Investment. The Subscription Agreements will terminate upon the
earlier to occur of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement and (ii) the mutual written agreement of the parties
thereto. The Subscription Agreements provide that
the Company is required to file with the SEC, within 30 days after the consummation of the Transactions, a shelf registration
statement covering the resale of the PIPE Shares and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement
declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof but no later than the earlier of (i) the 90th day (or
150th day if the SEC notifies the Company that it will “review” such registration statement) following the closing
of the PIPE Investment and (ii) the 10th business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever
is earlier) by the SEC that such registration statement will not be “reviewed” or will not be subject to further review. Consulting Agreements On February 20,
2021, the Company entered into a transactional support agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider
agreed to render certain financial advisory and capital markets advisory services for a potential Business Combination. The Company
agreed to pay the service provider a fee of (i) $6,000,000 is payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination (ii) $500,000
is payable upon consummation of the financing (iii) out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $125,000 without prior approval. Promissory
Note On February 22,
2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the
Company up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Note”). The Note is non-interest bearing and payable
on the earlier of (i) the date of which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (ii) the date that the winding
up of the Company. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Promissory Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up
to $1,500,000 of the Note may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The Company borrowed an aggregate of $1,500,000 on February 22, 2021. Legal Proceedings On March 3, 2021, Richard Hofman, a purported stockholder of the Company, filed a complaint, individually and on behalf of other of the
Company stockholders, in the Superior Court of the State of California against the Company, Lucid, and other unnamed defendants. The complaint
alleges claims for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and false advertising and unfair business practices in connection with allegedly
false and misleading statements and omissions in the Company's public filings, concerning the proposed merger between the Company and
Lucid. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages. On March 8, 2021, plaintiff filed an ex parte application for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction, which the Company
opposed and the court denied on March 10, 2021. F- 16