10-Q 1 tm2032809d1_10q.htm FORM 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (MARK ONE) x | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarter ended September 30,
2020 ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 001-39408 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware | 85-0891392
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 640 Fifth Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY 10019 (Address of principal executive offices) (212) 380-7500 (Issuer’s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one warrant | CCIV.U | New York Stock Exchange
Shares of Class A common stock | CCIV | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants included as part of the units | CCIV WS | New York Stock Exchange Check whether the issuer (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”,
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | ¨
Emerging growth company | x If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As of November 9, 2020, there were
207,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
Part I. Financial Information
Item 1. Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheet | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows | 4
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 14
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk | 17
Item 4. Controls and Procedures | 17
Part II. Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings | 17
Item 1A. Risk Factors | 17
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 18
Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 18
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures | 18
Item 5. Other Information | 18
Item 6. Exhibits | 19
Part III. Signatures | 20 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (UNAUDITED) ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 4,218,387
Prepaid expenses | 1,091,634
Total Current Assets | 5,310,021
Deferred tax asset | 9,030
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 2,070,167,783
Total Assets | $ | 2,075,486,834
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities – accrued expenses | $ | 33,333
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 72,450,000
Total Liabilities | 72,483,333
Commitments
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, 199,787,373 shares at redemption value | 1,998,003,495
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 7,212,627 issued and outstanding (excluding 199,787,373 shares subject to possible redemption) | 721
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 51,750,000 shares issued and outstanding | 5,175
Additional paid-in capital | 5,150,724
Accumulated deficit | (156,614 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,006
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 2,075,486,834 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended September 30, | For the Period from April 30, 2020 (Inception) Through September 30,
2020 | 2020
Formation and operating costs | $ | 332,427 | $ | 333,427
Loss from operations | (332,427 | ) | (333,427 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 210,782 | 210,782
Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (42,999 | ) | (42,999 | )
Other income, net | 167,783 | 167,783
Loss before provision for income taxes | (164,644 | ) | (165,644 | )
Benefit from income taxes | 9,030 | 9,030
Net Loss | $ | (155,614 | ) | $ | (156,614 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 53,784,534 | 51,122,554
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.00 | ) | $ | (0.00 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of 199,787,373 shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2020. The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV, CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020
AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 30, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTMBER 30, 2020 (UNAUDITED) Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – April 30, 2020 (Inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor | — | — | 51,750,000 | 5,175 | 19,825 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (1,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Balance – June 30, 2020 | — | — | 51,750,000 | 5,175 | 19,825 | (1,000 | ) | 24,000
Sale of 207,000,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts | 207,000,000 | 20,700 | — | — | 1,960,264,415 | — | 1,960,285,115
Sale of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 42,850,000 | — | 42,850,000
Common stock subject to possible redemption | (199,787,373 | ) | (19,979 | ) | — | — | (1,997,983,516 | ) | — | (1,998,003,495 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (155,614 | ) | (155,614 | )
Balance – September 30, 2020 | 7,212,627 | $ | 721 | 51,750,000 | $ | 5,175 | $ | 5,150,724 | $ | (156,614 | ) | $ | 5,000,006 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 30, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (UNAUDITED) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (156,614 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account | (210,782 | )
Unrealized loss on marketable securities | 42,999
Deferred tax provision | (9,030 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (1,091,634 | )
Accrued expenses | 33,333
Net cash used in operating activities | (1,391,728 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash into Trust Account | (2,070,000,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (2,070,000,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor | 25,000
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 2,033,596,400
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 42,850,000
Proceeds from promissory note—related party | 550,000
Repayment of promissory note—related party | (550,000 | )
Payment of offering costs | (861,285 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 2,075,610,115
Net Change in Cash | 4,218,387
Cash — Beginning | —
Cash — Ending | $ | 4,218,387
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 1,998,159,110
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | (155,615 | )
Deferred underwriting fee payable | $ | 72,450,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Churchill Capital
Corp IV (formerly known as Annetta Acquisition Corp) (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 30,
2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an
early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and
emerging growth companies. As of September 30,
2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through September 30,
2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is
described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from
the Initial Public Offering. The registration
statements for the Company’s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on July 29, 2020. On August 3, 2020,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 207,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares
of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by
the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 27,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $2,070,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 42,850,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Churchill Sponsor IV LLC, (the “Sponsor”),
generating gross proceeds of $42,850,000 which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to $109,714,885, consisting of $36,403,600
of underwriting fees, $72,450,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $861,285 of other offering costs. In addition, at September 30,
2020, cash of $4,218,387 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on August 3, 2020, an amount of $2,070,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account
(the “Trust Account”) located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”),
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as
described below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to the Company to fund working capital requirements,
subject to an annual limit of  $1,000,000 and/or to pay its tax obligations. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally
toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination
successfully. The Company’s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a
fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on interest income earned
from the Trust Account and the deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will
provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company
will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its
discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then
in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest, net of amounts withdrawn for working
capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of  $1,000,000 and/or to pay its taxes (“permitted withdrawals”)).
The per-share amount to be distributed to public stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. 5 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) The Company will
proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a
Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the
Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law or stock exchange requirements and the Company does not decide
to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company’s Sponsor and its permitted transferees will agree to vote
their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor
of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed
(a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the
completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to its Founder Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Window (as defined below)
and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect
the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination by August 3, 2022 (or November 3, 2022 if the Company has an executed letter
of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for a Business Combination by August 3, 2022) (the “Combination
Window”), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and
up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants,
which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. The Sponsor has agreed
to waive its right to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the
Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to
their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Window and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust
Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price
per Unit ($10.00). In order to protect
the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
third party (other than the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold
to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) the
amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals. This liability will not apply with
respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account or to any
claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust
Account. 6 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q
and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim
financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation
of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation
of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering as filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020, as well as the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, as filed
with the SEC on August 7, 2020. The interim results for the three months ended September 30,
2020 and for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of
the results to be expected for period ended December 31, 2020 or for any future periods. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an
 “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of
using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of
the condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates
requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
consist of mutual funds. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020. 7 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Marketable Securities Held in Trust
Account At September 30,
2020, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption The Company accounts
for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as
a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features
redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible
redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s
condensed balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of 21% for the three months
ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, due to
the valuation allowance recorded on the Company’s net operating losses. ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of September 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing
authorities since inception. On March 27,
2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES Act
includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain
net operating losses (“NOL) and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years,
suspend the excess business loss rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate alternative minimum tax credits,
generally loosen the business interest limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent to 50 percent among other technical
corrections included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company does not believe that the CARES Act will have a
significant impact on Company's financial position or statement of operations. Net Loss per Common Share Net loss per
common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The
Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Shares of common stock subject to possible redemption
at September 30, 2020, which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from
the calculation of basic net loss per common share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and
the private placement to purchase 84,250,000 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the
exercise of the warrants into shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted
net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period presented. 8 Reconciliation of Net Loss per Common
Share The Company’s
net loss is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares
only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and diluted
loss per common share is calculated as follows: CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, | For the Period from April 30, 2020 (Inception) Through September 30,
2020 | 2020
Net loss | $ | (155,614 | ) | $ | (156,614 | )
Less: Income attributable to shares subject to possible redemption | — | —
Adjusted net loss | $ | (155,614 | ) | $ | (156,614 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted | 53,784,534 | 51,122,554
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.00 | ) | $ | (0.00 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which,
at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this
account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of
the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the condensed balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company’s condensed financial statements. NOTE 3. PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 207,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their option
to purchase an additional 27,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and
one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The Units sold
in the Initial Public Offering comprise an aggregate of 207,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 41,400,000 Public
Warrants. NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $42,850,000. Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the
Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to the Private Placement Warrants. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On May 22, 2020,
the Sponsor purchased 21,562,500 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000
(the “Founder Shares”). On July 14, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of one-third of a share of Class B
common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, on July 27, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend
of 0.50 to 1 share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock and on July 30, 2020,
the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.20 to 1 share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B
common stock, resulting in 51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock being issued and outstanding. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 6,750,000
shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in
part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after
the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). As a result
of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, 6,750,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 9 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company’s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Promissory Note — Related
Party On May 13, 2020,
the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $600,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a promissory note (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The borrowings outstanding under the note
in the amount of $550,000 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on August 3, 2020. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered
into an agreement whereby, commencing on July 30, 2020 through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of  $50,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. For the three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from April 30,
2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, the Company incurred and paid $100,000 in fees for these services. Advisory Fee The Company may engage
M. Klein and Company, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or another affiliate of the Sponsor, as its lead financial advisor in
connection with a Business Combination and may pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes
a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Related Party Loans In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company’s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the
Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion
of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon
consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the
Private Placement Warrants. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on July 29, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion
of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in
the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 10 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Underwriting Agreement The underwriters
are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $72,450,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the
underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. The underwriters waived the upfront underwriting discount on 19,982,000 Units, resulting in a reduction of the upfront
underwriting discount of $3,996,400. In addition, the underwriters reimbursed the Company an aggregate of $1,000,000 for costs
incurred in connection with the Initial Public Offering. NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock — The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of  $0.0001 per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At September 30,
2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A
Common Stock — On July 30, 2020, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation such that the Company is authorized to issue 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there were
7,212,627 shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding 199,787,373 shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption Class B
Common Stock — On July 30, 2020, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation such that the Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there were
51,750,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding Holders of Class B
common stock will have the right to elect all of the Company’s directors prior to a Business Combination. Holders of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders
except as required by law. The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are
issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business
Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will
be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of
the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares
of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination in consideration for such
seller’s interest in the Business Combination target, any private placement-equivalent warrants issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in a Business Combination. Warrants — Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after
the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public
Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will
not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of
Class A common issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No
warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders
seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the
securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company has agreed
that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
will use its best efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared
effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire
or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on
a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company
so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its reasonable
best efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 11 CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part;
• | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
• | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and
• | if, and only if, the closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance
of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window and the Company
liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants,
nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such
warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.
Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows
the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 12 The following table
presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30,
2020, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: CHURCHILL CAPITAL CORP IV NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Description | Level | September 30, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 2,070,167,783 NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the condensed financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the condensed financial statements. 13 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations References in this
report (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to Churchill
Capital Corp IV. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Churchill Sponsor IV LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements This Quarterly Report
includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly
Report including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,”
 “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or
future performance, but reflect management’s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report and
the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-239856 and 333-240179)
filed with the SEC. The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check
company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business
Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The issuance of additional
shares of our stock in a Business Combination: • | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;
• | may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
• | could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
• | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and
• | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. Similarly, if we issue
debt securities or otherwise incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: • | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
• | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
• | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
• | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;
• | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;
• | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
• | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 14 • | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and
• | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to
complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through September 30, 2020 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of
our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the
Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the three months
ended September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of $155,614, which consists of operating costs of $332,427 and an unrealized loss
on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $42,999, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of $210,782 and a benefit from income taxes of $9,030. For the period from
April 30, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of $156,614, which consists of operating costs
of $333,427 and an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $42,999, offset by interest income on
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $210,782 and a benefit from income taxes of $9,030. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of common stock by the Sponsor and loans from
our Sponsor. On August 3,
2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 207,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of
the over-allotment option, at $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 42,850,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00
per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $42,850,000. Following the Initial
Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of $2,070,000,000
was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $109,714,885 in transaction costs, including $36,403,600 of underwriting fees, $72,450,000
of deferred underwriting fees and $861,285 of other costs. For the period from April 30, 2020 (inception) through
September 30, 2020, cash used in operating activities was $1,391,728. Net loss of $156,614 was affected by interest earned
on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $210,782, unrealized loss of $42,999, a deferred tax provision change of
$9,030, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used $1,058,301 of cash from operating activities. As of September 30,
2020, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of $2,070,167,783. We intend to use substantially all of
the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting
commissions and income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay franchise and income
taxes. During the period ended September 30, 2020, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. To the extent
that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of September 30,
2020, we had cash of $4,218,387 outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from
the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay
such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. 15 We do not believe
we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less
than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business
Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become
obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may
issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2020. Contractual obligations We do not have any
long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay
an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $50,000 for office space, administrative and support services to the Company. We began
incurring these fees on July 30, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of
the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are
entitled to a deferred fee of $72,450,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that
we do not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters waived the upfront
underwriting discount on 19,982,000 Units, resulting in a reduction of the upfront underwriting discount of $3,996,400. In addition,
the underwriters reimbursed us an aggregate of $1,000,000 for costs incurred in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of
condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Common Stock Subject to
Possible Redemption We account for our
shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A common stock subject
to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common
stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common
stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our unaudited condensed
balance sheet. Net Loss per Common Share We apply the two-class
method in calculating earnings per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted for Class A redeemable common stock
is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes, by the weighted average number
of shares of Class A redeemable common stock outstanding for the periods. Net income per common share, basic and diluted for
and Class B non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing net income less income attributable to Class A redeemable
common stock, by the weighted average number of shares of Class B non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the periods
presented. Recent accounting standards Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our condensed financial statements. 16 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk As of September 30,
2020, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering,
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S.
treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2020, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that
during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level
and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as set forth
below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously
disclosed in our Registration Statement filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. The securities in which we invest
the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held
in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest,
they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below
zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the
future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination
or make certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive
their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable.
Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. 17 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds. On August 3,
2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 207,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of
their over-allotment option of 27,000,000 Units. The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, including pursuant to the over-allotment
option, were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of $2,070,000,000. Citigroup Global
Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan acted as the joint book-runner and Academy Securities, Inc.,
Blaylock Van, LLC, Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC and Tigress Financial Partners LLC as the co-manager
of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements
on Form S-1 (No. 333-239856 and 333-240179). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statements
effective on July 29, 2020. Simultaneous with
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 42,850,000 Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $42,850,000. The issuance
was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain
limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds
received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, $2,070,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of
$36,403,600 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $861,285 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer up to $72,450,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. For a description
of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 18 Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits
are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, among the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the underwriters. (1)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1)
10.1 | Letter Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor. (1)
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1)
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, among the Company and certain other security holders named therein. (1)
10.4 | Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, July 29, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)
10.5 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Michael Klein. (1)
10.6 | Indemnity Agreement, July 29, 2020, between the Company and Jay Taragin. (1)
10.7 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Glenn R. August. (1)
10.8 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, between the Company and William J. Bynum. (1)
10.9 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Bonnie Jonas. (1)
10.10 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Mark Klein. (1)
10.11 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Malcolm S. McDermid. (1)
10.12 | Indemnity Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Karen G. Mills. (1)
10.13 | Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor. (1)
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith.
(1) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 19 SIGNATURES In accordance with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. Churchill Capital Corp IV
Date: November 9, 2020 | By: | /s/ Michael Klein
Name: | Michael Klein
Title: | Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Date: November 9, 2020 | By: | /s/ Jay Taragin
Name: | Jay Taragin
Title: | Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer and Financial Officer) 20