8-K 1 tm217692d2_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 23, 2021 (February 22, 2021) Churchill Capital Corp IV (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 001-39408 | 85-0891392
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 640 Fifth Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY | 10019
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 380-7500 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below): x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Title of each class | Trading Symbol | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one warrant | CCIV.U | New York Stock Exchange
Shares of Class A common Stock | CCIV | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants | CCIV WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 8.01 | Other Events On February 22, 2021, members of management
of Churchill Capital Corp IV (“ CCIV ”) and Atieva, Inc. d/b/a Lucid Motors (“ Lucid ”) held
a conference call in connection with the announcement of a proposed transaction involving CCIV and Lucid. A copy of the investor
presentation that was referenced during the call was previously filed by CCIV on February 23, 2021 on a Current Report on Form
8-K. The transcript of the call is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. The information in this Item 8.01, including
Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of CCIV under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the
materiality of any information of the information in this Item 8.01, including Exhibit 99.1. Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,”
 “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “seek,” “target,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,”
 “possible,” “potential,” “predict” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future
events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of financial and operational metrics, projections of market opportunity, market
share and product sales, expectations and timing related to commercial product launches, including the start of production and
launch of the Lucid Air and any future products, the performance, range, autonomous driving and other features of the Lucid Air,
future market opportunities, including with respect to energy storage systems and automotive partnerships, future manufacturing
capabilities and facilities, future sales channels and strategies, future market launches and expansion, potential benefits of
the proposed business combination and PIPE investment (collectively, the “proposed transactions”) and the potential
success of Lucid’s go-to-market strategy, and expectations related to the terms and timing of the proposed transactions.
These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this communication, and on the current expectations
of Lucid’s and CCIV’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are
provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee,
an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Lucid and CCIV. These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic and foreign business,
market, financial, political and legal conditions; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed
transactions, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated
conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed transactions or that the approval
of the shareholders of CCIV or Lucid is not obtained; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Lucid
or CCIV following announcement of the proposed transactions; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transactions;
risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Lucid, including conversion of reservations
into binding orders; risks related to the timing of expected business milestones and commercial launch, including Lucid’s
ability to mass produce the Lucid Air and complete the tooling of its manufacturing facility; risks related to the expansion of
Lucid’s manufacturing facility and the increase of Lucid’s production capacity; risks related to future market adoption
of Lucid’s offerings; the effects of competition and the pace and depth of electric vehicle adoption generally on Lucid’s
future business; changes in regulatory requirements, governmental incentives and fuel and energy prices; Lucid’s ability
to rapidly innovate; Lucid’s ability to deliver Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) estimated driving ranges
that match or exceed its pre-production projected driving ranges; future changes to vehicle specifications which may impact performance,
pricing, and other expectations; Lucid’s ability to enter into or maintain partnerships with original equipment manufacturers,
vendors and technology providers; Lucid’s ability to effectively manage its growth and recruit and retain key employees,
including its chief executive officer and executive team; Lucid’s ability to establish its brand and capture additional market
share, and the risks associated with negative press or reputational harm; Lucid’s ability to manage expenses; Lucid’s
ability to effectively utilize zero emission vehicle credits; the amount of redemption requests made by CCIV’s public shareholders;
the ability of CCIV or the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities in connection with the proposed transactions
or in the future; the outcome of any potential litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries;
and the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on Lucid, CCIV, the combined company’s projected results of operations, financial
performance or other financial metrics, or on any of the foregoing risks; and those factors discussed in CCIV’s final prospectus
dated July 30, 2020 and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended July 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020, in each
case, under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of CCIV filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of
these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by
these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Lucid nor CCIV presently know or that Lucid and CCIV
currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Lucid’s and CCIV’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date of this communication. Lucid and CCIV anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Lucid’s
and CCIV’s assessments to change. However, while Lucid and CCIV may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some
point in the future, Lucid and CCIV specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not
be relied upon as representing Lucid’s and CCIV’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Additional Information About the Proposed Transactions and
Where to Find It The proposed transactions will be submitted to shareholders
of CCIV for their consideration. CCIV intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) which will include preliminary and definitive proxy statements
to be distributed to CCIV’s shareholders in connection with CCIV’s solicitation for proxies for the vote by CCIV’s
shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions and other matters as described in the Registration Statement, as well
as the prospectus relating to the offer of the securities to be issued to Lucid’s shareholders in connection with the completion
of the proposed business combination. After the Registration Statement has been filed and declared effective, CCIV will mail a
definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders as of the record date established for voting on the
proposed transactions. CCIV’s shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read, once available, the preliminary
proxy statement/prospectus and any amendments thereto and, once available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, in connection
with CCIV’s solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of shareholders to be held to approve, among other things, the
proposed transactions, because these documents will contain important information about CCIV, Lucid and the proposed transactions.
Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the preliminary or definitive proxy statement, once available, as well as other documents
filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transactions and other documents filed with the SEC by CCIV, without charge, at the SEC's
website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to CCIV. INVESTMENT IN ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAS NOT BEEN
APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR HAS ANY AUTHORITY PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF
THE OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL
OFFENSE. Participants in the Solicitation CCIV, Lucid and certain of their respective directors, executive
officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitations
of proxies from CCIV’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Information regarding the persons who may,
under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of CCIV’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions
will be set forth in CCIV’s proxy statement/prospectus when it is filed with the SEC. You can find more information about
CCIV’s directors and executive officers in CCIV’s final prospectus filed with the SEC on July 30, 2020. Additional
information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will
be included in the proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available. Shareholders, potential investors and other interested
persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions.
You may obtain free copies of these documents from the sources indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) | Exhibits. The Exhibit Index is incorporated by reference
herein. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Transcript of February 22, 2021 conference call. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Churchill Capital Corp IV
Dated: February 23, 2021
By: | /s/ Jay Taragin
Name: Jay Taragin
Title: Chief Financial Officer