8-K 1 tm2122285d1_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 15, 2021 Churchill Capital Corp IV (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39408 | 85-0891392
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 640 Fifth Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY | 10019
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 380-7500 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below): x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Title of each class | Trading Symbol | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one warrant | CCIV.U | New York Stock Exchange
Shares of Class A common Stock | CCIV | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants | CCIV WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 8.01 | Other Events. On March 22, 2021, Churchill Capital Corp IV, a
Delaware corporation (“Churchill”) filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-254543) (as amended, the “Registration
Statement”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in connection with Churchill’s proposed business
combination with Atieva, Inc., d/b/a Lucid Motors, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman
Islands (“Lucid”) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 22, 2021 (the “Merger
Agreement,” and the transactions contemplated therein, the “Business Combination”), by and among Churchill, Air Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Churchill, and Lucid. On June 25, 2021, Churchill’s Registration
Statement was declared effective by the SEC and Churchill filed a definitive proxy statement/prospectus relating to the special meeting
of stockholders of Churchill scheduled to be held on July 22, 2021 (the “definitive proxy statement/prospectus”) to, among
other things, obtain the approvals required for the Business Combination and the other transactions and ancillary agreements contemplated
by the Merger Agreement. Since the initial filing of the Registration Statement,
Churchill has received four letters on behalf of putative stockholders alleging that the Registration Statement is false and misleading
and/or omits material information concerning the Business Combination in violation of the federal securities laws and/or state law fiduciary
duties (the “Stockholder Demands”). Churchill believes these claims in the Stockholder Demands are without merit. SUPPLEMENT TO DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS This supplemental information should be read in conjunction with
the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, which should be read in its entirety. Page references in the below disclosures are to pages
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, and defined terms used but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus. To the extent the following information differs from or conflicts with the information contained in the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus, the information set forth below shall be deemed to supersede the respective information in the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus. Churchill denies any alleged violations of law or any legal or equitable duty. Without admitting in any way
that the disclosures below are material or otherwise required by law, Churchill makes the following amended and supplemental disclosures
solely for the purpose of mooting the Stockholder Demands. The section of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus entitled
 “Proposal No. 1—The Business Combination Proposal—Background of the Transactions” is hereby amended and supplemented
as follows: The fifth full paragraph on page 138 of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus
is amended and restated in its entirety (new language indicated by bold underline): “Representatives of Churchill and the Sponsor contacted
and were contacted by a number of individuals and entities with respect to acquisition opportunities. Churchill and the Sponsor evaluated
several dozen potential acquisition targets, including targets that were identified by Churchill’s management, the Sponsor’s
operating partners and representatives. In connection with evaluating such opportunities, representatives of Churchill and the Sponsor
met and conducted discussions with representatives of, and commenced due diligence on, several potential target opportunities. Churchill
entered into customary confidentiality agreements with approximately 5 potential targets (other than Lucid), none of which included standstill
provisions with respect to Churchill’s securities. Churchill did not enter into exclusivity, nor did Churchill agree to
terms, with any of the potential targets (other than Lucid, as described below).” The second full paragraph on page 139 of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus
is amended and restated in its entirety (new language indicated by bold underline): “On January 12, 2021, Lucid and Churchill executed
a non-disclosure agreement in connection with a potential business combination. The non-disclosure agreement did not contain a standstill
provision. After entering into the non-disclosure agreement, Churchill and its financial advisors, its strategic advisor (an internationally
recognized consulting firm) and the Sponsor’s operating partners commenced an in depth business, financial and legal due diligence
review of Lucid, and representatives of each party and their respective advisors (acting at the direction of their respective party) held
several dozen calls and meetings in furtherance of that review, including an initial diligence session with management on January 13,
2021, a technology diligence call on January 15, 2021 and the first of several on-site plant and showroom visits on January 20, 2021.
During such due diligence review, representatives of Churchill and its advisors conducted on-site due diligence at Lucid’s factories,
headquarters, showrooms and manufacturing facilities in California and Arizona, were provided access to Lucid’s senior management,
manufacturing employees and production lines and were afforded the opportunity to test drive Lucid’s release-candidate vehicles.
As part of its evaluation of the proposed business combination with Lucid, Churchill engaged BofA Securities, Inc. (“ BofA ”)
and Guggenheim Securities, LLC (“ Guggenheim Securities ”) as its financial advisors. Churchill and BofA entered into
an engagement letter, dated February 9, 2021, pursuant to which Churchill engaged BofA to act as a co-placement agent in connection with
the PIPE Investment. Churchill and BofA also entered into an engagement letter, dated as of January 23, 2021, pursuant to which Churchill
engaged BofA to act as its financial advisor in connection with the Transactions. BofA was not engaged by Churchill to provide a fairness
opinion with respect to the Transactions. Pursuant to the terms of BofA’s engagement letters, Churchill has agreed to pay
BofA customary cash fees for its services, all of which are contingent upon consummation of the Merger, plus an additional discretionary
incentive fee payable at the sole discretion of Churchill. In addition, Churchill has agreed to reimburse BofA for certain expenses and
to indemnify it against certain liabilities arising out of its engagement. In connection with its engagement as financial advisor, BofA
furnished to Churchill’s Board of Directors a disclosure memorandum, dated February 20, 2021, that did not disclose any revenues
having been derived by BofA and its affiliates in respect of investment banking, commercial banking and certain other financial services
from Churchill or Lucid during the period between February 1, 2019 and January 31, 2021. In addition, Churchill and Guggenheim
Securities entered into an engagement letter, dated as of February 20, 2021, pursuant to which Churchill engaged Guggenheim Securities
to act as its financial advisor in connection with the Transactions and its capital markets advisor with respect to the PIPE Investment.
As part of this engagement, it was contemplated that Guggenheim Securities would render a fairness opinion to Churchill with respect to
the Transactions.” The following is added at the end of the carryover paragraph on page
140 of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus: “Neither Churchill, Lucid nor Ayar engaged in any discussions
with any director or officer of Churchill regarding potential nomination to the post-combination company board of directors prior to the
announcement of the Transactions on February 22, 2021.” The section of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus entitled
 “Proposal No. 1—The Business Combination Proposal—Opinion of Churchill’s Financial Advisor” is hereby amended
and supplemented as follows: The second bullet of the second full paragraph on page 157 of the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus is amended and restated in its entirety (new language indicated by bold underline): “Guggenheim Securities used a discount rate range of
10.25% — 12.50% based on its estimate of Lucid’s weighted average cost of capital (which was estimated based on Guggenheim
Securities’ (i) investment banking and capital markets judgment and experience in valuing companies similar to Lucid and (ii) application
of the capital asset pricing model with the following specific inputs: (a) Guggenheim Securities’ then-current estimate of the prospective
US equity risk premium range (i.e., 5.50% – 6.50%), (b) Guggenheim Securities’ review of the Bloomberg one-year, two-year
and five-year adjusted equity betas and Barra predicted equity betas for Tesla and NIO (i.e., the companies included in Guggenheim Securities’
selected publicly traded companies analysis, excluding those with limited trading histories), which resulted in a prospective unlevered
equity beta reference range for Lucid of 1.500 – 1.600, (c) the then-prevailing yield on the 20-year US Treasury bond (i.e., 1.98%),
as a proxy for the risk-free rate, and (d) Lucid’s assumed forward-looking capital structure) .” The third bullet of the second full paragraph on page 157 of the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus is amended and restated in its entirety (new language indicated by bold underline): “In estimating Lucid’s terminal/continuing value,
Guggenheim Securities used a reference range of perpetual growth rates of Lucid’s terminal year after-tax unlevered free cash flow
of 2.0% — 3.0% (excluding certain incentives). Guggenheim Securities selected such terminal/continuing value-related perpetual
growth rates based on its professional judgment taking into account various considerations and factors, including among others (i) the
nature of Lucid’s business, including recent and expected trends in and competitive dynamics with respect to, and expected long-term
growth prospects for, the industry and markets in which Lucid operates, (ii) the Financial Projections, and (iii) then-prevailing market
expectations regarding global long-term economic growth and global long-term inflation. The terminal/continuing values implied
by the foregoing perpetual growth rate reference range were cross-checked for reasonableness by reference to Lucid’s implied terminal
year EBITDA multiples (which ranged from 7.2x using a 2.0% perpetuity growth rate and a 12.50% discount rate to 10.4x using a 3.0% perpetuity
growth rate and a 10.25% discount rate).” The third full paragraph on page 157 of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus
is amended and restated in its entirety (new language indicated by bold underline): “Guggenheim Securities’ discounted cash flow
analyses resulted in an overall total equity value reference range of $19.0 — $34.1 billion (including, at the midpoint assumptions
which result in an Equity Value of $25.120 billion, (i) an estimated present value of the terminal value of Lucid of approximately $23.325
billion and (ii) an estimated present value of certain tax benefits of approximately $0.562 billion) for purposes of evaluating
the Merger Consideration.” The second full paragraph on page 159 of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus
is amended and restated in its entirety, including the addition of the following chart (new language indicated by bold underline): “ Selected Precedent SPAC Business Combination Transactions
Analysis . Guggenheim Securities reviewed and analyzed certain financial metrics associated with selected precedent SPAC business combination
transactions that Guggenheim Securities deemed relevant for purposes of this analysis (i.e., SPAC business combination transactions involving
passenger or commercial electric vehicle original equipment manufacturers). The following seven precedent SPAC business combination
transactions were selected by Guggenheim Securities for purposes of this analysis: Selected Precedent SPAC Business Combination Transactions
($ in billions)
Date Announced | Date Closed | Acquiror | Target Company | TEV at Announcement (1)
Passenger Electric Vehicle OEM (De-SPAC)
8/18/20 | 12/21/20 | Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. IV | Canoo Inc. | $ | 1.8
7/13/20 | 10/29/20 | Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp. | Fisker Inc. | $ | 1.9
1/28/21 | N/A | Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. | FF Intelligent Mobility Global Holdings Ltd. | $ | 2.6
Commercial Electric Vehicle OEM (De-SPAC)
3/3/20 | 6/30/20 | VectoIQ Acquisition Corp. | Nikola Corp. | $ | 3.3
11/18/20 | 3/24/21 | CIIG Merger Corp. | Arrival S.à r.l. | $ | 5.4
8/3/20 | 10/23/20 | DiamondPeak Holdings Corp. | Lordstown Motors Corp. | $ | 1.0
1/12/21 | 6/14/21 | ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. | Proterra Inc. | $ | 1.6 (1) Source: Public filings, based on SPAC transaction
presentation. Guggenheim Securities calculated, among other things and to the extent
publicly available, certain implied transaction multiples for the selected precedent SPAC business combination transactions based on estimates
from each company’s publicly available financial filings and certain other publicly available information at the time of transaction
announcement, which are summarized in the table below.” Additional Information About the Proposed Transactions and Where
to Find It The proposed business combination between Lucid and Churchill and the
related PIPE investment (together, the “proposed transactions”) will be submitted to shareholders of Churchill for their consideration.
Churchill has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) which included a definitive proxy statement in connection with Churchill’s solicitation for proxies for
the vote by Churchill’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions and other matters as described in the Registration
Statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer of the securities to be issued to Lucid’s shareholders in connection
with the completion of the proposed business combination. Churchill mailed a definitive proxy statement and has mailed other relevant
documents to its stockholders as of the record date established for voting on the proposed transactions. Churchill’s stockholders
and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and any amendments thereto in connection with
Churchill’s solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of shareholders to be held to approve, among other things, the proposed
transactions, because these documents contain important information about Churchill, Lucid and the proposed transactions. Shareholders
may also obtain a copy of the definitive proxy statement as well as other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transactions
and other documents filed with the SEC by Churchill, without charge, at the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request
to Churchill. INVESTMENT IN ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED
OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR HAS ANY AUTHORITY PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR
THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. Participants in the Solicitation Churchill, Lucid and certain of their respective directors, executive
officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies
from Churchill’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC
rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Churchill’s shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions is set
forth in Churchill’s proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement. Additional information regarding the participants
in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests is included in the proxy statement/prospectus. Shareholders,
potential investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully before making any voting or investment
decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the sources indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. Trademarks This communication contains trademarks, service marks, trade names
and copyrights of Lucid, Churchill and other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,”
 “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “seek,” “target,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,”
 “potential,” “predict” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are
not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations
and timing related to commercial product launches, including the start of production and launch of the Lucid Air and any future products,
the performance, range and other features of the Lucid Air, future manufacturing capabilities and facilities, the potential success of
Lucid’s go-to-market strategy and expectations related to the terms and timing of the proposed transactions, including the timing
of Lucid’s planned public listing. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this communication,
and on the current expectations of Lucid’s and Churchill’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These
forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by
any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances
are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of
Lucid and Churchill. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic
and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate
the proposed transactions, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated
conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed transactions or that the approval
of the shareholders of Churchill or Lucid is not obtained; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against
Lucid or Churchill following announcement of the proposed transactions; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transactions;
risks related to the timing of expected business milestones and commercial launch, including Lucid’s ability to mass produce the
Lucid Air and complete the tooling of its manufacturing facility; risks related to the expansion of Lucid’s manufacturing facility
and the increase of Lucid’s production capacity; risks related to future market adoption of Lucid’s offerings; the effects
of competition and the pace and depth of electric vehicle adoption generally on Lucid’s future business; changes in regulatory requirements,
governmental incentives and fuel and energy prices; Lucid’s ability to rapidly innovate; Lucid’s ability to deliver Environmental
Protection Agency (“EPA”) estimated driving ranges that match or exceed its pre-production projected driving ranges; future
changes to vehicle specifications which may impact performance, pricing, and other expectations; Lucid’s ability to enter into or
maintain partnerships with original equipment manufacturers, vendors and technology providers; Lucid’s ability to effectively manage
its growth and recruit and retain key employees, including its chief executive officer and executive team; Lucid’s ability to establish
its brand and capture additional market share, and the risks associated with negative press or reputational harm; Lucid’s ability
to manage expenses; the outcome of any potential litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries; and
the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on Lucid, Churchill, the combined company’s projected results of operations, financial
performance or other financial metrics, or on any of the foregoing risks; and those factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors”
in the Registration Statement and Churchill’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as well as other
documents of Churchill filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither
Lucid nor Churchill presently know or that Lucid and Churchill currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to
differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Lucid’s and Churchill’s
expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Lucid and Churchill anticipate that
subsequent events and developments will cause Lucid’s and Churchill’s assessments to change. However, while Lucid and Churchill
may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Lucid and Churchill specifically disclaim any obligation
to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Lucid’s and Churchill’s assessments as
of any date subsequent to the date of this communication. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Churchill Capital Corp IV
Dated: July 15, 2021
By: | /s/ Jay Taragin
Name: Jay Taragin
Title: Chief Financial Officer