424B3 1 tm2128669d2_424b3.htm 424B3 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) Registration No. 333-258348 Prospectus Supplement No. 3 (to prospectus dated August 24, 2021) Up to 85,750,000 Shares of Class A Common
Stock and Up to 1,336,329,949 Shares of Class A Common Stock Up to 44,350,000 Warrants to Purchase Class A Common Stock Offered by the Selling Securityholders This prospectus supplement
is being filed to update and supplement the information contained in the prospectus dated August 24, 2021 (the “ Prospectus ”),
which forms part of our registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-258348) with the information contained in our Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) on September 28, 2021 (the “ Current
Report ”). Accordingly, we have attached the Current Report to this prospectus supplement. The Prospectus and this prospectus supplement
relate to: (1) the issuance by us of an aggregate of up to 85,750,000 shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“ Class A
common stock ”), consisting of (a) 41,400,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants,
(b) 42,850,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and (c) 1,500,000
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Working Capital Warrants, and (2) the offer and sale from time
to time by the selling securityholders named in the Prospectus (the “ Selling Securityholders ”), or their permitted
transferees, of (a) up to 1,336,329,949 shares of Class A common stock, consisting of (i) 1,244,157,121 issued and outstanding
shares of Class A common stock, (ii) 47,822,828 shares of Class A common stock subject to vesting and/or exercise of the
assumed Lucid Equity Awards and (iii) 44,350,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants, and (b) 44,350,000 warrants representing the Private Placement Warrants and the Working
Capital Warrants. This prospectus supplement updates and supplements
the information in the Prospectus and is not complete without, and may not be delivered or utilized except in combination with, the Prospectus,
including any amendments or supplements thereto. This prospectus supplement should be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and if there
is any inconsistency between the information in the Prospectus and this prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in this
prospectus supplement. Terms used in this prospectus supplement but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in
the Prospectus. We are an “emerging growth company”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. We expect
that we will cease to be an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2021. As of July 23, 2021 our majority stockholder, Ayar,
owned approximately 62.7% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of
Nasdaq rules and, as a result, qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Ayar also currently has the
ability to nominate five of the nine directors to our Board. You
should read the Prospectus, this prospectus supplement and any additional prospectus supplement or amendment carefully before you invest
in our securities. Our Class A common stock and Public Warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols
 “LCID” and “LCIDW,” respectively. On September 27, 2021, the closing price of our Class A common stock
was $25.89 per share and the closing price for our Public Warrants was $11.55. Investing in our Class A
common stock and warrants involves a high degree of risk. See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 8
of the Prospectus. Neither the SEC nor any
other state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed on the adequacy or accuracy of the Prospectus
or this prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. September 28, 2021 2 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 28, 2021 Lucid Group, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39408 | 85-0891392
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
7373 Gateway Blvd Newark, CA (Address of principal executive offices) | 94560 (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (510) 648-3553
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below): ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Title of each class | Trading Symbol | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share | LCID | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | LCIDW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933(§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 8.01. | Other Events. On
September 28, 2021, Lucid Group, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing the production of the Lucid Air at
its Advanced Manufacturing Plant-1 factory in Casa Grande, Arizona and that customer deliveries to reservation holders of the Lucid Air
Dream Edition are expected to begin in late October 2021. A copy of the Company’s press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto
and is incorporated herein by reference. Neither
this Current Report on Form 8-K nor the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any of the Company’s securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction
in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description
99.1 | Press Release dated September 28, 2021
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. Dated: September 28, 2021 | LUCID GROUP, INC.
By: | /s/ Sherry House
Name: Sherry House
Title: Chief Financial Officer Exhibit 99.1 Lucid Starts Production of the Groundbreaking
Lucid Air in Arizona; Customer Deliveries to Begin in October · | Lucid Production Preview Week events begin at Lucid’s factory in Casa Grande, AZ, with customers, media and policymakers, including Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, in attendance
· | First Lucid Air customer-quality cars driven off the assembly line after achieving EPA certification, as well as achieving FMVSS safety certification
· | Customer deliveries to begin in late October
· | Reservations for Lucid Air surpass 13,000 NEWARK, CA — September 28,
2021 — Lucid Group , which is setting new standards with its advanced luxury EVs, kicked off its Production Preview
Week, a series of events during which Lucid opened the doors of its Advanced Manufacturing Plant (AMP-1) and Lucid Powertrain Manufacturing
(LPM-1) factories in Casa Grande, Arizona, to members of the media and investor communities, policymakers, and Lucid Air Dream Edition
customers. The first customer-quality Lucid Air
luxury electric sedans rolled off the assembly line today during the event at AMP-1, which included a factory commissioning ceremony
with Arizona Governor Doug Ducey. Governor Ducey joined other policymakers and invited guests in highlighting Lucid’s local job
creation and economic development, increase in high-tech manufacturing footprint, and plans for future expansion in the state. Lucid’s
Arizona manufacturing facilities are expected to bring a projected economic output (direct, indirect, and induced) of $9 billion to the
state in 2024, as well as a projected 15,000 jobs annually (direct, indirect, and induced) by 2024. During the event, customers, analysts,
investors, and members of the media were also given the opportunity to be some of the first to test drive the Lucid Air. Lucid Air Customer Deliveries to Begin in Late October Lucid expects reservation holders of Lucid Air Dream Edition models
will begin receiving their vehicles in late October, with customer deliveries ramping up thereafter. Grand Touring, Touring, and Air Pure
model deliveries are expected to follow. Lucid has thus far received more than 13,000 reservations for Lucid Air and increased the planned
total production quantity of the Dream Edition to 520 vehicles. The EPA recently released its official range estimate for the Lucid
Air Dream Edition Range, which is the longest range for any electric car rated by the EPA: 520 miles on a single charge , more than
100 miles over its closest competitor. The Lucid Air Dream Edition Performance and Lucid Air Grand Touring also achieved EPA estimated
ranges far beyond any other EV. With customer-quality cars now coming off the line, Lucid has confirmed that the Air meets all the applicable
regulatory requirements from the EPA and U.S. Department of Transportation. “The proprietary EV technology that Lucid has developed will
make it possible to travel more miles using less battery energy. For example, our Lucid Air Grand Touring has an official EPA rating of
516 miles of range with a 112-kWh battery pack, giving it an industry-leading efficiency of 4.6 miles per kWh. Our technology will allow
for increasingly lighter, more efficient, and less expensive EVs, and today represents a major step in our journey to expand the accessibility
of more sustainable transportation,” said Peter Rawlinson, CEO and CTO, Lucid Group. “I’m delighted that production
cars endowed with this level of efficiency are currently driving off our factory line.” AMP-1 Factory Expansion Lucid completed the construction of the AMP-1 factory, positioned on
a 590-acre site in Casa Grande, Arizona, in less than a year. As the first greenfield, dedicated electric vehicle factory to be built
in North America, Lucid’s innovative AMP-1 was designed with a future-ready focus that has allowed the company to already embark
on a massive expansion of the facility. This will add 2.85 million square feet to support an increase in Air production and establish
production of the brand’s first SUV, Gravity, which is expected to start in 2023. About Lucid Group Lucid’s mission is to inspire the adoption of sustainable energy
by creating the most captivating electric vehicles, centered around the human experience. The company’s first car, Lucid Air, is
a state-of-the-art luxury sedan with a California-inspired design underpinned by race-proven technology. Lucid Air features a luxurious
full-size interior space in a mid-size exterior footprint. Customer deliveries of Lucid Air, which is produced at Lucid’s new factory
in Casa Grande, Arizona, are planned to begin in late October. Media Contact media@lucidmotors.com Trademarks This communication contains trademarks, service marks, trade names
and copyrights of Lucid Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) and other companies, which are the property
of their respective owners. Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,”
 “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “seek,” “target,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,”
 “potential,” “predict” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are
not statements of historical facts. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company’s
expectations related to the start of production and deliveries of the Lucid Air and Lucid Gravity, the performance, range, and other features
of the Lucid Air, construction and expansion of the Company’s AMP-1 manufacturing facility, and the promise of the Company’s
technology. These statements are based on various assumptions, and actual events and circumstances may differ. Forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including factors discussed in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1,
as amended, the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the Company’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, in each case, under the heading “Risk Factors,” as well
as other documents of the Company that are filed, or will be filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If any of these risks
materialize or the Company’s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these
forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that the Company does not presently know or that the Company currently believes
are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking
statements reflect the Company’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication.
However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically
disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s assessments
as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.