0000217346 false 0000217346 2020-03-31 2020-04-01 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2020 TEXTRON INC. (Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter) Delaware | 1-5480 | 05-0315468
(State of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification Number) 40
Westminster Street , Providence , Rhode Island 02903 (Address
of principal executive offices) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: ( 401 ) 421-2800 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instructions A.2. below): ¨ Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of exchange on which registered
Common Stock – par value $0.125 | TXT | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b–2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth
company ¨ If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On April 1, 2020,
Textron Inc. (“Textron”) entered into a 364-Day Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Term
Loan Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as syndication
agent and Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as documentation agents, and other lenders in an aggregate principal amount
of $500 million. On April 2, 2020, Textron borrowed the full amount available under the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement
terminates on March 31, 2021 and the principal amount of outstanding loans thereunder plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees
will be due and payable on that date. Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Agreement may be prepaid, however any prepayment would
be permanent. Textron
will have two options with respect to interest on syndicated borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement. The first option is
for interest to be payable at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate which is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the
NYFRB Rate plus ½ of 1% and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period, plus 1%, plus a margin
(“Base Rate Margin”) which can range from 1.00% to 1.50% depending on Textron’s senior unsecured long-term
debt ratings as determined by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services ("S&P") and Moody's Investor Service, Inc.
("Moody's"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Base Rate will be no less than 1.75%. Based on Textron's
current S&P and Moody's ratings (BBB and Baa2, respectively) the Base Rate Margin would be 1.00%. Alternatively, Textron
may opt to pay interest at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable Adjusted LIBO Rate, plus a margin (“Eurodollar
Margin”) which can range from 2.00% to 2.50% depending upon Textron’s ratings. This Eurodollar Margin would
currently be 2.00% and will be no less than 0.75%. Textron also will pay to the Lenders fees customary for loans of this
type. The
Term Loan restricts the ability of Textron and its Finance group from incurring additional indebtedness by requiring that net cash
proceeds received from the issuance of debt, except for certain permitted indebtedness, be applied to the prepayment of amounts
outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement. Permitted indebtedness includes (i) the issuance of commercial paper, (ii) purchase
money indebtedness or equipment financing incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iii) capital leases incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (iv) obligations with respect to letters of credit entered into in the ordinary course of business,
(v) guarantees of certain obligations of Textron subsidiaries, (vi) borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies,
(vii) borrowings under Textron’s $1.0 billion revolving credit facility, (viii) intercompany borrowings, (ix) refinancing
of Finance group debt which matures prior to the termination date of the Term Loan Agreement and (x) other indebtedness not to
exceed an aggregate of $300 million. The
Term Loan Agreement contains covenants that, among other things: ● | provide that Textron may not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of its assets to any other entity unless such entity expressly assumes all of Textron’s obligations under the Term Loan Agreement;
● | restrict the ability of Textron and its manufacturing subsidiaries to incur liens, other than certain permitted liens, including liens securing indebtedness not in excess of the Pooled Basket Amount (equal to 3% of the consolidated total assets of Textron and its manufacturing subsidiaries);
● | restrict the ability of Textron’s manufacturing subsidiaries to incur certain indebtedness in excess of the Pooled Basket Amount;
● | require Textron to maintain the Finance Company Leverage Ratio (as such term is defined in the Term Loan Agreement) at no more than 9 to 1;
● | require the Consolidated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Term Loan Agreement) of Textron and its manufacturing subsidiaries not to exceed 65% of Consolidated Capitalization (also as defined in the Term Loan Agreement);
● | prohibit Textron or its subsidiaries from directly or indirectly repurchasing Textron common stock. The
Term Loan Agreement contains customary Events of Default (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement); in addition, a Change of Control
(also as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) triggers an Event of Default under the Term Loan Agreement. Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default, all loans outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement (including accrued interest and fees payable with respect
thereto) may be declared immediately due and payable and all commitments under the Term Loan Agreement may be terminated. The
foregoing description of the Term Loan Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the text of the Term Loan Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. | Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant The information described above under "Item 1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement" is incorporated herein by reference. Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure Textron has strengthened its cash
position as disclosed herein in light of the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, known as “COVID-19”,
pandemic. Globally, the spread of COVID-19 has led to supply chain destabilizations, facility closures, workforce
disruptions, reduced demand for many products and services, volatility in the capital markets and uncertainty in economic
outlook, and its full impact has not yet been ascertained. The outbreak and preventative or
protective actions that U.S. and foreign governments, corporations, individuals or we may take to contain the virus may
result in a period of reduced operations and business disruption for us and our suppliers, subcontractors, customers and
other third parties with which we do business. Many of Textron’s operations have already experienced
various degrees of disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the pandemic, and the company expects that its
financial results for the first quarter and remainder of 2020 will be impacted by these conditions and continued global
economic uncertainty. Most of Textron’s U.S. business operations currently are excepted from various state and local
shut-down orders and other restrictions on operations implemented as a result of COVID-19 because they are considered
essential critical infrastructure businesses. However, shut-down orders and operating restrictions could change at any time
in a manner and scope which impacts any of our businesses, suppliers, subcontractors or customers. Moreover, certain of our
non-U.S. facilities have been--and currently are--subject to shut-down orders and operating restrictions and others may be
impacted by these actions in the future. Further, all of our businesses are and may continue to be affected by various other
COVID-19 related challenges, including remote working arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, quarantines
and other workforce and supply chain disruptions. We cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of this pandemic, or
the extent to which its impacts may materially and adversely affect Textron’s business, financial position, results of
operations or liquidity. As a result, Textron is withdrawing the financial outlook for 2020 provided in its press release
filed as Exhibit 99.1 to its Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2020. Further updates will be provided in Textron’s first
quarter earnings announcement and conference call. In addition, consistent with the provisions of the Term Loan Agreement,
Textron has suspended its share repurchase program at least until amounts borrowed thereunder have been repaid. Supplemental Risk Factor Textron is supplementing the risk factors set out under “Item
1A. Risk Factors” in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 4, 2020 filed on February 25,
2020 (the “Form 10-K”) with the additional risk factor set out below. The risk factor below should be read
in conjunction with the other risk factors set out in the Form 10-K. Our business could be materially and adversely impacted by
the recent Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak or other similar outbreaks. The
recent outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any other outbreaks of contagious diseases or other adverse public health
developments in countries where we operate or where our customers or suppliers are located, could have a material and adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The effects of COVID-19 have included and could continue
to include disruptions in our supply chain, disruptions or restrictions on the ability of many of our employees to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions, facility closures or other restrictions, as well as temporary closures of certain of our facilities, including manufacturing and service facilities, or the facilities of
our customers or suppliers. In addition, in recent weeks the continued spread of COVID-19 has resulted in disruption and volatility
in the global capital markets, adversely impacting access to capital. Any of these events are likely
to negatively impact our operations. As a result, we may be unable to perform fully on our contracts and our costs may increase
as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. These cost increases may not be fully recoverable or adequately covered by insurance,
negatively impacting our profitability. It is possible that the continued spread of COVID-19 could also further cause
disruption in our supply chain; cause delay, or limit the ability of, the U.S. Government and other customers to perform, including
in making timely payments to us; impact investment performance; and cause other unpredictable events. In addition, the outbreak
of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets
of many countries, which could result in an economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products. The extent to
which COVID-19 could impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity is highly uncertain
and will depend on future developments. Such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, the severity
of the disease and the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the
outbreak. Forward-looking Information Certain statements in this Current Report are forward-looking
statements which may project revenues or describe strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; these statements
speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, those included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 4, 2020, risks related to Textron’s cash position and risks
related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits (c) | Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith: Exhibit Number | Description
10.1 | 364-Day Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, among Textron, the lenders listed therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as syndication agent and Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as documentation agents.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. TEXTRON INC.
(Registrant)
By: | /s/ Eric Salander
Eric Salander
Vice President—Investor Relations
and Treasurer Date: April 1, 2020