S-3 1 d747107ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2024 No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-4164597
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6811 Benjamin Franklin Drive, Suite 200 Columbia, Maryland 21046 (410) 312-0885 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Julie Peffer Chief
Financial Officer 6811 Benjamin Franklin Drive, Suite 200 Columbia, Maryland 21046 (410) 312-0885 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copy to: Robert M.
Hayward, P.C. Alexander M. Schwartz Kirkland & Ellis LLP 300 North LaSalle Chicago,
IL 60654 (312) 862-2000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box: ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ☐ If this
Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box: ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed
to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☒
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant (the “Registrant”) hereby amends this registration statement (the “Registration Statement”) on such date
or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
These securities may not be issued until the registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and does not constitute the solicitation of
an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 28, 2024 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS BIGBEAR.AI
HOLDINGS, INC. 14,800,000 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates solely to the resale from time to time of up to an aggregate of 14,800,000 shares of our common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (“ Common Stock ”) by the selling stockholder identified in this prospectus (the “ Selling Stockholder, ” which term as used in this prospectus includes assignees). Such shares consist of 14,800,000
shares of Common Stock (the “ Warrant Shares ”) that are issuable upon the exercise of the common stock purchase warrants acquired by the Selling Stockholder pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreements (as defined below). On February 27, 2024, we entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the “ February Warrant Exercise Agreement ”), pursuant
to which the Company issued to the Selling Stockholder a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,800,000 Warrant Shares (the “ February Warrant ”) in exchange for the Selling Stockholder exercising an
outstanding common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,886,255 shares of Common Stock (the “ June 2023 Warrant ”). On March 4, 2024, we entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the “ March Warrant Exercise Agreement ” and, together with
the February Warrant Exercise Agreement, the “ Warrant Exercise Agreements ”), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Selling Stockholder received a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 9,000,000
Warrant Shares (the “ March Warrant ” and, together with the February Warrant, the “ Warrants ”) in exchange for the Selling Stockholder exercising an outstanding common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an
aggregate of 13,888,889 shares of Common Stock (the “ January 2023 Warrant ”). We are registering the Warrant Shares for
resale pursuant to the aforementioned Warrant Exercise Agreements. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Warrant Shares by the Selling Stockholder pursuant to this prospectus. However, we will receive proceeds from the exercise of
the Warrants provided that the Warrants are exercised for cash. We intend to use those proceeds, if any, for general corporate purposes. In addition, we will pay certain expenses associated with the registration of the securities covered by this
prospectus, as described in the section entitled “ Plan of Distribution .” The Selling Stockholder will bear all commissions and discounts, if any, attributable to their sales of the Warrant Shares. The Selling Stockholder may offer such shares from time to time as it may determine through public or private transactions or through other
means described in the section entitled “ Plan of Distribution ” at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. This prospectus does not necessarily mean that the Selling
Stockholder will offer or sell the shares. We cannot predict when or in what amounts the Selling Stockholder may sell any of the shares offered by this prospectus. Any shares of Common Stock subject to resale hereunder will have been issued by us
and acquired by the Selling Stockholder prior to any resale of such shares pursuant to this prospectus. Because all of the shares offered
under this prospectus are being offered by the Selling Stockholder, we cannot currently determine the price or prices at which our shares may be sold under this prospectus. You should read this prospectus and any prospectus supplement or amendment carefully before you invest in our securities. Our Common Stock is
listed on The New York Stock Exchange (“ NYSE ”) under the symbol “ BBAI .” On March 26, 2024, the closing sale price of our Common Stock was $2.09. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company
reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” on page 4, and any applicable
prospectus supplement, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be
issued under this prospectus or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this prospectus is March 28, 2024. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | iii
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | iv
SUMMARY OF THE PROSPECTUS | 1
THE OFFERING | 3
RISK FACTORS | 4
USE OF PROCEEDS | 5
SELLING STOCKHOLDER | 6
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 7
LEGAL MATTERS | 9
EXPERTS | 9
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 9
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE | 10 i Table of Contents You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. No one has been
authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in this prospectus. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurances as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This
prospectus is dated as of the date set forth on the cover hereof. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. For investors outside the United States: We have not done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of
this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. You are required to inform yourselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to this offering and the distribution of this
prospectus. ii Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is a part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”), using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, the Selling Stockholder may, from time to time, sell the shares of Common Stock offered by them described in
this prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale by such Selling Stockholder of the Warrant Shares pursuant to this prospectus, except with respect to amounts received by us upon the exercise of the Warrants for cash. This prospectus does not include all of the information that is in the registration statement. We omitted certain parts of the registration
statement from this prospectus as permitted by the SEC. We refer you to the registration statement and its exhibits for additional information about us and the securities that may be sold under this prospectus. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder have authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than
those contained in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder take responsibility for, and can
provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder will make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You
should not assume that the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the respective dates of such document. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
may have changed since those dates. We may also provide a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the registration statement
to add information to, or update or change information contained in, this prospectus. You should read both this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the registration statement together with the
additional information to which we refer you in the section of this prospectus entitled “ Where You Can Find More Information .” Unless otherwise specified, references to the “ Company ,” “ we ,” “ us ” or
“ our ,” are to BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. iii Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements included in this prospectus and the exhibits hereto that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements for
purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, to the extent those safe harbor provisions are determined to be available. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words
such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,”
“potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding BigBear.ai’s industry, future events and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us and should not be relied upon as representing BigBear.ai’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this prospectus. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting
us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements are also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be
materially different from those expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, risks relating to the following: • | our limited operating history as a combined company, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects; • | changes in domestic and foreign business, market financial, political and legal conditions; • | our ability to sustain our revenue growth in the future; • | our ability to execute our strategy to grow our business and increase our sales and the number and types of markets we compete in; • | the length of our sales cycle and the time and expense associated with it; • | our ability to grow our customer base and to expand our relationships with our existing customers, including with our government customers; • | our reliance on customers in the public/government sector; • | the market and our customers accepting and adopting our products, including our future new product offerings; • | competition in our industry; • | our ability to gain contracts on favorable terms, including with our government customers; • | our ability to successfully compete for and receive task orders and generate revenue under indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contracts; • | potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or procurement processes, including as a result of events such as war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters and public health concerns and epidemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak; • | increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays caused by other factors outside of our control, such as performance failures of our subcontractors; • | our ability to grow, maintain and enhance our brand and reputation; • | security and our technology, including cybersecurity; • | our ability to maintain competitive pricing for our products; • | our ability to secure financing necessary to operate and grow our business as planned, including through acquisitions; iv Table of Contents • | the high degree of uncertainty of the level of demand for, and market utilization of, our solutions and products; • | substantial regulation and the potential for unfavorable changes to, or failure by us to comply with, these regulations, which could substantially harm our business and operating results; • | our dependency upon third-party service providers for certain technologies; • | increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, which could harm our business; • | developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; • | the unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results; • | our existing debt and our ability to refinance it on more favorable terms; • | our management team’s limited experience managing a public company; • | our ability to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and ability to deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; • | our ability to successfully execute future joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances and subcontracting opportunities; • | our ability to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate any such acquisitions; • | our ability to successfully maintain, protect, enforce and grow our intellectual property rights; • | our compliance with governmental laws, trade controls, customs requirements and other regulations we are subject to; • | the possibility of our need to defend ourselves against fines, penalties and injunctions if we are determined to be promoting products for unapproved uses or otherwise found to have violated a law or regulation; • | concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates, which may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions; • | the effect of economic downturns, depressions and recessions; • | our ability to integrate and realize the expected synergies on the recent acquisition of Pangiam Intermediate Holdings, LLC (“ Pangiam ”); and • | our significantly increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company and any resulting adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. In particular, you should consider the numerous risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the period ended December 31, 2023, and as described or may be described in any subsequent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the
heading “ Item 1A.Risk Factors ,” which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and any other documents we file with the SEC that are deemed incorporated by reference into this prospectus and in the “ Risk
Factors ” section in the applicable prospectus supplement. See “ Where You Can Find More Information .” Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures or investments we make. Before any stockholder invests in our securities, such stockholder should be aware that the
occurrence of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this prospectus may adversely affect us. v Table of Contents SUMMARY OF THE PROSPECTUS This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The summary may not contain all the
information that you should consider before investing in our securities. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including “Risk Factors” contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein, before making an investment
decision. Company Overview BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc.’s (“ BigBear.ai ” or the “ Company ”) mission is to help deliver clarity for the
world’s most complex decisions. BigBear.ai is a leading provider of Edge AI-powered decision intelligence solutions for national security, supply chain management, and digital identity. Customers and
partners rely on BigBear.ai’s predictive analytics capabilities in highly complex, distributed, mission-based operating environments. We are a technology-led solutions organization, providing both
software and services to our customers. Business Overview BigBear.ai is a leader in the use of Artificial Intelligence (“ AI ”) and Machine Learning for decision support. We provide
our customers with a competitive advantage in a world driven by data that is growing exponentially in terms of volume, variety and velocity. We believe data—when leveraged effectively—can be a strategic asset for any organization. Through
our supply chain & logistics, autonomous systems and cybersecurity solutions, we help our customers make sense of the world in which they operate, understand how known and previously unforeseen forces impact their operations, and determine
which decision and course of action will best achieve their objectives. With all of our solutions, as needed by each customer, we offer
specialized consulting services to design, customize, deploy, operate and support our solutions for federal and commercial customers. Due to the breadth and depth of experience and expertise in our team, many of our customers rely on BigBear.ai
resources to supplement their technical and operational staff for long-term engagements as well. With the addition of Pangiam, BigBear.ai
accelerates and evolves in three markets: national security, supply chain management, and digital identity. Each of these markets are expected to experience double digit growth in the coming years as they embrace and operationalize advanced
technologies like artificial intelligence in highly distributed environments. Stock Exchange Listing BigBear.ai’s Common Stock and public warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols “ BBAI ” and
“ BBAI.WS ,” respectively. Recent Developments Warrant Exercise Agreements On
March 4, 2024, BigBear.ai entered into the March Warrant Exercise Agreement, pursuant to which the Selling Stockholder agreed to exercise the January 2023 Warrant. In consideration for the immediate and full exercise of the January 2023 Warrant
for cash, the Selling Stockholder received the March Warrant in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “ Securities Act ”). The March Warrant will become exercisable commencing at any
time on or after September 5, 2024 (the “ March Exercise Date ”), with an expiration date five years after the March Exercise Date, with an exercise price per share equal to $4.75. 1 Table of Contents The gross proceeds to BigBear.ai from the March Exercise were approximately $33.2 million, prior to deducting estimated offering expenses. On February 27, 2024, BigBear.ai entered into the February Warrant Exercise Agreement, pursuant to which the Selling Stockholder agreed
to exercise the June 2023 Warrant. In consideration for the immediate and full exercise of the June 2023 Warrant for cash, the Selling Stockholder received the February Warrant in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. The February Warrant will become exercisable commencing at any time on or after August 28, 2024 (the “ February Exercise Date ”), with an expiration date five years after the February Exercise Date, with an
exercise price per share equal to $3.78. The gross proceeds to BigBear.ai from the February Exercise were approximately $20.6 million, prior to deducting estimated offering expenses. Pangiam Acquisition On February 29,
2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Pangiam, a leader in vision AI for the global trade, travel and digital identity industries. The combination of BigBear.ai and Pangiam creates one of the industry’s most comprehensive vision and
edge AI portfolios, combining facial recognition, image-based anomaly detection and advanced biometrics with BigBear.ai’s computer vision and predictive analytics capabilities, positioning the Company as a foundational leader in how artificial
intelligence is operationalized at the edge. Corporate Information BigBear.ai is a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc., 6811 Benjamin Franklin Drive,
Suite 200, Columbia, Maryland 21046, and our telephone number is (410) 312-0885. Our principal website address is https://bigbear.ai . Information contained in, or accessible through, our
website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part. Emerging
Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of
2012, as amended (the “ JOBS Act ”). As an emerging growth company, the Company is eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies. These include, but are not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the “ Sarbanes-Oxley Act ”),
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and the requirement to obtain
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. The Company will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026 (the last day of the fiscal year
following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of the Company’s initial public offering), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which the Company has total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of
the fiscal year in which the Company is deemed to be a “large accelerated filer,” as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”) and (iv) the date on which the Company has issued
more than $1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the prior three-year period. 2 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Issuer | BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. Shares of Common Stock offered and sold from time to time by the Selling Stockholder | Up to 14,800,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants held by the Selling Stockholder. Use of proceeds | We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock by the Selling Stockholder, except with respect to the amounts received by us upon the exercise of the Warrants to the extent the Warrants are exercised for cash. We intend to use any such proceeds from warrant exercise for general corporate purposes. We do not believe it is likely that the Selling Stockholder would elect to exercise any portion of the Warrants when our Common Stock is trading below (i) $3.78 for the February Warrant and (ii) $4.75 for the March Warrant. See “ Use of Proceeds .” Market for Common Stock | Our Common Stock is currently traded on the NYSE under the symbol “BBAI.” Risk factors | Any investment in the securities offered hereby is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth under “ Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors ” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, and as described or may be described in any subsequent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the heading “ Item 1A.Risk Factors ,” as well as in any other documents we file with the SEC that are deemed incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the “ Risk Factors ” section in the applicable prospectus supplement. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024, and as described or may be described in any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or subsequent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” as well as in any other documents we file with the SEC that are deemed
incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the “Risk Factors” section in the applicable prospectus supplement for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase our securities. Before you
invest in our securities, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference into this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. The risks and uncertainties we have described are
not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part
of your investment in the offered securities. The discussion of risks includes or refers to forward-looking statements; you should read the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on such forward-looking statements discussed elsewhere in
this prospectus. 4 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS All of the Common Stock offered by the Selling Stockholder pursuant to this prospectus will be sold by the Selling Stockholder for its own
account. We will not receive any of the proceeds from these sales except with respect to amounts received by us upon the exercise of the Warrants to the extent the Warrants are exercised for cash. We intend to use any such proceeds for general
corporate purposes. We do not believe it is likely that the Selling Stockholder would elect to exercise the Warrants when our Common
Stock is trading below (i) $3.78 for the February Warrant and (ii) $4.75 for the March Warrant. Any cash proceeds that would be received by the Company is dependent on the trading price of the Common Stock underlying the Warrants. We do not believe
that the Selling Stockholder’s failure to exercise the Warrants for cash would have a material impact on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations. The Selling Stockholder will pay any underwriting fees, discounts, selling commissions, stock transfer taxes and certain legal expenses
incurred by such Selling Stockholder in disposing of its shares of Common Stock, and we will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of the securities covered by this prospectus, including, without limitation,
all registration and filing fees, NYSE listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accountants. 5 Table of Contents SELLING STOCKHOLDER This prospectus relates to the resale by the Selling Stockholder from time to time of up to 14,800,000 shares of Common Stock held by the
Selling Stockholder, which shares are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants held by the Selling Stockholder. The Selling Stockholder
may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the Common Stock set forth below pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. When we refer to the “Selling Stockholder” in this prospectus, we mean the person
listed in the table below, and the assignees who later come to hold any of the Selling Stockholder’s interest in the Common Stock other than through a public sale. The following table sets forth, as of the date of this prospectus, the name of the Selling Stockholder, the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Selling Stockholder may offer pursuant to this prospectus and the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder after the sale
of the securities offered hereby. We have based percentage ownership on 242,628,027 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 8, 2024. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of
beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all securities that they beneficially own, subject
to community property laws where applicable. We cannot advise you as to whether the Selling Stockholder will in fact sell any or all of
such Common Stock. In addition, the Selling Stockholder may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, at any time and from time to time, the Common Stock in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act after the date of
this prospectus. For purposes of this table, we have assumed that the Selling Stockholder will have sold all of the securities covered by this prospectus upon the completion of the offering. Selling Stockholder information for each additional Selling Stockholder, if any, will be set forth by prospectus supplement to the extent
required prior to the time of any offer or sale of such Selling Stockholder’s shares pursuant to this prospectus. Any prospectus supplement may add, update, substitute, or change the information contained in this prospectus, including the
identity of each Selling Stockholder and the number of shares registered on its behalf. A Selling Stockholder may sell or otherwise transfer all, some or none of such shares in this offering. See “ Plan of Distribution .” Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | Shares Being Offered | Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering
Name of Selling Stockholder | Shares | % (1) | Shares | %
Armistice Capital, LLC (2) | 14,800,000 | 6.1 | % | 14,800,000 | — | — (1) | We have based percentage ownership assuming full exercise of the Warrants and based on 242,628,027 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 8, 2024. (2) | The Common Stock to be sold pursuant to this prospectus is issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. The securities are directly held by Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “Master Fund”), and may be deemed to be beneficially owned by: (i) Armistice Capital, LLC (“Armistice Capital”), as the investment manager of the Master Fund; and (ii) Steven Boyd, as the Managing Member of Armistice Capital. The warrants are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99%, which such limitation restricts the Selling Stockholder from exercising that portion of the warrants that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates owning, after exercise, a number of shares of common stock in excess of the beneficial ownership limitation. The address of Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. is c/o Armistice Capital, LLC, 510 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 6 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The Selling Stockholder of the securities and any of its pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the NYSE or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in
private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities: The Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of their shares of our Common Stock: • | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; • | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; • | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; • | privately negotiated transactions; • | settlement of short sales; • | in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per security; • | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; • | a combination of any such methods of sale; and • | any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Stockholder may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, if
available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholder may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholder (or, if
any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary
brokerage commission in compliance with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’s (“ FINRA ”) Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121. In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholder may enter into hedging transactions with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholder may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to
close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholder may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions
or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell
pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The Selling Stockholder and any broker-dealers or
agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any
profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or
understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. 7 Table of Contents The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to
the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholder against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We agreed to use reasonable best efforts to keep the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part effective until the date on
which all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required
under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or
qualification requirement is available and is complied with. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person
engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the Common Stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the
distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholder will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the Common Stock
by the Selling Stockholder or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholder and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale
(including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). 8 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the securities offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Kirkland & Ellis LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS The financial statements of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement
have been so incorporated by reference in reliance of the report of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The audited historical financial statements of Pangiam Ultimate Holding, LLC included as Exhibit 99.1 in BigBear.AI Holdings, Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 27, 2024 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed a registration statement on Form S-3, including exhibits, under the Securities Act, with
respect to the Common Stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. For further information pertaining to us and our securities, you
should refer to the registration statement and our exhibits or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. In addition, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available
to the public on a website maintained by the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov . We also maintain a website at https://ir.bigbear.ai . where you may access these materials free of charge. Information contained on or
accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. If you would like additional copies of this prospectus, you should contact us at the
following address and telephone number: BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 6811 Benjamin Franklin Drive, Suite 200 Columbia, Maryland 21046 (410) 312-0885 9 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus the information we file with it, which means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, and information in documents that we file later with the SEC will automatically update
and supersede information in this prospectus. We incorporate by reference into this prospectus the documents listed below and any future filings, including all filings made after the date of the filing of the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part and prior to the effectiveness of such registration statement, made by us with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, except for information “furnished” under Items 2.02, 7.01 or 9.01
on Form 8-K or other information “furnished” to the SEC, which is not deemed filed and not incorporated in this prospectus, until the termination of the offering of securities described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. We hereby incorporate by reference the following documents: • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024 (File/Film No. 001-40031 24662532), February 22, 2024 (File/Film No. 001-40031 24665014), February 27, 2024 , February 28, 2024 , March 1, 2024 , March 5, 2024 and March 27, 2024 (in each case excluding any information furnished but not filed in such reports); • | the description of our securities contained in our Registration Statement on Form 10-K , as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus will be deemed modified,
superseded or replaced for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus modifies, supersedes or replaces such statement. You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 6811
Benjamin Franklin Drive, Suite 200 Columbia, Maryland 21046 (410) 312-0885 Copies of these filings are also available, without charge, on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and on our
website at https://ir.bigbear.ai as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference
into, this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part. 10 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth an itemized statement of the amounts of all expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) payable
by us in connection with the registration of the Common Stock offered hereby. With the exception of the SEC registration fee, the amounts set forth below are estimates. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 4,379.88
Accounting fees and expenses | 30,000
Legal fees and expenses | 90,000
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | 12,000
Total | $ | 136,379.88 Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
“ DGCL ”) authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities,
including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Our charter provides that our directors shall not be
liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL, as amended. Our bylaws provide for
indemnification of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The following exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement, including those exhibits incorporated herein by reference to a prior
filing of the registrant under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act as indicated in parentheses: Exhibit | Description
4.1** | Form of New Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2024).
4.2** | Form of New Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 5, 2024).
5.1* | Opinion of Kirkland & Ellis LLP.
10.1** | Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2024, by and between BigBear.ai and the Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2024).
10.2** | Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2024, by and between BigBear.ai and the Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 5, 2024). II-1 Table of Contents 23.1* | Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
23.2* | Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants.
23.3* | Consent of Kirkland & Ellis LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1* | Power of Attorney (included on signature page).
107* | Filing Fee Table. † | The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. * | Filed herewith. ** | Previously filed. Item 17. Undertakings. The
undersigned registrant, hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. II-2 Table of Contents (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Insofar as indemnification for
liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or
paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Columbia, Maryland, on the 28th day
of March, 2024. BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC.
By: | /s/ Sean Ricker
Name: Sean Ricker
Title: Chief Accounting Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Amanda Long, Julie Peffer, Carolyn
Blankenship and Sean Ricker or any of them, severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and
in such person’s name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same with all exhibits hereto, and all other documents in connection herewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following
persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Amanda Long Amanda Long | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | March 28, 2024
/s/ Julie Peffer Julie Peffer | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) | March 28, 2024
/s/ Sean Ricker Sean Ricker | Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) | March 28, 2024
/s/ Sean Battle Sean Battle | Director | March 28, 2024
/s/ Pamela Braden Pamela Braden | Director | March 28, 2024
/s/ Peter Cannito Peter Cannito | Director, Chair of the Board | March 28, 2024
/s/ Paul Fulchino Paul Fulchino | Director | March 28, 2024 Table of Contents Name | Title | Date
/s/ Jeffrey Hart Jeffrey Hart | Director | March 28, 2024
/s/ Dorothy D. Hayes Dorothy D. Hayes | Director | March 28, 2024
/s/ Kirk Konert Kirk Konert | Director | March 28, 2024