8-K 1 a18-16090_18k.htm 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 27, 2018 AEROVIRONMENT, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-33261 | 95-2705790
(State or other jurisdiction of | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization) 800 Royal Oaks Drive, Suite 210
Monrovia, CA | 91016
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (626) 357-9983 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company o If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure On June 27, 2018, AeroVironment, Inc. (the “Company”) will host an investor and analyst event in New York City beginning at 8:30 am Eastern Time, which will include presentations from the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Wahid Nawabi, and the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Teresa Covington, and other members of the Company’s executive management team. The Company is furnishing as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K the presentation materials to be provided to and discussed with attendees at the investor and analyst event. The Company will also be hosting a live audio webcast of the investor and analyst event and the presentation to be discussed by the Company’s executive management team at http://investor.avinc.com/events-and-presentations. A replay of the webcast will also be available at http://investor.avinc.com/events-and-presentations following the completion of the presentation. The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K (including the presentation materials attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and the webcast) is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This current report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information contained herein (including the presentation materials attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and the webcast). Safe Harbor Statement Certain statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K (including the presentation materials attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and the webcast) may constitute “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made on the basis of current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors outside of our control, that may cause our business, strategy or actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, reliance on sales to the U.S. government; availability of U.S. government funding for defense procurement and R&D programs; changes in the timing and/or amount of government spending; our ability to perform under existing contracts, including the asset purchase agreement for the proposed sale of our EES business, and obtain new contracts; risks related to our international business, including compliance with export control laws; potential need for changes in our long-term strategy in response to future developments; the extensive regulatory requirements governing our contracts with the U.S. Government and international customers; the consequences to our financial position, business and reputation that could result from failing to comply with such regulatory requirements; unexpected technical and marketing difficulties inherent in major research and product development efforts; the impact of potential security and cyber threats; changes in the supply and/or demand and/or prices for our products and services; the activities of competitors and increased competition; failure of the markets in which we operate to grow; uncertainty in the customer adoption rate of commercial unmanned aircraft systems; failure to remain a market innovator and create new market opportunities; changes in significant operating expenses, including components and raw materials; failure to develop new products; product liability, infringement and other claims; changes in the regulatory environment; and general economic and business conditions in the United States and elsewhere in the world. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, see the reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits. Exhibit
Number | Description
99.1 | Informational slides provided by AeroVironment, Inc., dated June 27, 2018, relating to investor and analyst event 2 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. AEROVIRONMENT, INC.
Date: June 27, 2018 | By: | /s/ Wahid Nawabi
Wahid Nawabi
President and Chief Executive Officer 3