10-Q 1 tm2113557d1_10q.htm FORM 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (MARK ONE) x QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarter ended March 31, 2021 ¨ TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from 
 to Commission file number: 001-39757 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Cayman Islands | 98-1556965
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1601 Washington Avenue, Suite 800 Miami Beach | 33139
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (305) 695-5500 (Issuer’s telephone number, including area
code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | SPFR.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the units | SPFR | New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | SPFR WS | New York Stock Exchange Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and
 “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As of May 24, 2021, there were 34,500,000
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value and 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31,
2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2021 (unaudited) and December 31, 2020 | 1
Unaudited Condensed Statement of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 | 2
Unaudited Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Equity for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 | 3
Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 | 4
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 16
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk | 21
Item 4. | Control and Procedures | 21
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION | 21
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 21
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 21
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 22
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 22
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 22
Item 5. | Other Information | 22
Item 6. | Exhibits | 22
SIGNATURES | 23 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, | December 31,
2021 | 2020
(Unaudited) | (Audited)
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 1,265,715 | $ | 1,667,600
Prepaid expenses | 526,850 | 727,217
Total Current Assets | 1,792,565 | 2,394,817
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 345,004,700 | 345,000,000
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 346,797,265 | $ | 347,394,817
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 1,213,702 | $ | 96,590
Accrued offering costs | 330,000 | 340,282
Promissory note — related party | - | 267,768
Total Current Liabilities | 1,543,702 | 704,640
Warrant liabilities | 25,627,000 | 43,147,500
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 12,075,000 | 12,075,000
Total Liabilities | 39,245,702 | 55,927,140
Commitments and Contingencies
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 30,255,156 and 28,646,767 shares at $10.00 per share as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively | 302,551,560 | 286,467,670
Shareholders’ Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding | — | —
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 4,244,844 and 5,853,233 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 30,255,156 and 28,646,767 shares subject to possible redemption) at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively | 424 | 585
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 8,625,000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | 863 | 863
Additional paid-in capital | (9,317,719 | ) | 6,766,010
Accumulated deficit | 14,316,435 | (1,767,451 | )
Total Shareholders’ Equity | 5,000,003 | 5,000,007
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 346,797,265 | $ | 347,394,817 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Formation and operating costs | $ | 1,441,314
Loss from operations | (1,441,314 | )
Other income:
Change in fair value of warrant liabilities | 17,520,500
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 4,700
Net Income | $ | 16,083,886
Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares | 34,500,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A | $ | 0.00
Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares | 8,625,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B | $ | (1.86 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Class A Ordinary Shares | Class B Ordinary Shares | Additional Paid in | Accumulated | Total Shareholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance — January 1, 2021 | 5,853,233 | $ | 585 | 8,625,000 | $ | 863 | $ | 6,766,010 | $ | (1,767,451 | ) | $ | 5,000,007
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (1,608,389 | ) | (161 | ) | — | — | (16,083,729 | ) | — | (16,083,890 | )
Net income | — | — | — | — | — | 16,083,886 | 16,083,886
Balance — March 31, 2021 | 4,244,844 | $ | 424 | 8,625,000 | $ | 863 | $ | (9,317,719 | ) | $ | 14,316,435 | $ | 5,000,003 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income | $ | 16,083,886
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
Change in fair value of warrant liability | (17,520,500 | )
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (4,700 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | 200,367
Accrued expenses | 1,117,112
Accrued offering costs | (10,282 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (134,117 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (267,768 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | (267,768 | )
Net Change in Cash | (401,885 | )
Cash – Beginning of period | 1,667,600
Cash – End of period | $ | 1,265,715
Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 286,646,240
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 15,905,320 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 1 — DESCRIPTION OF
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Jaws Spitfire Acquisition
Corporation (formerly known as Spitfire Acquisition Corporation) (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated as
a Cayman Islands exempted company on September 11, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a
 “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited
to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of March 31, 2021,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from September 11, 2020 (inception) through March 31,
2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which
is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the
earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public
Offering. As of March 31,
2021, the Company had cash of $1,265,715 held outside of the Trust Account. The Company incurred net income for the three months
ended March 31, 2021 of $16,083,886 and cash used in operating activities of $134,117. The Company does not believe it will need to
raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating the business through the consummation of a business
combination. However, if the Company’s estimate of future costs are less than the actual amount necessary, the Company may
have insufficient funds available to operate prior to the business combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete the initial business combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of
public shares upon consummation of the Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with the Business Combination. The registration statement
for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 2, 2020. On December 7, 2020, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 34,500,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of 4,500,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $345,000,000 which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 4,450,000 warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”)
at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Spitfire Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), generating
gross proceeds of $8,900,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted
to $19,126,250, consisting of $6,900,000 of underwriting fees, $12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $151,250 of other offering
costs, net of $450,000 reimbursed from the underwriters. Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on December 7, 2020, an amount of $345,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust
Account”), and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund investing
solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account
to the Company’s shareholders, as described below. The Company’s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses
or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will
be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide
the holders of the public shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public
shares upon the completion of the Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their Public Shares, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share), including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to certain limitations
as described in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters
(as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s
warrants. 5 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) The Company will proceed
with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval,
it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company
does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public
Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares,
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting
in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares without
the Company’s prior written consent. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to
waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify
the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to provide holders of Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Company’s public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by December 7, 2022 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’
rights, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such
amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. The Company will have until
December 7, 2022 to consummate a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). However, if the Company has not completed
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Public Shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and
dissolve, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s
warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed to
waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will receive if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire
Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting
commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund
the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining
available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of
the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of
the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 6 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8
of Regulation S-X of the SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally
included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a complete
presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of
the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s most recent amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
for the year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021. The interim results for the three months ended March 31,
2021 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the period ending December 31, 2021 or for any future periods. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these financial statements is the determination of the fair value of the
warrant liability. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Investments Held in Trust Account The Company's portfolio
of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government
securities. The Company's investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are
presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair
value of these securities is included in interest earned on Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account in the
accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using
available market information. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for
its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified
as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at March 31, 2021,
there are 30,255,156 7 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company had no cash equivalents as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Offering Costs Offering costs consist of
legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that are directly related to the Initial
Public Offering. Offering costs were allocated on a relative fair value basis between shareholders’ equity and expense. The portion
of offering costs allocated to the public warrants has been charged to expense in the prior year. Warrant
Liabilities As disclosed in Note 3, pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 34,500,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”), equating to 8,625,000 Public Warrants issued.
Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 8). Simultaneously with the closing of its initial public offering, the Company consummated the sale of 4,450,000 warrants (“Private
Placement Warrant”) at a price of $2.00 per warrant in a private placement to Jaws Sponsor LLC. Each Private Placement Warrant is
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The Public Warrants will
become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that so long as the Private Placement
Warrants are held by the Sponsor or any of its Permitted Transferees, the Private Placement Warrants: (i) may be exercised for cash
or on a “cashless basis”, (ii) may not be transferred, assigned or sold until thirty (30) days after the completion by
the Company of an initial Business Combination, (iii) shall not be redeemable by the Company when the class A ordinary shares equal
or exceeds $18.00, and (iv) shall only be redeemable by the Company when the class A ordinary shares are less than $18.00 per share,
subject to certain adjustments (see Note 8). The Company evaluated the
Public and Private Placement Warrants and concluded that they do not meet the criteria to be classified as shareholders’ equity
in accordance with ASC 815-40 “Derivatives and Hedging–Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity”. Specifically, the warrant
agreement allows for the exercise of the Public and Private Placement Warrants to be settled in cash upon a tender offer where the maker
of the offer owns beneficially more than 50% of the Class A shares following the tender offer. This provision precludes the warrants
from being classified as shareholders’ equity as not all of the Company’s shareholders need to participate in such a tender
offer to trigger the potential cash settlement. As the Public and Private Placement Warrants also meet the definition of a derivative
under ASC 815, upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recorded these warrants as liabilities on its balance sheet,
with subsequent changes in their respective fair values recognized in the statement of operations at each reporting date. Income Taxes The Company accounts for
income taxes under ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes,” which prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits
to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s
management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were
no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered
to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes
or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s tax provision was zero for
the period presented. Net Income Per Ordinary
Share Net income per share is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The calculation of
diluted income per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public
Offering, (ii) the exercise of the over-allotment option and (iii) Private Placement Warrants since the exercise of the
warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The warrants
are exercisable to purchase 13,075,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. The Company’s statements
of operations includes a presentation of income per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar
to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted, for Class A redeemable ordinary shares
is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable ordinary
shares outstanding since original issuance. Net income per share, basic and diluted, for Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares is
calculated by dividing the net income, adjusted for income attributable to Class A redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted average
number of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares includes
the Founder Shares as these shares do not have any redemption features and do not participate in the income earned on the Trust Account. 8 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) The following table reflects
the calculation of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): Three Months Ended March 31, 2021
Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 4,700
Net Earnings | $ | 4,700
Denominator: Weighted Average Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares
Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares, Basic and Diluted | 34,500,000
Earnings/Basic and Diluted Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares
Numerator: Net Loss minus Redeemable Net Earnings
Net Income | $ | 16,083,886
Redeemable Net Earnings | (4,700)
Non-Redeemable Net Income | $ | 16,079,186
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares
Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares, Basic and Diluted | 8,625,000
Loss/Basic and Diluted Non-Redeemable Class B Ordinary Shares | $ | 1.86 Note: As of March 31, 2021, basic and diluted
shares are the same as there are no non-redeemable securities that are dilutive to the shareholders. 9 Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times,
may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s warrant liabilities does not approximate their carrying amount, and as such, the warrant liabilities
are recorded at fair value on the Company’s balance sheet. The fair value of the Company’s assets and other liabilities, which
qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented
in the Company’s balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (the "ASU") No. 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options
(Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible
Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation
models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to
qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company
early adopted the ASU on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently
adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed financial statements. NOTE 3 — INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public
Offering, the Company sold 34,500,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of 4,500,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth
of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share (see Note 7). NOTE 4 — PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,450,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $2.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $8,900,000, in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
$11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 10 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 5 — RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On September 14, 2020,
the Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary
shares (the “Founder Shares”). On December 2, 2020, the Company effected a share dividend, resulting in 8,625,000 Founder
Shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend. The Founder Shares
include an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company’s
issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On December 7, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the
over-allotment option, thus these shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earliest of: (A) one year after the completion
of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Private Placement Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased 4,450,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an
aggregate purchase price of $8,900,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on December 7, 2020, through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation, to pay
an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services. For the three months ended
March 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid $30,000 in fees for these services. Promissory Note — Related
Party On September 14, 2020,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the “Promissory Note”) to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31,
2020 or (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 there were $0 and
$267,768 under the Promissory Note, respectively, which was repaid in full during the three months ended March 31, 2021. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to
the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a
Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms
of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working
Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of
$2.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 11 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 6 — COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate
the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, its results of operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Registration and Shareholders Rights Pursuant to a registration
and shareholders rights agreement entered into on December 2, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants
and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the
registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were paid
a cash underwriting discount of $0.20 per Public Share, or approximately $6.9 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $12,075,000 in the aggregate. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Business Combination Agreement On March 22, 2021 (the
 “Effective Date”), the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among the Company, JAWS Spitfire Merger Sub, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (“JAWS Merger Sub”), and Velo 3D , Inc. (“Velo 3D ”). The Business Combination
Agreement provides for, among other things, the consummation of the following transactions (collectively, the “Business Combination”)
(i) the Company will become a Delaware corporation (the “Domestication”) and, in connection with the Domestication, (A) the
Company’s name will be changed to “Velo 3D , Inc.,” (B) each outstanding Class A ordinary share
of the Company and each outstanding Class b ordinary share of the Company will become one share of common stock of the Company (the
 “JAWS Common Stock”), and (C) each outstanding warrant of the Company will become one warrant to purchase one share of
JAWS Common Stock, and (ii) following the Domestication, JAWS Merger Sub will merge with and into Velo 3D , with Velo 3D as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Business Combination
will be consummated subject to the deliverables and provisions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement. 12 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 7 — SHAREHOLDER’S
EQUITY Preference Shares— The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At March 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary
Shares— The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there
were 4,244,844 and 5,853,233 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 30,255,156 and 28,646,767 Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. Class B Ordinary
Shares— The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020,
there were 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders,
except that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the
appointment of directors, and except as required by law. The Class B ordinary
shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination at a ratio such that the
number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a
Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A
ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued
to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B
ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. NOTE 8 — WARRANT LIABILITIES Warrants— Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) one
year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then
effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration,
or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis and the Company
will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable
upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of
the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become
effective within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified
in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on
a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, the Company will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of
a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 13 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Redemptions of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may
call the warrants for redemption (except as described with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per warrant; • | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and • | if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The Company will not redeem
the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares
is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise
its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. Redemption of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may
redeem the outstanding warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares; • | if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per public share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and • | if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. The exercise price and number
of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a
share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below,
the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is has not completed a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside
of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the
date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates
its Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share
redemption trigger price and the “Redemption of Warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00”
described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under “Redemption of Warrants when
the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In the event that a tender
or exchange offer is made to and accepted by holder of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of a single class of common stock, all
holders of the warrants would be entitled to receive cash for their warrants whereas only certain of the holders of the underlying shares
of common stock would be entitled to cash. If the maker of the offer owns beneficially more than 50% of the issued and outstanding Class A
shares following the offer, then the warrant holders may receive the highest amount of cash/securities/assets than each holder would have
been entitled to as a shareholder if the holder exercised the warrant prior to the offer. 14 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the
Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above under “Redemption
of Warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00,”so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. NOTE 9 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The fair value of the Company’s
financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the
use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following is a description
of the valuation methodology used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value: US Treasury Securities: The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC Topic 320 “Investments
- Debt and Equity Securities.” Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to
hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted
for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. At March 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of $345,004,700 and $345,000,000 in mutual funds which trade in
U.S. Treasury securities. During the period ended March 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the
Trust Account. Warrant Liabilities: The Company classifies its Public and Private Placement Warrants as liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 815 “Derivatives and
Hedging–Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity”. The Company’s valuation of the warrant liabilities utilized a Binomial
Lattice in a risk-neutral framework (a special case of the Income Approach). The fair value of the Public Warrants utilized Level 1 inputs
as they are traded on an active market. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants utilized Level 3 inputs as it is based on the
significant inputs not observable in the market as of March 31, 2021. As of both March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 there were 8,625,000 Public
Warrants and 4,450,000 Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The fair value of warrant liabilities at March 31, 2021 is as follows: Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2021 Using:
Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Liabilities:
Public Warrants | $ | 16,905,000 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 16,905,000
Private Placement Warrants | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 8,722,000 | $ | 8,722,000 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2020 Using:
Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Liabilities:
Public Warrant liabilities | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 28,462,500 | $ | 28,462,500
Private Placement Warrant Liabilities | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 14,685,000 | $ | 14,685,000 The following table provides quantitative information
regarding the Level 3 inputs used for the fair value measurements: As of March 31, 2021 | As of December 31, 2020
Exercise Price | $ | 11.50 | $ | 11.50
Stock Price | $ | 10.25 | $ | 10.00
Term (years) | 5.17 | 5.0
Volatility | 26.6 | % | 82.9 | %
Risk free interest rate | 0.96 | % | 0.42 | %
Dividend yield | 0.0 | % | 0.0 | %
Public and private warrant price | $ | 1.96 | $ | 3.30 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants
transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement in January 2021, when the Public Warrants were separately listed
and traded. 15 JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) The following table provides a roll-forward of the fair value of the Company’s Public and Private Placement Warrant liabilities,
for which the fair value was determined using Level 1 and 3 inputs, respectively: Warrant Liabilities
Fair value at December 31, 2020 | $ | 43,147,500
Change in fair value of warrant liabilities | (17,520,500 | )
Fair value at March 31, 2021 | $ | 25,627,000 The change in fair value of $17,520,500 was recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2021 and is included in the change in fair
value of warrant liabilities caption within the accompanying statement of operations. NOTE 10 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the unaudited condensed balance sheet date up to the date unaudited condensed financial statements
were available to be issued. The Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in
the unaudited condensed financial statements. ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References in this report
(the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to Jaws Spitfire Acquisition
Corporation. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and
references to the “Sponsor” refer to Spitfire Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes
 “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included
in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
 “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management’s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section
of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention
or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on September 11, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities that have not yet selected. While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector, or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries
that complement our management’s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business.
We may pursue a transaction in which our shareholders immediately, prior to completion of our initial business combination, would collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash
from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and
debt. The issuance of additional shares in a business combination: · | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; · | may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; · | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; · | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; · | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and · | may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: · | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; · | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 16 · | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; · | our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; · | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; · | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; · | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and · | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. Results of Operations Our entire activity from September 11, 2020
(inception) through March 31, 2021, was in preparation for an initial public offering, and since our initial public offering, our
activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until
after completion of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the three months ended March 31, 2021,
we had net income of $16,083,886, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of $1,441,314 and a decrease in the fair value
of warrant liabilities of $17,520,500. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of
our initial public offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Class B ordinary shares by our Sponsor and loans
from our Sponsor. On December 7, 2020,
we consummated our initial public offering of 34,500,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of 4,500,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $345,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 4,450,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor
at a price of $2.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $8,900,000. Following our initial public offering, the exercise of the over-allotment
option and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of $690,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $19,126,250
in transaction costs, including $6,900,000 of underwriting fees (including an aggregate amount of $450,000 reimbursed by the underwriters
for application towards our offering expenses), $12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $151,250 of other offering costs in connection
with the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. For the three months ended March 31, 2021,
net cash used in operating activities was $134,117. Net income of $16,083,886 was impacted by a decrease in the fair value of warrant
liabilities of $17,520,500 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $4,700 Changes in operating assets
and liabilities provided $1,307,197 of cash from operating activities. As of March 31, 2021, we had investments held in the
Trust Account of $345,004,700. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable
and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay
taxes, if any. Our annual tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust
account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our taxes. To the
extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. At March 31, 2021, we had cash of $1,265,715 held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from
the offices, properties or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we will have available to us the $1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as certain
funds from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team. We will use these funds to primarily identify and
evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or
similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 17 We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to
our initial business combination, other than funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management
team. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial
business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would
be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at
a price of $2.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms
of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management
team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access
to funds in our trust account. Moreover, we may need to
obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available
from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion
of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Related Party Transactions Class B Ordinary Shares On
September 14, 2020, the Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 7,187,500
Class B ordinary shares (the “ Founder Shares ” ).
On December 2, 2020, the Company effected a share dividend, resulting in 8,625,000 Founder Shares outstanding. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares
that are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters ’ over-allotment
option is exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company ’ s
issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On December 7, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment
option, thus these shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earliest of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination
and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y)
the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the
Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased 4,450,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an
aggregate purchase price of $8,900,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 18 Related Party Loans The
sponsor had agreed to loan us up to $300,000 (the “ Promissory Note ” )
to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due on
the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. JAWS Spitfire had borrowed $267,768 under the Promissory
Note, which was fully repaid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 7, 2020. In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of the Company ’ s officers and directors may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required ( “ Working
Capital Loans ” ). If we complete a business combination, we would
repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in
the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Business Combination Agreement does not permit Working
Capital Loans to convert into warrants. Except as set forth above, to date, the terms of the Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Administrative Services Fee We agreed, commencing on the effective date of
the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of our consummation of a business combination or our liquidation, to pay an affiliate
of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services. For the three months ended March 31,
2021, we incurred and paid $30,000 in fees for these services. Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights
agreement entered into on December 2, 2020, the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may
be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement
warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights. The holders of
these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of the Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any
registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Deferred Underwriting Fees The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 2.00% of the gross proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering, or $6,900,000, net of the $450,000 reimbursed by the underwriters to us for expenses incurred in connection with
the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per unit, or $12,075,000 in the aggregate. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business
combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of March 31, 2021,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have
any commitments or contractual obligations. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Derivative Warrant Liabilities We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC
815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity,
is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. We
issued 8,625,000 public warrants to investors in our initial public offering and issued 4,450,000 private placement warrants. All of our
outstanding warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC
815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each
reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value
is recognized in our statement of operations. The Company's valuation of the warrant liabilities utilized a Binomial Lattice in a risk-neutral
framework (a special case of the Income Approach). The fair value of the private placement warrants utilized Level 3 inputs as it is based
on the significant inputs not observable in the market as of March 31, 2021. The public warrants used Level 1 inputs as they were actively
traded as of March 31, 2021. 19 Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( “ ASC ” )
Topic 480 “ Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. ” Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption
rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders ’ equity.
Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders ’ equity section of our condensed balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We
apply the two-class method in
calculating earnings per share. Net income per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class A
redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account by the weighted average number of
Class A redeemable ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance.
Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares
is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), less income attributable to Class A
redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares
outstanding for the periods presented. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standard
Update (the "ASU") No. 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts
in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity,
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and
it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company early adopted the ASU on January 1, 2021.
Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Recent
Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently
adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed financial statements. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of
the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative support services provided to the
Company. We began incurring these fees on December 7, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the
completion of a Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation. The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $12,075,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. Pursuant to a registration
and shareholders rights agreement entered into on December 2, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants
and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the registration
and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lockup period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
registration statements. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the
JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may
not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required
of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any
requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation
to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public
offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. 20 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK As of March 31, 2021,
we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds
of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in certain U.S. government obligations with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of
these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES On April 12, 2021, the staff at the SEC issued
a statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (“SPACs”)
(the “SEC Statement”). In the SEC Statement, the SEC staff noted that certain provisions in the typical SPAC warrant agreement
may require that the warrants be classified as a liability measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported each period in
earnings, as compared to the historical treatment of the warrants as equity, which has been the practice of most SPACs, including us.
We had previously classified our Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants as equity (for a full description of our private placement
warrants and public warrants, refer to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250151), filed in connection with the Company’s
initial public offering, declared effective by the SEC on December 2, 2020). After considering the SEC Statement, we concluded
that there were misstatements in the financial statements and related disclosures as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. Based
on the guidance in ASC 815-40, “Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity”, we concluded that
provisions in the warrant agreement preclude the warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the warrants meet the definition
of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the warrants should have been recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheet and
measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement”, with
changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations in the period of change. Further, ASC 815 requires that upfront costs
and fees related to items for which the fair value option is elected (our warrant liabilities) should have been recognized as expense
as incurred. On May 12, 2021, we revised our prior position
on accounting for our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. We restated our financial statements to reclassify the Company’s
Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, as described in the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. The non-cash adjustments
to the financial statements did not impact the previously reported amounts for cash and cash equivalents, total assets, revenue, total
shareholders’ equity, or cash flows. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In connection with the restatement of our financial
statements to reclassify the Company’s Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, our management reassessed the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020. As a result of that reassessment and in light of the SEC Statement,
our management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020 were not effective solely as a result of
its classification of the warrants as components of equity instead of as derivative liabilities. Due solely to the events that led to
our restatement, management has made changes in internal controls related to the accounting for warrants issued in connection with our
initial public offering. In light of the material weakness that we identified, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to
ensure that our financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2021, were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q present
fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting, as the circumstances that led to the restatement of our previously filed financial statements described above had not yet been
identified. In light of the restatement of the previously filed financial statements, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and
appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials
and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Except as set forth below,
as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
may also impair our business or results of operations. The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the
Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market
Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States.
In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus
any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that
may be received by public shareholders. 21 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS. On December 7, 2020,
we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 34,500,000 Units, inclusive of 4,500,000 Units sold to the underwriters upon the underwriters’
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $345,000,000.
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as sole book-running manager. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities
Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-250151 and 333-251085). The registration statements became effective on
December 2, 2020. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering and the full exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated a private placement of 4,450,000 Private
Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $8,900,000. Such securities
were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants
are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds received
from the Initial Public Offering including the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, $345,000,000 was
placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of $6,900,000
in underwriting discounts and commissions and $151,250 for other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering, net of $450,000
of costs reimbursed by the underwriters. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer $12,075,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. For a description of the
use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith.
** | Furnished. 22 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. JAWS SPITFIRE ACQUISITION CORPORATION
Date: May 24, 2021 | /s/ Matthew Walters
Name: | Matthew Walters
Title: | Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Date: May 24, 2021 | /s/ Michael Racich
Name: | Michael Racich
Title: | Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 23