DEF 14A 1 c95460_def14a.htm 3B2 EDGAR HTML -- c95460_def14a.htm SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant x
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o
Check the appropriate box:
o | Preliminary Proxy Statement
o | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
x | Definitive Proxy Statement
o | Definitive Additional Materials
o | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
x | No fee required.
o | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Dear Valued Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the annual
meeting of stockholders of Curtiss-Wright Corporation to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2020, at the Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125
Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at 1:00 p.m. local time. We are actively monitoring the public health
and travel safety concerns relating to the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the advisories or mandates that federal, state, and local
governments, and related agencies, may issue. In the event it is not possible or advisable to hold our annual meeting of stockholders
as currently planned, we will announce the decision to do so via a press release and posting details on our website that will also
be filed with the SEC as proxy material. If you are planning to attend our annual meeting of stockholders, please check our website
the week of the meeting. As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the annual meeting of stockholders. The Notice of Annual Meeting and the Proxy
Statement, which follow this letter, provide information concerning matters to be considered and acted upon at the annual meeting.
We will present a brief report on our business followed by a question and answer period at the annual meeting. In accordance with rules adopted by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, we are using the internet as our primary means of furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders.
Accordingly, most stockholders will not receive paper copies of our proxy materials. We will instead send our stockholders a notice
with instructions for accessing the proxy materials and voting electronically over the internet or by telephone. The notice also
provides information on how stockholders may request paper copies of our proxy materials. We believe electronic delivery of our
proxy materials will help us reduce the environmental impact and costs of printing and distributing paper copies and improve the
speed and efficiency by which our stockholders can access these materials. We know that many of you are unable to attend
the annual meeting in person. The proxies that we solicit give you the opportunity to vote on all scheduled matters that come before
the annual meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, you can be sure that your shares are represented by promptly voting and
submitting your proxy by phone or by internet as described in the following materials. If you want proxy materials mailed to you,
you can make a request by completing, signing, dating, and returning your proxy card enclosed with those materials in the postage-paid
envelope provided to you. On behalf of your Board of Directors, management,
and our employees, I would like to express our appreciation for your continued support. Sincerely,
David C. Adams
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CURTISS-WRIGHT
CORPORATION 130 Harbour
Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036 NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To the holders of the common stock of Curtiss-Wright Corporation: Notice is hereby given that the annual meeting
of stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Curtiss-Wright Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”),
will be held on Thursday, May 7, 2020, at the Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036,
commencing at 1:00 p.m. local time, for the following purposes: (1) | To elect nine Directors;
(2) | To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2020;
(3) | To approve on an advisory (non-binding) basis the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers; and
(4) | To consider and transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Only record holders of the Company’s
common stock at the close of business on March 10, 2020, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are entitled to notice of and
to vote at the Annual Meeting. A list of stockholders will be available for examination by any stockholder(s) at the Annual Meeting
and during normal business hours at the offices of the Company, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, during
the ten days preceding the Annual Meeting date. The Company cordially invites all stockholders
to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Stockholders who plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person are nevertheless requested
to vote their shares electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or if you receive a proxy card in the mail, by mailing the
completed proxy card to make certain that their vote will be represented at the Annual Meeting should they be prevented unexpectedly
from attending. By Order of the Board of Directors,
March 24, 2020 | Paul J. Ferdenzi
Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel We are actively monitoring the public
health and travel safety concerns relating to the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the advisories or mandates that federal, state, and
local governments, and related agencies, may issue. In the event it is not possible or advisable to hold our annual meeting of
stockholders as currently planned, we will announce the decision to do so via a press release and posting details on our website
that will also be filed with the SEC as proxy material. If you are planning to attend our annual meeting of stockholders, please
check our website the week of the meeting. As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the annual meeting of stockholders. IMPORTANT: WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN
TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE PROMPTLY SUBMIT YOUR PROXY ELECTRONICALLY OVER THE INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE, OR IF YOU RECEIVE
A PAPER PROXY CARD, PLEASE FILL IN, SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE Important Notice
Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on Thursday, May 7, 2020 . A Notice and
Proxy Statement and combined Business Review/2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K to security holders are available at: www.proxyvote.com. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY | 1
Voting Matters and Vote Recommendation | 1
Director Nominees | 2
Corporate Governance Highlights | 2
2019 Financial Performance Highlights | 2
Executive Compensation Practices Highlights | 3
Corporate Sustainability | 3
PROXY STATEMENT | 6
Purpose | 6
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials | 6
Information Concerning the Annual Meeting | 6
PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 9
General Information | 9
Information Regarding Nominees | 10
Directorships at Public Companies | 14
Family Relationships | 15
Certain Legal Proceedings | 15
STRUCTURE AND PRACTICES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS | 15
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Compliance | 15
Meetings of the Board | 15
Communications with the Board | 16
Director Independence | 16
Code of Conduct | 17
Board Committees | 17
Board and Board Committees Self-Evaluation Process | 19
Board Leadership Structure | 20
Board Role in Risk Oversight | 20
Succession Planning | 22
Director Onboarding and Education | 22
Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations for Director | 23
Stockholder Engagement | 25
Audit Committee Report | 26
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | 28
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT | 45
RISK CONSIDERATION IN THE OVERALL COMPENSATION PROGRAM FOR 2019 | 45
PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE RULE | 47
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 48
COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS | 55
DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS | 56
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS | 56
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION | 57
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 58
PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM | 59
PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY’S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS | 61
HOUSEHOLDING OF ANNUAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS | 62
DEADLINE FOR RECEIPT OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2021 ANNUAL MEETING | 63
2019 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K | 63
OTHER MATTERS WHICH MAY BE PRESENTED FOR ACTION AT THE MEETING | 64 PROXY
SUMMARY The following is a summary that highlights
information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider,
and before voting, you are urged to carefully read the entire Proxy Statement. Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations The Company currently expects to
consider three items of business at the 2020 Annual Meeting. The following table lists those items of business and the Board
of Directors vote recommendation. Proposal | Board Recommendation | Reasons for Recommendation | More Information
(1) | Election of nine directors to a one-year term | FOR | The Board and the Committee on Directors and Governance believe the nominees possess the skills, experience and qualifications to effectively monitor performance, provide oversight and support management’s execution of the Company’s long-term strategy. | Page 9
(2) | Ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm | FOR | Based on their assessment, the Board and the Audit Committee believes that the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. | Page 59
(3) | Advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the named executive officers | FOR | The Company’s executive compensation program incorporates a number of compensation governance best practices and reflects the Company’s commitment to pay for performance. | Page 61 Director Nominees Set forth below is summary information concerning
the Company’s director nominees who are being voted on at the Annual Meeting. Name | Age | Director Since | Principal Occupation | Independent
David C. Adams | 66 | 2013 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Curtiss-Wright Corporation | No
Dean M. Flatt | 69 | 2012 | Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Honeywell International’s Defense and Space business | Yes
S. Marce Fuller | 59 | 2000 | Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Mirant Corporation | Yes
Bruce D. Hoechner | 60 | 2017 | President and Chief Executive Officer, Rogers Corporation | Yes
Glenda J. Minor | 63 | 2019 | Chief Executive Officer and Principal of Silket Advisory Services | Yes
Admiral (Ret.) John B. Nathman | 71 | 2008 | Retired Commander of U.S. Fleet Forces Command; Former Vice Chief of Naval Operations | Yes
Robert J. Rivet | 66 | 2011 | Former Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Administrative Officer, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. | Yes
Albert E. Smith | 70 | 2006 | Former Chairman, Tetra Tech, Inc.; Former Executive Vice President of Lockheed Martin Corporation | Yes
Peter C. Wallace | 65 | 2016 | Former Chief Executive Officer, Gardner Denver Inc. | Yes Corporate Governance Highlights As part of the Company’s commitment
to high ethical standards, the Board has adopted best practices in corporate governance, including the following: • | Annual election of all directors
• | 8 out of 9 director nominees are independent
• | 100% independent board committees
• | Regular executive sessions of non-management directors
• | Annual board and committee evaluations
• | Robust stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers • | Comprehensive Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Principles
• | Strong pay-for-performance philosophy
• | Board participation in executive succession planning
• | Lead independent director
• | Anti-hedging and pledging policy
• | Robust risk oversight with board and committee roles 2019 Financial Performance Highlights In 2019, the Company met or exceeded its financial
objectives, delivering solid operational performance while continuing to position the Company for long-term stockholder value creation.
The Company’s three-year total shareholder return (TSR) ranked seventh among the Company’s peer group. TSR is the change
in the Company’s common stock share price plus dividends from the beginning of the measurement period to the end (three years,
1/1/2017 to 12/31/2019). Highlights of the Company’s 2019 performance include: 2 • | Operating income increased 8.0%.
• | Operating margin increased to 16.2%.
• | Working capital as a percentage of sales increased slightly to 20.0%. Executive Compensation Practices
Highlights The Executive Compensation Committee is firmly
committed to implementing a compensation program that aligns management and stockholder interests, encourages executives to drive
sustainable stockholder value creation, and helps retain key personnel. In 2019, the Company received more than 97% stockholder
support for the Company’s “Say-on-Pay” vote, which the Executive Compensation Committee considers to be among
the most important items of feedback about the Company’s executive compensation program. The Company recognizes and rewards
its executive officers through compensation arrangements that directly link their pay to the Company’s performance, and the
Company ensures a strong alignment of interests with its stockholders by including a significant amount of performance based compensation
in the overall mix of pay. The Company’s pay mix includes base salary, an annual incentive cash bonus plan, and a long-term
incentive plan under which the Company grants time-based restricted stock units and performance-based cash and stock units. Key
elements of the Company’s pay practices are as follows: What Curtiss-Wright Does | What Curtiss-Wright Doesn’t Do
• | Aligns pay and performance using measures of financial and operating performance including use of relative TSR | • | No NEO employment agreements
• | Does not engage in executive compensation practices that encourage excessive risk
• | Balances short-term and long-term incentives using multiple performance measures that focus on profitable top line growth | • | No short sales, hedging, or pledging of Curtiss-Wright stock
• | No reloading, re-pricing or backdating stock options
• | Places maximum caps on incentive payout consistent with market competitive practice | • | No tax gross-ups on change-in-control benefits for executives hired after January 2008
• | Establishes rigorous stock ownerships guidelines for NEOs and Board members including a 50% mandatory hold on net shares until ownership guidelines are met for NEOs | • | No dividends on unvested or unearned performance units/shares
• | No excessive perquisites
• | Includes a claw back policy on all incentive compensation | • | No excessive severance and/or change in control provisions
• | Uses an independent external compensation consultant to review and advise on executive compensation
• | Uses double trigger Change in Control Agreements for equity vesting under the Corporation’s Long Term Incentive Plan Corporate Sustainability The Company believes that a commitment to
positive environmental, social and governance-related business practices strengthens its businesses, increases the Company’s
connection with its stockholders, and helps the Company better serve its customers and the communities in which the Company operates.
The Company’s commitment to social responsibility extends to the environment, trade compliance, responsible sourcing, human
rights, labor practices and our employees’ health and safety. The Company also sees in these commitments additional ways
of creating value for the Company’s stockholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders. The Company demonstrates its
commitments through its corporate social responsibility program (“CSR”). The CSR program 3 outlines the Company’s commitments, guidelines, and policies,
which governs the Company’s behavior and its business practices. The CSR program consists of three inter-related
activity areas that are mutually supportive of each other: Business Practice | We conduct business in an environmentally conscious, socially responsible and ethical manner while protecting the health and safety of the Company’s workers and community.
• | We comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
• | At the corporate level, we track total recordable rate (TRR) and days away, restriction and transfer rate (DART) for all sites worldwide. Our TRR and DART rates for 2019 were 0.99 and 0.64, respectively.
• | We encourage environmental and safety certifications for our manufacturing facilities. There are seven sites across Curtiss-Wright that are ISO 14001 certified; three of these sites are also OHSAS 18001 certified.
• | We protect the environment by conserving energy and water, minimizing waste and emissions, and promoting recycling and renewable energy to reduce adverse environmental impacts. We partner with a third party environmental services and waste management provider for many of our U.S. sites and will continue to expand this relationship where and when appropriate.
• | We are preparing to launch a company-wide EHS Management System to drive consistency across the Company of identifying and controlling hazards, complying with regulatory requirements, and improving performance.
• | We utilize safe technologies, training programs, effective risk management practices, and sound science in our operations to minimize risk to employees.
We believe a diverse and inclusive workforce creates a richer culture, enhances performance, and attracts the best talent.
• | We build a culture of inclusion with a focus on leadership, eliminating systemic barriers and fostering engagement. We partner with a third party employment engagement survey provider to survey our world-wide employees concerning our work environments.
• | We promote ongoing career development for employees to encourage innovation and engagement through constructive reviews and various talent/leadership development initiatives. 4 Community Involvement | We promote the well-being of the communities in which the Company’s employees work and live.
• | We encourage employee involvement through charitable donations and volunteer programs.
• | We support charitable donations and investment in education via company-sponsored scholarships for dependent children of employees. Direct reports to the CEO are excluded from this program.
Governance | We maintain the highest ethical standards in interactions with employees, customers, suppliers, competitors, and the general public.
• | Our Code of Conduct includes several important provisions on human rights, including prohibitions on the use of child labor or forced, bonded or indentured labor in our operations, as well as compliance with all applicable laws, including environmental.
• | We are committed to responsible sourcing of materials for our products by not directly purchasing conflict minerals and not having direct relationships with mines or smelters that process these minerals.
• | We maintain a strict supplier code of conduct that sets expectations about supplier behavior.
• | We conduct global workforce training programs on ethics and anti-bribery/trade compliance and we offer a 24/7 anonymous ethics hotline.
• | We conduct EH&S and financial audits of our facilities worldwide to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures. In support of the
CSR, the Company maintains the following policies aimed at protecting the environment, health and safety, ethics and compliance
with laws, respect for human rights, and supply chain management, all of which are available within the Corporate Governance section
of the Company’s website at www.curtisswright.com or by sending a request in writing to the Corporate Secretary,
Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036: • | Corporate Social Responsibility
• | Code of Conduct
• | Code of Conduct - Suppliers and Customers
• | Conflict Minerals Policy Statement
• | California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
• | Environmental, Health and Safety Policy
• | Human Trafficking and Slavery By adhering to the principles contained in
the CSR program, the Company enriches the economic, social, and environmental aspects of the communities in which the Company’s
employees live and work, which enhances the profitability of the Company and benefits the Company’s employees, stockholders,
and customers. 5 CURTISS-WRIGHT
CORPORATION 130
Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036 PROXY
STATEMENT PURPOSE This Proxy Statement is being furnished in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Curtiss-Wright Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), for use at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the “Annual Meeting”) to be
held on Thursday, May 7, 2020, at 1:00 p.m. local time, at the Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North
Carolina 28036, and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. INTERNET
AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS Pursuant to the rules adopted by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Company is furnishing proxy materials to its stockholders primarily
via the internet, rather than mailing paper copies of these materials to each stockholder. On or about March 24, 2020, the Company
will mail to each stockholder (other than those stockholders who previously had requested paper delivery of proxy materials) a
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access and review the proxy materials, including
a Notice and Proxy Statement and the Company’s combined Business Review/2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC.
The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials also contains instructions on how to request a paper copy of the proxy
materials. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials by mail, you will not receive a paper copy of
the proxy materials unless you request one. If you would like to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials, please follow the
instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. You can also choose to receive future proxy materials
by email by following the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. This will help the
Company reduce the environmental impact and costs of printing and distributing paper copies and improve the speed and efficiency
by which the Company’s stockholders can access these materials. If you choose to receive future proxy materials by email,
you will receive an email next year with instructions containing a link to those materials and a link to the proxy-voting site.
Your election to receive proxy materials by email will remain in effect until you revoke it. The Company may at its discretion
voluntarily choose to mail or deliver a paper copy of the proxy materials, including a Notice and Proxy Statement and the combined
Business Review/2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, to one or more stockholders. INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE ANNUAL MEETING Mailing and Solicitation. A Notice and Proxy Statement and combined Business Review/2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and accompanying form of proxy card
attached hereto are being distributed or made available via the internet to the Company’s stockholders on or about March
24, 2020. For information about stockholders’ eligibility to vote at the Annual Meeting, please see “ Record Date
and Outstanding Stock ” below. The Company will pay the cost of the solicitation of proxies. The solicitation is to be
made primarily by mail but may be supplemented by telephone calls and personal solicitation by officers and other employees of
the Company. The Company will reimburse banks and nominees for their expenses in forwarding proxy materials to the Company’s
beneficial owners. Proxies. Whether or not you plan to
attend the Annual Meeting, the Company requests that you vote prior to the Annual Meeting: (i) via the internet, by following
the instructions provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, (ii) via telephone, by following the instructions
provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or (iii) via mail, by completing, signing, dating and mailing
a paper proxy card in a postage-paid return envelope, which a stockholder can request as outlined in the Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials. A control number, contained in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, is designed to verify
your identity, and allow you to vote your shares, and confirm that your voting instructions have been properly recorded. 6 If your shares are registered directly in
your name, you are the holder of record of these shares and the Company is sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials directly to you. As the holder of record, you have the right to vote by one of the three ways mentioned above or in
person at the Annual Meeting. If your shares are held in “street name”, your bank, broker, or other nominee will send
to you a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. As a holder in street name, you have the right to direct your bank,
broker, or other nominee how to vote by submitting voting instructions in the manner directed by your bank, broker, or other nominee.
If you hold shares in street name and you wish to vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must obtain a proxy issued in your
name from your bank, broker, or other nominee and bring that proxy to the Annual Meeting. Broker non-votes. Under the rules
of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), a bank, broker, or other nominee who holds shares in “street name”
for customers is precluded from exercising voting discretion with respect to the approval of non-routine matters (so called “broker
non-votes”) in the absence of specific instructions from such customers. The (1) election of Directors (see Proposal One)
and (3) the advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (See Proposal
Three) are considered “non-routine” matters under applicable NYSE rules. Therefore, a bank, broker, or other nominee
is not entitled to vote the shares of Company common stock unless the beneficial owner has given instructions. As such, there
may be broker non-votes with respect to these proposals. On the other hand, the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2020 (see Proposal Two) is considered a “routine”
matter under applicable NYSE rules. Therefore, a bank, broker, or other nominee will have discretionary authority to vote the
shares of Company common stock if the beneficial owner has not given instructions and no broker non-votes will occur with respect
to this proposal. Voting In Accordance With Instructions. The shares represented by your properly submitted proxy received by mail, telephone, Internet, or in person will be voted
in accordance with your instructions. If you are a registered holder and you do not specify in your properly submitted proxy how
the shares represented thereby are to be voted, your shares will be voted: (1) | “FOR” the election as Directors of the nominees proposed (see Proposal One),
(2) | “FOR” the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2020 (see Proposal Two), and
(3) | “FOR” the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers under the proposal regarding the advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (see Proposal Three). If your shares are held in street name and
you do not specify how the shares represented thereby are to be voted, your bank, broker, or other nominee may exercise its discretionary
authority to vote on Proposal Two only. The Board of Directors is not aware of any
other matters to be presented for action at the Annual Meeting, but if other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting,
shares represented by properly completed proxies received by mail, telephone, internet, or in person will be voted in accordance
with the judgment of the persons named as proxies. Signatures in Certain Cases. If a
stockholder is a corporation or unincorporated entity such as a partnership or limited liability company, the enclosed proxy should
be signed in its corporate or other entity name by an authorized officer or person and his or her title should be indicated. If
shares are registered in the name of two or more trustees or other persons, the proxy must be signed by a majority of them. If
shares are registered in the name of a decedent, the proxy should be signed by the executor or administrator and his or her title
should follow the signature. Revocation of Proxies. Whether the
proxy is submitted via the internet, telephone, or mail, stockholders have the right to revoke their proxies at any time before
a vote is taken. If your shares are registered in your name, you may revoke your proxy (1) by notifying the Corporate Secretary
of the Company in writing at the Company’s address given above, (2) by executing a new proxy bearing a later date or by
submitting a new proxy by telephone or the internet on a later date, provided the new proxy is received by Broadridge Financial
Solutions Inc. (which will have a representative present at the Annual Meeting) before the vote, (3) by attending the Annual Meeting
and voting in person, or 7 (4) by any other method available to stockholders by law. If
your shares are held in street name, you should contact the record holder to obtain instructions if you wish to revoke your vote
before the Annual Meeting. Record Date and Outstanding Stock. The close of business on March 10, 2020 has been fixed as the record date of the Annual Meeting, and only stockholders of record
at that time will be entitled to vote. The only capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding is the common stock, par value
$1.00 per share (the “Common Stock”). As of March 10, 2020, there were 42,521,705 shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding constituting all the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each stockholder is entitled
to one vote for each share of Common Stock held. Quorum. The presence, in person or
by properly executed proxy, of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Required Vote. Election of Directors : A plurality
of the Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy (and eligible to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum is present.
However, under our corporate governance guidelines, in an uncontested election where the only nominees are those recommended by
the Board, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes “withheld” from his or her election than
votes “for” his or her election is required to tender his or her resignation following certification of the stockholder
vote. The Committee on Directors and Governance is required to make recommendations to the Board with respect to any such letter
of resignation. The Board is required to take action with respect to this recommendation and to disclose their decision-making
process. Full details of this policy are set out under “Proposal One: Election of Directors” on page 9 of this Proxy
Statement. Ratification of Deloitte & Touche
LLP : The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy (and eligible
to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum is present. Advisory (non-binding vote) to approve
the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers : The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common
Stock present in person or represented by proxy (and eligible to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum is present. Calculating Votes. Under the Delaware
General Corporation Law, an abstaining vote and a broker non-vote are counted as present and eligible to vote and are, therefore,
included for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. With respect to election of directors (see
Proposal One), if you “withhold” authority to vote with respect to one or more director nominees, your vote will have
no effect on the election of such nominees. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of the nominees. With respect to the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP (see Proposal Two), if you “abstain” from voting with respect to this Proposal, your vote will have
the same effect as a vote “against” the Proposal. A bank, broker, or other nominee may exercise discretion to vote
shares as to which instructions are not given on this Proposal and accordingly, no “broker non-votes” will occur with
respect to this Proposal. With respect to the advisory vote to approve
executive compensation (see Proposal Three), if you “abstain” from voting with respect to this Proposal, your vote
will have the same effect as a vote “against” such Proposal. Broker non-votes will not be counted as having voted
either for or against this Proposal. Dissenter’s Rights of Appraisal. The stockholders have no dissenter’s rights of appraisal under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or the Company’s Amended and Restated By-Laws with respect to the matters to be voted
on at the Annual Meeting. 8 PROPOSAL
ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS General Information At the date of this Proxy Statement, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) consists of nine members, eight
of whom are non-employee Directors. The Committee on Directors and Governance
of the Board of Directors has recommended and our full Board of Directors has nominated David C. Adams, Dean M. Flatt, S. Marce
Fuller, Bruce D. Hoechner, Glenda J. Minor, John B. Nathman, Robert J. Rivet, Albert E. Smith, and Peter C. Wallace, each currently
serving Directors, to be elected to the Board for a one-year term. In the event that any nominee should become unavailable for
election, the persons named in the proxy may vote for the election of a substitute nominee. Directors will be elected by a plurality
of votes properly cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual Meeting. This means that a person will be elected who receives the
first through ninth highest number of votes, even if he or she receives less than a majority of the votes cast. Therefore, stockholders
who do not vote or withhold their vote from one or more of the proposed nominees and do not vote for another person, will not
affect the outcome of the election provided that a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. However, under our corporate governance
guidelines, in an uncontested election of Directors where the only nominees are those recommended by the Board (which is the case
for the election of Directors at this Annual Meeting), any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes “withheld”
from his or her election than votes “for” his or her election (a “Majority Withheld Vote”) is required
to tender his or her resignation following certification of the stockholder vote. The Committee on Directors and Governance must
promptly consider the resignation offer and a range of possible responses based on the circumstances that led to the Majority
Withheld Vote, if known, and make a recommendation to the Board. The Board will act on the Committee on Directors and Governance
recommendation within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote. Thereafter, the Board will promptly disclose its
decision-making process and decision regarding whether to accept the Director’s resignation (or the reason(s) for rejecting
the resignation offer, if applicable) in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Any Director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant
to this provision will not participate in the Committee on Directors and Governance recommendation or the Board action regarding
whether to accept or reject the resignation offer. As further discussed in the section titled
“ Broker non-votes ” on page 7 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common Stock through a bank, broker
or other holder of record, you must instruct your bank, broker, or other holder of record how to vote in order for them to vote
your shares of Common Stock so that your vote can be counted on this Proposal One. Overview of Curtiss-Wright’s Board
of Directors Our Directors Exhibit : | Board Composition :
High integrity Loyalty to the Company and commitment to its success Proven record of success Knowledge of corporate governance and practices | Independent Directors: 8 of 9 Average Company Board Tenure: 8.5 years Average Age: 65 years Diversity of gender, race or ethnicity: 2 of 9
Our Directors Bring to the Boardroom :
High level of leadership experience Specialized industry experience Financial expertise Extensive knowledge of the Company 9 Set forth below is a summary of the Board’s
collective qualifications, experiences and backgrounds. Information
Regarding Nominees Set forth below is information with respect
to the nominees for Directors. Such information includes the principal occupation of each nominee for Director during, at least,
the past five years, as well as a brief description of the particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that qualify
the nominee to serve as a Director of the Company. David C. Adams , age 66, has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 1, 2015. Prior to this, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from August 2013. He served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from October 2012; Co-Chief Operating Officer from November 2008; President of Curtiss-Wright Controls from June 2005; and Vice President of the Company from November 2005. He has served as a Director of the Company since August 2013. Mr. Adams also serves as a director of Snap-On Incorporated, a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of high-end tools and equipment. Mr. Adams has been an employee of the Company for more than 19 years, serving in increasing levels of strategic, operational, and managerial responsibility, as discussed above. Mr. Adams’ ability to grow the Company and in-depth knowledge of the Company’s business segments and industries in which they operate, as evidenced by the Company’s strong growth during his tenure as Chief Executive Officer provides the Company a competitive advantage in continuing to improve long-term performance and increase stockholder value. 10 Dean M. Flatt, age 69, served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Honeywell International Inc.’s Defense and Space business from July 2005 to July 2008. Prior to that, he served as President of Honeywell International Inc.’s Aerospace Electronics Systems business from December 2001 to July 2005 and served as President of Honeywell International Inc.’s Specialty Materials and Chemicals business from July 2000 to December 2001. Further, he serves as a director of Ducommun Incorporated since January 2009 where he currently serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and serves as a director of National Technical Systems, Inc. since January 2014 (he formerly served as non-executive Chairman from January 2014 until January 2018). He formerly served as a director of Industrial Container Services, Inc. from January 2012 until April 2017. He has served as Director of the Company since February 2012 and serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Executive Compensation Committee. Mr. Flatt has an in-depth understanding of the aerospace industry, evidenced by his past employment in high-level managerial positions at Honeywell International Inc., a leading global supplier of aerospace products, one of the Company’s major markets. In addition, Mr. Flatt has extensive experience in evaluating new business opportunities gained while serving on the executive board of a private equity firm. Furthermore, Mr. Flatt has extensive managerial experience in operating a business at the director level, serving as a current director of Ducommun Incorporated and National Technical Systems, Inc. Mr. Flatt’s ability to lead a company at one of the highest levels of management, coupled with his in-depth knowledge of the aerospace industry and private equity investing provides the Company with a competitive advantage in seeking new opportunities and platforms for its aerospace industry products and services, as well as strengthening the ability of the Company to select strategic acquisitions.
S. Marce Fuller, age 59, was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Mirant Corporation from July 1999 to October 2005, and a Director of Mirant Corporation from July 1999 until January 2006. She served as a Director of Earthlink, Inc., an IT services, network, and communication provider, from January 2002 to April 2014. At Earthlink, she served as Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Leadership and Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and as Lead Independent Director. She has served as a Director of the Company since 2000 and serves as Chairperson of the Executive Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. She also served as Lead Independent Director of the Company from May 2015 to May 2016. Ms. Fuller has an in-depth understanding of the power generation industry, evidenced by her past employment at Southern Energy and Mirant Corporation, both leading power generation companies. At these companies, Ms. Fuller served at times in increasing levels of managerial responsibility, beginning with Vice President at Southern Energy and then as President and Chief Executive Officer of both Southern Energy and Mirant Corporation. Ms. Fuller’s ability to lead a company at the highest level of management, coupled with her in-depth knowledge of the power generation industry, one of the Company’s largest markets, provides the Company a competitive advantage in seeking new opportunities and platforms for its power generation industry products and services. 11 Bruce D. Hoechner, age 60, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of Rogers Corporation, a NYSE-listed company, since October 2011. Rogers Corporation is a leading provider of engineered materials and components for mission critical applications serving the telecommunications, electronics, transportation, automotive, consumer, and defense markets. From October 2009 to October 2011, Mr. Hoechner served as President, Asia Pacific region, based in Shanghai, China, for Dow Chemical Company, a global diversified chemical and material company. Prior to its acquisition by Dow Chemical Company, Mr. Hoechner held positions of increasing responsibility in the U.S. and internationally with Rohm and Haas Company, a leading manufacturer of specialty chemicals. He has served as a Director of the Company since 2017 and serves as a member of the Committee on Directors and Governance and the Finance Committee. Mr. Hoechner has many years of broad leadership experience across numerous geographies, businesses, and functions with particularly strong international experience. Mr. Hoechner brings to the Board the perspective of someone familiar with all facets of worldwide business operations, with significant expertise in international marketing and business strategy development as well as the experience of leading a global, NYSE-listed company. This broad and extensive experience in leadership roles, along with his board experience, enhances Mr. Hoechner’s contributions and values to the Company’s Board.
Glenda J. Minor, age 63, has served as Chief Executive Officer and Principal of Silket Advisory Services, a privately owned consulting firm, since 2016. Silket Advisory Services advises companies on financial, strategic, and operational initiatives. From 2010–2015, Ms. Minor was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Evraz North America Limited, a leading steel manufacturer. Prior to this, Ms. Minor held both domestic and international executive finance roles at increasing levels of managerial responsibility at Visteon Corporation, a leading global automotive supplier, and DaimlerChrysler, a leading global automotive manufacturer, as well as financial management roles at General Motors Corporation, a leading global automotive manufacturer, and General Dynamics Corporation, a leading global aerospace and defense company. Ms. Minor currently serves on the Board of Directors of Albemarle Corporation, a leading global specialty chemical company. Ms. Minor has previously served on the Board of Directors of Africa Bridge, a non-profit organization, and several other non-profit organizations. She has served as a Director of the Company since 2019 and serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Committee on Directors and Governance. Ms. Minor has many years of broad financial and international leadership experience across different industries and different continents, which have provided her with an in-depth understanding of the preparation and analysis of financial statements, and invaluable experience in capital market transactions, accounting, treasury, investor relations, financial and strategic planning, and business expansion. Ms. Minor’s extensive financial knowledge will be an invaluable asset to the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting process. Additionally, Ms. Minor’s experience in mergers and acquisitions and business expansion provides the Company a competitive advantage in seeking new strategic business opportunities and platforms for its products and services. 12 Admiral (Ret.) John B. Nathman, age 71, served as commander of U.S. Fleet Forces Command from February 2005 to May 2007. From August 2004 to February 2005, he served as Vice Chief of Naval Operations in the U.S. Navy. From August 2002 to August 2004, he served as Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Requirements and Programs at the Pentagon. From October 2001 to August 2002, he served as Commander, Naval Air Forces. From August 2000 to October 2001, he served as Commander of Naval Air Forces, U.S. Pacific Fleet. He has served as a Director of the Company since 2008 and serves as Chairperson of the Committee on Directors and Governance and as a member of the Finance Committee. Admiral Nathman’s strong leadership, coupled with an in-depth understanding of U.S. government spending, especially defense spending and military products, evidenced by 37 years of service in high-level commands in the United States Navy, provides the Company a competitive advantage in seeking new opportunities and platforms for its defense industry products and services.
Robert J. Rivet, age 66, was Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Administrative Officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a leading global semiconductor company, from October 2008 to February 2011, and was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. from September 2000 until October 2009. From 2009 to 2011, he also served as a Director of Globalfoundries Inc., a semiconductor foundry. He has served as a Director of the Company since 2011 and serves as Chairperson of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Executive Compensation Committee. Mr. Rivet has an in-depth understanding of the preparation and analysis of financial statements based upon his 35 years of financial experience, including nine years as Chief Financial Officer of Advanced Micro Devices. In addition, Mr. Rivet led numerous acquisition and divestiture activities while at Advanced Micro Devices. Mr. Rivet’s extensive financial knowledge will be an invaluable asset to the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting process. Additionally, his in-depth understanding of high-technology industries such as the semiconductor business, and experience in mergers and acquisitions provides the Company a competitive advantage in seeking new strategic business opportunities and acquisitions.
Albert E. Smith, age 70, served as Chairman of Tetra Tech, Inc., a leading provider of consulting and engineering services, from March 2006 to January 2008, and also served as a director from May 2005 to February 2020. He was a director of CDI Corp., a former provider of engineering and information technology solutions, from October 2008 to September 2017. From 2002 to 2005, he served as a member of the Secretary of Defense’s Science Board. Mr. Smith was employed at Lockheed Martin Corp. from August 1985 to January 2005. Mr. Smith served as an Executive Vice President of Lockheed Martin from September 1999 until June 2005. He has served as a Director of the Company since 2006 and serves as Chairperson of the Finance Committee and as a member of the Committee on Directors and Governance. Since May 2018, he is also serving as Lead Independent Director of the Company for a term of three years being renewed every year until 2021, or until his successor is appointed. He previously served as Lead Independent Director of the Company from May 2016 to May 2017. 13 Mr. Smith has an in-depth understanding of the aerospace industry, evidenced by his past employment at Lockheed Martin, a leading aerospace company. At Lockheed, Mr. Smith served in high-level managerial positions. In addition, Mr. Smith has extensive managerial experience in operating a business at the director level, having served as a director of Tetra Tech, a public company, and having served as a director of CDI Corp., a former public company. Mr. Smith’s experience as a director (both past and present) at other public companies and ability to lead a company at one of the highest levels of management, coupled with his in-depth knowledge of the aerospace industry, one of the Company’s largest markets, provides the Company a competitive advantage in seeking new opportunities and platforms for its aerospace industry products and services.
Peter C. Wallace, age 65, served as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Gardner Denver Inc. from June 2014 until his retirement as of January 1, 2016. Gardner Denver is an industrial manufacturer of compressors, blowers, pumps, and other fluid control products used in numerous global end markets. Prior to joining Gardner Denver, Mr. Wallace was President and Chief Executive Officer, and a Director, of Robbins & Myers, Inc., from 2004 until it was acquired in February 2013 by National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Robbins & Myers was a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of highly engineered, application-critical equipment and systems for energy, chemical, pharmaceutical, and industrial markets worldwide. Mr. Wallace is also a Director of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., a leading provider of industrial products and fluid power components, and Rogers Corporation, a leading provider of engineered materials and components for mission critical applications across various markets. Mr. Wallace also serves on the board of a private manufacturing firm engaged in packaging equipment and industrial markets. He has served as a Director of the Company since 2016 and serves as a member of the Executive Compensation Committee and the Finance Committee. Mr. Wallace has a wide and varied background as a senior executive in global industrial equipment manufacturing, one of the Company’s end markets. Mr. Wallace brings to the Board the perspective of someone familiar with all facets of worldwide business operations, including the experience of leading a NYSE-listed company. This broad and extensive experience in leadership roles, along with his board experience, enhances Mr. Wallace’s contributions and values to the Company’s Board. Directorships
at Public Companies The following table sets forth any directorships
at other public companies and registered investment companies held by each Director and nominee for Director at any time during
the past five years. Name of Director | Company
David C. Adams | Snap-On Incorporated (since 2016)
Dean M. Flatt | Ducommun Incorporated (since 2009)
Bruce D. Hoechner | Rogers Corporation (since 2011)
Glenda J. Minor | Albemarle Corporation (since 2019)
Albert E. Smith | Tetra Tech Inc. (until 2020) CDI Corporation (until 2017)
Peter C. Wallace | Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (since 2005) Rogers Corporation (since 2010) 14 Family Relationships There are no family relationships between
any of the Company’s Directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or
executive officer. Certain Legal
Proceedings None of the Company’s Directors, executive
officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director has been, during the past ten years: (i) involved
in any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) convicted of any criminal proceeding
or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) subject to any order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or Federal or State
authority, permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended, or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business,
securities, futures, commodities, or banking activities; (iv) found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; (v) subject of, or a party to, any Federal
or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, related
to an alleged violation of securities or commodities law or regulation; any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
or insurance companies; or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;
or (vi) the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization, any registered entity of the Commodity Exchange Act or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization
that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Compensation of Directors For information concerning compensation of
our Directors, please see “Compensation of Directors” on page 55 of this Proxy Statement. RECOMMENDATION
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR STRUCTURE
AND PRACTICES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Corporate Governance
Guidelines and Compliance The Board of Directors has adopted corporate
governance guidelines that provide the framework for the governance of the Company. The corporate governance guidelines are available
within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at www.curtisswright.com or by sending a
request in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The corporate governance guidelines address,
among other things, standards for Director independence, meetings of the Board, executive sessions of the Board, committees of
the Board, the compensation of Directors, duties of Directors to the Company and its stockholders, and the Board’s role
in management succession. The Board reviews these principles and other aspects of governance annually. Meetings of
the Board The Board has regularly scheduled meetings
each year, and special meetings are held as necessary. In addition, management and the Directors communicate informally on a variety
of topics, 15 including suggestions for Board or committee agenda items, recent
developments, and other matters of interest to the Directors. Each Director has full access to management. A meeting of the Company’s
non-employee Directors in executive session without any employee Directors or members of management present is scheduled at every
regularly scheduled Board meeting. During 2019, the non-employee Directors met six times in executive session. In May 2018, Albert
E. Smith was appointed by the Board to serve as Lead Independent Director for such executive sessions for a term of three years
being renewed every year until 2021, or until his successor is appointed. The Board renewed Mr. Smith’s term as Lead Independent
Director in May 2019. The Lead Independent Director reviews the agenda items from the meeting with all non-employee Directors
and leads discussions with the independent Board members and coordinates follow up discussions with management. For a further
discussion on the position of Lead Independent Director, please read the section titled “ Board Leadership Structure ”
beginning on page 20 of this Proxy Statement. Directors are expected to attend all meetings
of the Board and each committee on which they serve. In 2019, the Board held nine meetings and committees of the Board held a
total of 17 meetings. During 2019, no Director attended less than 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board of Directors
and of the committee or committees on which he or she served, during the period that he or she served. The Company does not have a formal policy
with respect to Director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders. The Company believes that the potential expense involved
with requiring all non-employee Directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders outweighs the benefit of such attendance
because meeting agenda items are generally uncontested, nearly all shares voted are voted by proxy, and stockholder attendance
at the meetings is traditionally very low. Accordingly, no non-employee Directors attended the Company’s 2019 annual meeting
of stockholders. David C. Adams, the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, did attend the Company’s 2019
annual meeting of stockholders and will attend the Company’s 2020 annual meeting of stockholders where he will be available
for questions. Communication
with the Board Stockholders, employees, and other interested
parties wishing to contact the Board directly may initiate in writing any communication with: (i) the Board, (ii) any committee
of the Board, (iii) the non-employee Directors as a group, or (iv) any individual non-employee Director by sending the communication
to Albert E. Smith, c/o Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The name of any specific
intended Board recipient should be noted in the communication. However, prior to forwarding any correspondence, Mr. Smith will
review such correspondence and, in his discretion, not forward certain items if they are deemed to be of a commercial nature or
sent in bad faith. Director Independence The corporate governance guidelines provide
independence standards generally consistent with the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. These standards specify the criteria
by which the independence of the Company’s Directors will be determined and require the Board annually to determine affirmatively
that each independent Director has no material relationship with the Company other than as a Director. The Board has adopted the
standards set out in the corporate governance guidelines, which are posted within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s
website at www.curtisswright.com , for its evaluation of the materiality of any Director relationship with the Company.
To assist in the Board’s determination, each Director completed a questionnaire designed to identify any relationship that
could affect the Director’s independence. Based on the responses received from the Directors to the questionnaires and the
standards described above, the Board has determined that the following Directors are “independent” as required by
the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and the Board’s corporate governance guidelines: Dean M. Flatt, S. Marce Fuller,
Bruce D. Hoechner, Glenda J. Minor, John B. Nathman, Robert J. Rivet, Albert E. Smith, and Peter C. Wallace. Mr. Adams does not
meet the corporate governance guidelines independence test and NYSE independence listing standards due to his current position
as Chairman and Chief Executive 16 Officer of the Company. In making the determination that Messrs.
Flatt, Smith, and Wallace are “independent”, the Board considered the fact that these Directors are presently a director
of certain entities in which the Company at various times has purchased goods and/or services. The Board determined that this
relationship as a director is not material and, thus, did not affect their independence, because each of them do not participate
in the day-to-day management of those entities, and do not receive any remuneration as a result of the goods and/or services being
sold. Moreover, the transactions involved payments that are individually and in the aggregate immaterial to the revenues of each
entity and the expenses of the Company. There were no other transactions, relationships, or arrangements not otherwise disclosed
that were considered by the Board of Directors in determining whether any of the Directors are independent. All members of the Audit Committee, the Executive
Compensation Committee, the Finance Committee, and the Committee on Directors and Governance are independent Directors as defined
in the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and in the standards in the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. Code of Conduct The corporate governance guidelines contain
a code of conduct that applies to every Director. The Company also maintains a code of conduct that applies to every employee,
including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller. The Company designed
the corporate governance guidelines and the code of conduct to ensure that its business is conducted in a consistently legal and
ethical manner. The corporate governance guidelines include policies on, among other things, conflicts of interest, corporate
opportunities, and insider trading. The Company’s code of conduct applicable to all of its employees includes policies on,
among other things, employment, conflicts of interest, financial reporting, the protection of confidential information, insider
trading and hedging, and requires strict adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of the Company’s
business. The Company will disclose any waivers or amendments of the codes of conduct pertaining to Directors or the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller on its website at www.curtisswright.com in accordance with applicable law and the requirements of the NYSE corporate governance standards. To date, no waivers have been
requested or granted and no amendments have been made requiring disclosure. The Company’s code of conduct is available within
the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at www.curtisswright.com or by sending a request
in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. In order to enhance understanding of and
compliance with the Company’s code of conduct, the Company has undertaken a number of additional steps. Through a third-party
provider, the Company maintains an on-line training program that is annually circulated to all Company employees in order to enhance
the Company’s culture of ethical business practices. In addition, although all employees are encouraged to personally report
any ethical concerns without fear of retribution, the Company, through a third-party provider, maintains the Company’s Hotline
(the “Hotline”), a toll-free telephone and web-based system through which employees may report concerns confidentially
and anonymously. The Hotline facilitates the communication of ethical concerns and serves as the vehicle through which employees
may communicate with the Audit Committee of the Board confidentially and anonymously regarding any accounting or auditing concerns. Board Committees The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee,
an Executive Compensation Committee, a Committee on Directors and Governance, and a Finance Committee. The Board has adopted a
written charter for each of these committees. The full text of each charter is available within the Corporate Governance section
of the Company’s website at www.curtisswright.com or by sending a request in 17 writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation,
130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The current membership of each committee is as follows: Director | Audit Committee | Executive Compensation Committee | Committee on Directors and Governance | Finance Committee
Dean M. Flatt | X | X
S. Marce Fuller | X | X | (1)
Bruce D. Hoechner | X | X
Glenda J. Minor | X | X
John B. Nathman | X | (1) | X
Robert J. Rivet | X | (1) | X
Albert E. Smith | X | X | (1)
Peter C. Wallace | X | X (1) | Denotes Chairperson Audit Committee. The Audit Committee
presently consists of four non-employee directors. The Audit Committee met six times during 2019. Each member of the Audit Committee
meets the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. In accordance with New York Stock Exchange requirements, the Board in its
business judgment has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, knowledgeable, and qualified
to review financial statements. The Board has also determined that at least two members of the Audit Committee, Robert J. Rivet
and Glenda J. Minor, are an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee’s primary responsibilities
include assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to the integrity of the Company’s financial
statements and the financial reporting process; the systems of internal accounting and financial controls; the qualifications
and performance of the Company’s internal audit function and internal auditors; the annual independent audit of the Company’s
financial statements; the appointment and retention (subject to stockholder ratification), compensation, performance, qualifications,
and independence of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm; enterprise risk assessment and management;
review of the Company’s information security and technology program (including cybersecurity); and the Company’s compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements (including environmental matters) and ethics program. Executive Compensation Committee. The Executive Compensation Committee presently consists of four non-employee directors. The Executive Compensation Committee met
six times during 2019. Each member of the Executive Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements of the New York
Stock Exchange and the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. The Executive Compensation Committee’s
primary responsibilities includes determining the total compensation, including base salary and short and long term incentive
compensation and all benefits and perquisites, of the Chief Executive Officer, and recommends to the full Board the total compensation
levels for the remaining executive officers of the Company. The Executive Compensation Committee also oversees the administration
of the Company’s executive compensation programs and reviews and evaluates compensation arrangements to assess whether they
could encourage undue risk taking. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Executive Compensation Committee may retain a consultant
and during 2019, the Executive Compensation Committee used the services of Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc., an independent compensation
consultant, to assist and guide the Executive Compensation Committee. For a discussion concerning the process and procedures for
the consideration and determination of executive compensation and the role of executive officers and compensation consultants
in determining or recommending the amount or form of compensation, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” beginning
on page 28 of this Proxy Statement. Committee on Directors and Governance. The Committee on Directors and Governance presently consists of four non-employee directors. The Committee on Directors and
Governance met three times 18 during 2019. The Committee on Directors and Governance primary
responsibilities includes developing policy on the size and composition of the Board, oversight responsibility relating to the
risks associated with the Company’s Environmental, Social, and Governance requirements, criteria for Director nomination,
procedures for the nomination process, and compensation paid to Directors. The committee also identifies and recommends candidates
for election to the Board. Further, the committee regularly reviews the Company’s corporate governance guidelines and provides
oversight of the corporate governance affairs of the Board and the Company consistent with the long-term best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. Each member of the Committee on Directors and Governance meets the independence requirements of
the New York Stock Exchange and the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. Finance Committee. The Finance Committee
presently consists of four non-employee directors. The Finance Committee met two times during 2019. The Finance Committee’s
primary responsibilities includes advising the Board regarding the capital structure of the Company, the Company’s dividend
and stock repurchase policies, the Company’s currency risk and hedging programs, and the investment managers and policies
relating to the Company’s defined benefit plans. Each member of the Finance Committee meets the independence requirements
of the New York Stock Exchange and the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. Board and Board
Committees Self-Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a thorough, constructive
self-evaluation process enhances its effectiveness and is an essential element of good corporate governance. Accordingly, the
Committee on Directors and Governance oversees an annual self-evaluation process to ensure that the full Board and each of its
committees conducts a thorough self-assessment of its performance and solicits feedback for improvement. In addition, the Board
and its committees meet regularly in executive session throughout the year to consider areas that may warrant additional focus
and attention. The Committee on Directors and Governance reviews and reassesses the format and effectiveness of the evaluation
process each year and makes changes when considered necessary or appropriate. During 2019, the evaluations were conducted
through the use of a detailed on-line survey designed to offer a thoughtful and substantive reflection on the Board and committees
performance. The survey considers various topics related to Board and committee composition, structure, effectiveness and responsibilities,
as well as the overall mix of director skills, experience and backgrounds. The results of the survey were aggregated, summarized
by the General Counsel, and presented to the Board and each committee for discussion in executive session. In addition to providing
an opportunity for directors to discuss a wide range of governance-related topics, the evaluation process is used by the Board
and each committee to identify opportunities for improvement, make changes to the committee charters, processes and policies,
and is linked to the Board’s succession planning activities. In response to feedback solicited from the
Board and committees in 2019, the Company continues to: • | Streamline meeting materials to better highlight important information, while maintaining completeness
• | Allow sufficient time during Board and committee meetings for discussion, debate, in-depth reviews, and executive sessions
• | Enhance discussion about areas of emerging risk at Board and Audit Committee meetings, including deep dives on key topics at Board risk oversight sessions
• | Provide educational opportunities during regular scheduled meetings and through third-party programs 19 Board Leadership
Structure The Company is focused on strong corporate
governance practices and values independent Board oversight as an essential component of strong corporate performance to enhance
stockholder value. The Company’s commitment to independent oversight is demonstrated by the independence of all directors,
except our Chairman. In addition, as discussed above, all of the members of the Board’s Audit Committee, Finance Committee,
Executive Compensation Committee, and Committee on Directors and Governance are independent. The Board believes that each business is
unique, and therefore, the appropriate board leadership structure will depend upon each company’s unique circumstances and
needs at the time. The positions of Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company currently reside in one individual,
David C. Adams. The Board believes at this time it is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders for one person
to serve as Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Adams has been an employee of the Company for more than 19 years,
having served in increasing levels of strategic, operational, and managerial responsibility. He possesses in-depth managerial
and operational knowledge of the Company and its industries, as well as the issues, opportunities, and challenges it faces. Thus,
he is best positioned to provide direction and highlight issues that ensure the Board of Directors’ time and attention are
focused on the most critical matters. In addition, the Board has determined that this leadership structure is optimal because
it believes that having one leader serving as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer fosters decisive leadership, accountability,
effective decision-making, and alignment on corporate strategy. Having one person serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
also enhances the Company’s ability to communicate its message and strategy clearly and consistently to its stockholders,
employees, customers, and suppliers. In light of Mr. Adams’ experience and knowledge of the Company’s business and
industries, his ability to speak as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer provides the Company with strong unified leadership.
The Board will continue to monitor the appropriateness of this structure. Mr. Adams fulfills his responsibilities in
chairing the Board through close interaction with the Lead Independent Director, Albert E. Smith. The Board has structured the
role of its Lead Independent Director to strike an appropriate balance between well-focused and independent leadership on the
Board. The Lead Independent Director serves as the focal point for independent Directors regarding resolving conflicts with the
Chief Executive Officer, or other independent Directors, and coordinating feedback to the Chief Executive Officer on behalf of
independent Directors regarding business issues and Board management. The Lead Independent Director is expected to foster a cohesive
Board that supports and cooperates with the Chief Executive Officer’s ultimate goal of creating stockholder value. In this
regard, the Lead Independent Director’s responsibilities include, without limitation: • | Convening and presiding over executive sessions attended only by non-employee Directors;
• | Communicating to the Chief Executive Officer the substance of discussions held during those sessions to the extent requested by the participants;
• | Serving as a liaison between the Chairman and the Board’s independent Directors on sensitive issues;
• | Consulting with the Chairman on meeting schedules and agendas, including the format and adequacy of information the Directors receive and the effectiveness of the meeting process;
• | Overseeing the Board’s self-evaluation process; and
• | Presiding at meetings of the Board in the event of the Chairman’s unavailability. The Board believes this governance structure
and these practices ensure that strong and independent directors will continue to effectively oversee the Company’s management
and key issues related to long-term business plans, long-range strategic issues, risks, and integrity. Board Role
in Risk Oversight The Board of Directors oversees risk to help
ensure a successful business at the Company. While the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and other members of the Company’s senior leadership team are responsible for the assessment and day-to-day 20 management of risk, the Board of Directors is responsible for
assessing the Company’s major risks and ensuring that appropriate risk management and control procedures are in place. The Company relies on a comprehensive enterprise
risk management program to aggregate, monitor, measure, and manage risk. The Company’s enterprise risk management program
is designed to enable the Board to establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of the Company’s
risk management practices and capabilities, to review the Company’s risk exposure, and to elevate certain key risks for
discussion at the Board level. While the Board has the ultimate oversight responsibility for risk management processes, various
committees of the Board composed entirely of independent directors, also have responsibility for aspects of risk management. The
Board and its committees are kept informed by various reports on risk identification and mitigation provided to them on a regular
basis, including reports made at the Board and Committee meetings by management. The Audit Committee of the Board, acting
pursuant to its written charter, serves as the principal agent of the Board in fulfilling the Board’s oversight of risk
assessment and management, including with respect to major strategic, operational, financial reporting, legal and compliance,
information security and technology risks (including cybersecurity). The Company’s Director of Internal Audit, who reports
to the Audit Committee, facilitates the enterprise risk management program and helps ensure that risk management is integrated
into the Company’s strategic and operating planning process. The Director of Internal Audit regularly updates the Audit
Committee on the Company’s risk management program throughout the year through discussions of individual risk areas, as
well as an annual summary of the enterprise risk management process. The Audit Committee reviews with management the risks presented
and the steps management has taken to monitor, mitigate, and control such risks. The Chairperson of the Audit Committee then reports
to the full Board on the risks associated with the Company’s operations The Board is actively engaged in the oversight
of the Company’s information security and technology programs (including cybersecurity). The Company’s Chief Information
Officer leads the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, which is fully integrated into the overall enterprise
risk management program and overseen by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews and receives regular briefings concerning
the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program and data protection practices, including discussions of rapidly evolving
cyber security threats, cyber security technologies and solutions deployed, major cyber risk areas, policies and procedures to
address those risks, and cyber incidents, from the Company’s Chief Information Officer. Program highlights include: • | Multi-layer strategy of defense in-depth designed to ensure the safety, security and responsible use of information and data.
• | Security operations center (“SOC”) that monitors all IT assets, resources, and data 24-hours per day, 7-days per week, 365-days per year.
• | Incorporates external expertise to manage the SOC, perform penetration tests, cyber-attack simulation exercises, and log management to review anomalies indicating a possible breach.
• | Maintain a business continuity program and cyber insurance. The Executive Compensation Committee considers
risks in connection with its design of compensation programs for the Company’s employees, including the executive officers,
including incorporating features that mitigate risk without diminishing the incentive nature of the compensation. The conclusions
of this assessment are set forth in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the heading “Risk Consideration in the
Overall Compensation Program for 2019” on page 45 of this Proxy Statement. The Finance Committee is responsible for assessing
risks related to financing matters such as pension plans, capital structure, currency risk and hedging programs, and equity and
debt issuances. The Committee on Directors and Governance oversees risk related to the Company’s overall governance, including
Board and committee composition, Board size and structure, Director recruitment, Director independence, Director compensation,
ethical and business conduct, and the Company’s corporate environmental, social and governance profiles and ratings. The Board believes that its leadership structure
facilitates its oversight of risk by combining Board committees and majority independent Board composition with an experienced
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer who has detailed knowledge of the Company’s business, history, and the complex 21 challenges it faces. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s
in-depth understanding of these matters and involvement in the day-to-day management of the Company position him to promptly identify
and raise key risks to the Board and focus the Board’s attention on areas of concern. The independent committee chairs and
other Directors also are experienced professionals or executives who can and do raise issues for Board consideration and review
and are not hesitant to challenge management. The Board believes there is a well-functioning and effective balance between the
non-management Directors and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer that enhances risk oversight. Succession
Planning The Board of Directors recognizes that one
of its most important responsibilities is to ensure excellence and continuity in the Company’s senior leadership by overseeing
the development of executive talent and planning for the effective succession of the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and the other senior members of the Company’s senior leadership team. This responsibility is reflected in the Company’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide for an annual review of CEO succession planning and management development. The
Committee on Directors and Governance assists the Board in the succession planning process by reviewing and recommending to the
full Board candidates for successor to the Chief Executive Officer and to assure that senior management has established and maintains
a succession planning process for senior executive positions other than the Chief Executive Officer. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company’s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer provides an annual succession planning report to the Board of Directors, which summarizes
the overall composition of the Company’s senior leadership team, including their professional qualifications, tenure, and
work experience. The report also identifies internal members of the senior leadership team who are viewed as potential successors
to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Succession planning is also regularly discussed in executive sessions of the Board
of Directors. The Company’s directors become familiar with internal potential successors for key leadership positions through
various means, including the annual succession planning report and Board of Directors and committee meetings, and less formal
interactions throughout the course of the year. Additionally, the Board of Directors, with
support and recommendations from the Committee on Directors and Governance, oversees the succession of its members. To this end,
at least once a year, in connection with the annual director nomination and re-nomination process, the Committee on Directors
and Governance evaluates each director’s performance, relative strengths and weaknesses, and future plans, including any
personal retirement objectives and the potential applicability of the Company’s mandatory retirement policy for directors
(which is set forth in the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines). As part of that evaluation, the Committee on Directors
and Governance also identifies areas of overall strength and weakness with respect to its composition and considers whether the
Board of Directors as a whole possesses core competencies in the areas of accounting and finance, management experience with mergers
and acquisitions, risk management, industry knowledge, knowledge of technology and cyber-security, marketing, digital marketing
and social media, international markets, strategic vision, compensation, and corporate governance, among others. Director Onboarding
and Education All new Directors participate in the Company’s
director onboarding program. The onboarding process includes in-person meetings at the Company’s headquarters with senior
leaders to familiarize new directors with the Company’s strategic vision, values and culture; operational and financial
reporting structure; and legal, compliance and governance framework. The Board encourages all Directors to participate
in continuing director education programs, either individually or together with other Committee members, and Directors are reimbursed
for their expenses for such programs. 22 Stockholder
Recommendations and Nominations for Directors Stockholder Recommendations .
The Committee on Directors and Governance will consider stockholder recommendations for Director nominees. A stockholder desiring
the committee to consider his or her Director recommendation should deliver a written submission to the Committee on Directors
and Governance in care of the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina
28036. Such submission must include: (1) | the name and address of such stockholder,
(2) | the name of such nominee,
(3) | the nominee’s written consent to serve if elected,
(4) | documentation demonstrating that the nominating stockholder is indeed a stockholder of the Company, including the number of shares of stock owned,
(5) | a representation (i) that the stockholder is a holder of record of the stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and whether he or she intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting, and (ii) whether the stockholder intends or is part of a group that intends to deliver a proxy statement to the Company’s stockholders respecting such nominee or otherwise solicit proxies respecting such nominee,
(6) | a description of any derivative instruments the stockholder owns for which the Company’s shares are the underlying security or any other direct or indirect opportunity the stockholder has to profit from any increase or decrease in the value of the Company’s stock,
(7) | a description of the extent to which the stockholder has entered into any transaction or series of transactions, including hedging, short selling, borrowing shares, or lending shares, with the effect or intent to mitigate loss to or manage or share risk or benefit of changes in the value or price of share of stock of the Company for, or to increase or decrease the voting power or economic interest of, such stockholder with respect to any shares of stock of the Company,
(8) | a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship under which the stockholder has a right to vote any of the shares of stock of the Company or influence the voting over any such shares,
(9) | a description of any rights to dividends on the shares of stock of the Company the stockholder has that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of stock of the Company,
(10) | a description of any performance-related fees (other than asset-based fee) the stockholder is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of the shares of stock of the Company or related derivative instruments,
(11) | to the extent known, the name and address of any other stockholder(s) supporting the nomination on the date of the stockholder’s submission of the nomination to the Committee on Directors and Governance,
(12) | any information relating to the nominee and his or her affiliates that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy solicitation for the election of Directors of the Company pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
(13) | a description of all direct and indirect compensation, and other material monetary agreements, arrangements, and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships between such nominating stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on the one hand, and the nominee and his or her respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand. In addition, such submission must be accompanied
by a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of the nominee and the background of any other person
or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made. Further, the nominee must also provide a written representation and agreement
that such nominee (i) is not and will not become party to (x) any agreement, arrangement, or understanding as to how such prospective
nominee will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Company, or (y) any agreement, arrangement,
or 23 understanding as to how such prospective nominee will act or
vote on any issue or question that could limit or interfere with such nominee’s ability to comply with such nominee’s
fiduciary duties, (ii) is not and will not become party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with respect to any direct
or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director, that has not been
disclosed to the Company, and (iii) in such person’s individual capacity and on behalf of any beneficial owner on whose
behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality,
and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Company. The Committee may require additional information from
the nominee to perform its evaluation. The Committee on Directors and Governance
also considers candidates for Board membership as recommended by directors or management. The Committee on Directors and Governance
uses the same criteria to evaluate all candidates for Board membership, whether recommended by directors, management, or stockholders.
As it deems necessary, the Committee on Directors and Governance may engage consultants or third-party search firms to assist
in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. In its assessment of each potential nominee, the Committee on Directors and
Governance takes into account the skills and characteristics that the Board seeks in its members as well as consideration of the
diversity of the Board as a whole. This review includes an assessment of, among other things, a candidate’s knowledge, education,
experience, cultural background, including ethnicity, gender and age, and skills in areas critical to understanding the Company
and its business, with a commitment to enhancing stockholder value. The Committee on Directors and Governance seeks candidates
with the highest professional and personal ethics and values and who will operate in accordance with the Company’s Code
of Conduct. The Committee on Directors and Governance also assesses a candidate’s ability to make independent analytical
inquiries, and willingness to devote adequate time to Board duties. Director nominees should possess the following experience,
attributes, and characteristics: Experience (in one or more of the following): • | High level leadership experience;
• | Specialized expertise in the industries in which the Company competes;
• | Financial expertise;
• | Breadth of knowledge about issues affecting the Company;
• | Ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board activities; and
• | Expertise and experience that is useful to the Company and complementary to the background and experience of other Board members, so that an optimal balance and diversity of Board members may be achieved and maintained. Personal attributes and characteristics: • | Personal integrity;
• | Loyalty to the Company and concern for its success and welfare, and willingness to apply sound independent business judgment;
• | Awareness of a director’s vital part in the Company’s good corporate citizenship and corporate image; and
• | Willingness to assume fiduciary responsibilities. Although the Committee on Directors and Governance
does not have a formal written policy with regard to considering diversity in identifying nominees for directors, it does believe
that maintaining a diverse membership with varying backgrounds, skills, expertise and other differentiating characteristics promotes
inclusiveness, enhances the Board’s deliberations and enables the Board to better represent all of the Company’s constituents.
Diversity considerations for a director nominee may vary at any time according to the particular areas of expertise being sought
as a complement to the existing Board composition. The Committee on Directors and Governance
annually evaluates the performance of the Board, each of the committees, and each of the members of the Board. It also reviews
the size of the Board 24 and whether it would be beneficial to add additional members
and/or any new skills or expertise, taking into account the overall operating efficiency of the Board and its committees. If the
Board has a vacancy, or if the Committee determines that it would be beneficial to add an additional member, the Committee will
take into account the factors identified above and all other factors, which the Committee in its best judgment deems relevant
at such time. In this process, the Committee on Directors and Governance will consider potential candidates proposed by other
members of the Board, by management or by stockholders. Once an individual has been identified by
the Committee on Directors and Governance as a potential candidate, the Committee, as an initial matter, may collect and review
publicly available information regarding the individual to assess whether the individual should be considered further. Generally,
if the individual expresses a willingness to be considered and to serve on the Board, and the Committee believes that the individual
has the potential to be a good candidate, the Committee would seek to gather information from or about the individual, review
the individual’s accomplishments and qualifications in light of any other candidates that the Committee might be considering,
and, as appropriate, conduct one or more interviews with the individual. In certain instances, Committee members may contact one
or more references provided by the candidate or may contact other members of the business community or other individuals that
may have greater first-hand knowledge of the candidate’s accomplishments. The Committee’s evaluation process does
not vary based on whether or not a prospective candidate is recommended by a stockholder, although, as stated above, the Board
may take into consideration the number of shares held by the recommending stockholder and the length of time that such shares
have been held. Stockholder
Engagement The Company approaches stockholder engagement
as an integrated, year-round process involving senior management and the investor relations team. The Company welcomes the opportunity
to engage openly with its stockholders to obtain insights and feedback on matters of mutual interest. The Board’s and senior
management’s commitment to understanding the interests and perspectives of stockholders is a key component of the stockholder
engagement strategy. The Company engages with stockholders throughout the year to: • | Provide visibility and transparency into the Company’s business, including senior management’s perspectives on the financial and operational performance, as well as key trends impacting its end markets and other industry developments;
• | Discuss and seek feedback on the Company’s communications and disclosures; issues that are important to stockholders; hear stockholder expectations for the Company; and share the Company’s views;
• | Discuss and seek feedback on the Company’s executive compensation and corporate governance policies and practices; and
• | Convey feedback on critical conversations and issues back to the Board to enhance future disclosure and decision-making. Throughout the year, the Company meets with
research analysts and institutional investors to inform and share the Company’s perspective on its financial and operational
performance through its participation in investor conferences, non-conference roadshows and other formal events where the Company
conducts group and one-on-one meetings. The Company also engages with governance representatives of its major stockholders, through
conference calls that occur during and outside of the proxy season. During 2019, the Company conducted in-person
meetings and calls with its top 50 institutional investors representing more than 43% of the Company’s outstanding stock,
resulting in substantive engagements with investors holding a significant portion of the Company’s outstanding stock. In
addition, the Company conducted more than 115 face-to-face meetings with institutional investors and prospects. 25 The comments, questions and suggestions offered
by the Company’s investors were shared with, and discussed by, the full Board, and their perspectives will inform the Board’s
decision-making in 2020 and beyond. Stockholder Nominations. A stockholder
desiring to nominate a person as Director should deliver a written submission in accordance with the Company’s By-laws to
the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. Such submission
must include the items listed above under “Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations for Directors.” Stockholder
submissions for Director nominees at the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders must be received by the Corporate Secretary of the
Company no earlier than January 9, 2021 and no later than February 7, 2021. Nominee recommendations that are made by stockholders
in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration as recommendations initiated by the Committee on Directors
and Governance. The following report of the Audit Committee
does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing
under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this
report by reference therein. Audit Committee
Report Management is responsible for the financial
reporting process, including its system of internal controls, and for the preparation of consolidated financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our independent accountants are responsible
for auditing those financial statements and the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. The Audit Committee
is responsible for monitoring and reviewing these processes. The Audit Committee does not have the duty or responsibility to conduct
auditing or accounting reviews or procedures. None of the members of the Audit Committee may be employees of the Company. Additionally,
the Audit Committee members may not represent themselves to be accountants or auditors for the Company, or to serve as accountants
or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing for the Company. Therefore, the Audit Committee has
relied, without independent verification, on management’s representation that the financial statements have been prepared
with integrity and objectivity and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
and on the representations of the independent accountants included in their report on the Company’s financial statements. The oversight performed by the Audit Committee
does not provide it with an independent basis to determine that management has maintained appropriate accounting and financial
reporting principles or policies or appropriate internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting
standards and applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, the discussions that the Audit Committee has with management and the
independent accountants do not assure that the financial statements are presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, that the audit of the financial statements has been carried out in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
or that our independent accountants are in fact “independent.” As more fully described in its charter, the
Audit Committee is responsible for, among other items, overseeing the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and
the financial reporting process, the systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the qualifications and performance
of the internal audit function and internal auditors, and the annual independent audit of the Company’s financial statements
by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. As part of fulfilling its responsibilities,
the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management and Deloitte & Touche LLP the audited consolidated financial statements
for fiscal year 2019, including a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness
of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements, as well as the Company’s earnings
releases and quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K prior to filing with the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee
reviewed with management, Deloitte & Touche LLP, and the Company’s Director of Internal Audit, the overall audit scope
and plans, the results of internal and external audits, evaluations by management and Deloitte & Touche LLP of the Company’s 26 internal controls over financial reporting and the quality of
the Company’s financial reporting. The Audit Committee also discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP the matters required
to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and the
SEC. The Audit Committee has also discussed and considered the independence of Deloitte & Touche LLP with representatives
of Deloitte & Touche LLP, reviewing as necessary all relationships and services (including non-audit services) that might
bear on the objectivity of Deloitte & Touche LLP, and received the written disclosures and the letter required under Rule
3526 of the PCAOB (Communications with Audit Committees Concerning Independence) from Deloitte & Touche LLP. Based on the
forgoing, the Audit Committee concluded that Deloitte & Touche LLP is independent from the Company and its management. The
Audit Committee schedules separate private sessions, during its regularly scheduled meetings, with Deloitte & Touche LLP and
the Company’s Director of Internal Audit, at which candid discussions regarding financial management, accounting, auditing
and internal control issues takes place. Deloitte & Touche LLP is also encouraged to discuss any other matters they desire
with the Audit Committee, the Director of Internal Audit, and/or the full Board of Directors. The opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP
is filed separately in the 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the reading of the financial
statements. Based upon the Audit Committee’s review
and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated
financial statements and footnotes be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2019, for filing with the SEC. AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Robert J. Rivet, Chairperson Dean M. Flatt S. Marce Fuller Glenda J. Minor 27 COMPENSATION
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion
and Analysis (“CD&A”) details the Executive Compensation Committee’s (“Committee”) decisions
regarding the compensation programs and practices as they relate to the Company’s Named Executive Officers (“NEOs”).
In 2019, the Company’s NEOs were: • | David C. Adams, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
• | Glenn E. Tynan, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
• | Thomas P. Quinly, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer;
• | Paul J. Ferdenzi, Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary; and
• | K. Christopher Farkas, Vice President - Finance and Corporate Controller 2019 Company Performance The Company strives
to attain top quartile performance compared with its peer group (as later defined in this CD&A), by concentrating on: • | Leveraging the critical mass and the powerful suite of capabilities it built over the past decade;
• | Driving operational excellence to improve key financial metrics such as operating margins and return on invested capital (ROIC); and
• | Exercising financial discipline to drive higher free cash flow. The Company also maintains
a disciplined and balanced capital deployment strategy—all part of the Company’s effort to improve competitiveness
over the long term and generate stronger returns for stockholders. In 2019, the Company’s
performance reinforced its strategy and its financial performance remained strong, resulting in three-year total shareholder return
(TSR) which ranked seventh among the Company’s peer group. TSR is the change in the Company’s common stock share price
plus dividends from the beginning of the measurement period to the end (three years, 1/1/2017 to 12/31/2019). Highlights of the
Company’s 2019 performance include: • | Operating income increased 8.0%.
• | Operating margin increased to 16.2%.
• | Working capital as a percentage of sales increased slightly to 20.0%. The Company’s
financial performance above excludes the performance of acquisitions consummated during the performance period. 28 The following charts
illustrate how the Company compares against the peer group using TSR as of December 31, 2019: Three-Year Indexed TSR Curtiss-Wright vs. Peers 12/30/2016 – 12/31/2019 | One-Year Indexed TSR Curtiss-Wright vs. Peers 12/31/2018 – 12/31/2019 2019 Incentive Payouts Incentive awards earned
by the NEOs for fiscal 2019 reflect the Company’s strong operating performance and its commitment to pay for performance. • | 2019 annual incentive awards were on average 131% of target for the NEO’s with incentives based on Company (80%) and individual (20%) performance.
• | Cash-based performance units for the 2017-2019 performance period were on average 190% of target, based on 3-year average sales growth and ROIC.
• | Performance Share Units payout for the 2017-2019 performance period was 133% of target, attributable to the Company’s strong relative TSR performance. 29 Compensation Practices and Policies The Committee frequently
reviews the Company’s executive compensation program to ensure it supports the Company’s compensation philosophy and
objectives and continues to drive corporate performance to achieve the Company’s strategic plan. The Committee continues
to implement and maintain best practices for executive compensation. Listed below are some of the best practices the Company follows
and the practices that the Company does not include in its program: What Curtiss-Wright Does | What Curtiss-Wright Doesn’t Do
• Aligns pay and performance using measures of financial and operating performance including use of relative TSR | • No NEO employment agreements • Does not engage in executive compensation practices that encourage excessive risk
• Balances short-term and long-term incentives using multiple performance measures that focus on profitable top line growth | • No short sales, hedging, or pledging of Curtiss-Wright stock • No reloading, re-pricing or backdating stock options
• Places maximum caps on incentive payouts consistent with market competitive practice | • No tax gross-ups on change-in-control benefits for executives hired after January 2008
• Establishes rigorous stock ownerships guidelines for NEOs and Board members including a 50% mandatory hold on net shares until ownership guidelines are met for NEOs | • No dividends on unvested or unearned performance units/shares • No excessive perquisites
• Includes a claw back policy on all incentive compensation | • No excessive severance and/or change in control provisions
• Uses an independent external compensation consultant to review and advise on executive compensation
• Uses double trigger Change in Control Agreements for equity vesting under the Corporation’s Long Term Incentive Plan Consideration of Say on Pay Results The Company provides
its stockholders an annual advisory vote to approve its executive compensation program under Section 14A of the Exchange Act.
At the 2019 Annual Meeting of stockholders, over 97% of shares voted were in favor of the Company’s executive pay programs
(commonly known as Say on Pay). Stockholder input is
important to the Committee. The Company regularly solicits input from its major stockholders on the Company’s executive
compensation programs. The Company received overall positive feedback regarding the core structure and elements of its executive
compensation program. The Company’s investors also were enthusiastic about the performance of the Company. The Committee evaluated
these results, considered stockholder feedback received by the Company, and took into account many other factors in evaluating
the Company’s executive compensation programs as discussed in this CD&A. The Committee also assessed the interaction
of our compensation programs with our business objectives, input from its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook &
Co., Inc. (FW Cook), and review of peer data, each of which is evaluated in the context of the Committee’s fiduciary duty
to act as the directors determine to be in the best interests of the Company. While each of these factors bore on the Committee’s
decisions regarding our NEOs’ compensation, the Committee did not make any material changes to our 2019 executive compensation
program and policies as the Committee believes that the 2019 voting results as well as investor feedback indicate stockholders’
approval of the NEO’s compensation levels, objectives, program design, and rationale. 30 Overview of the 2019 Executive Compensation
Program Compensation Philosophy The Company’s compensation philosophy and objectives
will support and enable: • | Curtiss-Wright’s vision of achieving top quartile performance compared to its peer group
• | Pay outcomes aligned company performance with shareholder interests by targeting NEO total direct compensation opportunities at market median, which provides the opportunity for above median pay for above median performance and below median pay for below median performance
• | Incentive Metrics and Targets dictated by the Company’s strategic goals that are:
- | Evaluated annually based on financial performance and outlook
- | Modified in terms of weighting and mix as Curtiss-Wright’s performance advances towards or enters the top quartile
- | Reviewed and assessed as business conditions change with exceptions possible when aligned with strategic purposes
• | Long-Term Incentives (LTI) including equity as a key component thereby aligning 70% of NEO’s LTI grant value with shareholder interests through 3-year performance based vehicles
• | Compensation to be a tool for key employee retention and talent development Compensation mix To reinforce the Company’s
pay for performance philosophy, nearly two-thirds of targeted total direct compensation for the CEO and greater than one-half
for each NEO is contingent upon performance and, therefore, fluctuates with the Company’s financial results and share price.
The Committee targets total direct compensation opportunities for the executive group on average to the 50th percentile (median)
of the Company’s relevant market and peer data with actual upside and downside pay tied to corresponding performance. 2019 Target Compensation Mix and
“Pay at Risk” Performance-based compensation
includes: annual incentives, equity-based performance share units, and cash-based performance units, which account for approximately
63% of the CEO’s total target compensation and on average 55% of the total target compensation for the remaining NEO’s. 31 Chief Executive Officer | Other Named Executive Officers The acronyms PSUs, PUs,
and RSUs in the above pie charts mean equity-based performance share units, cash-based performance units, and time-based restricted
stock units, respectively, each of which is discussed more fully later on in this CDA. Competitive market data and peer
group data The Committee analyzed competitive market data from
two sources: 1. | Peer group; and
2. | Survey data The Committee utilizes
both peer group and industry data when evaluating NEO compensation levels. The peer group data is representative of competitors
with similar product lines, markets / industries and relative revenue size. Peer group performance therefore is a key relative
measure for the Company’s annual incentive plan and performance-based long-term incentive plan metrics. The Committee, with
guidance from FW Cook and Management, adjusted the peer group used for competitive market assessments in late 2018, which informed
2019 pay decisions. The final 2019 peer group approved by the Committee consists of the following 17 companies: • | AAR Corp. | • | ITT Corp
• | Aerojet Rocketdyne | • | Kaman Corporation
• | Crane Co. | • | Moog Inc.
• | Cubic Corporation | • | Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc.
• | EnPro Industries, Inc. | • | Teledyne Technologies Inc.
• | Esterline Technologies Corp* | • | Transdigm Group Inc.
• | FLIR Systems, Inc. | • | Triumph Group, Inc.
• | Hexcel Corp. | • | Woodward, Inc.
• | IDEX Corporation * | Esterline Technologies Corp was purchased by Transdigm Group Inc. in March 2019 and is no longer in the peer group. 32 The Committee primarily
relies on peer group data for the CEO and CFO, while placing more focus on nationally recognized executive survey data from third
party sources for the other NEOs. The Committee believes that due to the smaller number of peer matches and more robust sample
size of the surveys, the latter provides more reliable compensation data for roles other than the CEO and CFO. Roles in determining 2019 Executive
Compensation Summarized in the table below are roles and responsibilities
for executive compensation: Groups Involved | Roles and Responsibilities
Executive Compensation Committee | • Determines the compensation levels for all executive officers annually • Oversees the administration of the Company’s executive compensation programs • Reviews competitiveness and business fit of overall executive compensation plans, philosophy and policies • Oversees cost and design of the Company’s retirement plans and recommends changes to the full Board • Selects, oversees, and directs the activities of the external executive compensation consultant and ensures the independence of such consultant • Reviews and evaluates compensation arrangements to assess whether they could encourage undue risk taking • Reviews and approves the personal and financial annual and long term goals and objectives for the executive officers and the Company, evaluates the executive officers and the Company’s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and determines and approves all annual and long-term incentive compensation of the executive officers based on this evaluation
Board Members | • Oversees design and cost changes to the retirement plans
Independent Committee Consultant | • Provides advice on officer and board of directors compensation matters • Provides information on competitive market trends in general executive compensation as it impacts officers • Provides proposals for officer compensation programs, program design, including measures, goal-setting, and pay and performance alignment and other topics as the Committee deems appropriate • Is directly accountable to the Committee, which has sole authority to engage, dismiss, and approve the terms of engagement of the compensation consultant
CEO | • Evaluates performance of the executive officers other than his own • Makes recommendations to the Committee regarding base salary, annual incentive compensation targets, long-term cash incentive compensation targets, and long-term equity compensation for the executive officers other than himself
Other Executives: CFO, GC | • Makes recommendations to the CEO and Committee regarding officer annual and long-term incentive plan design and performance metrics • Provides officer compensation analysis in collaboration with the Committee’s independent consultant • Provides information and recommendations regarding board of director pay with oversight by the Committee’s independent consultant and the Board Committee on Directors and Governance During 2019, FW Cook
did not provide services to the Company other than services provided to the Committee as an independent advisor on executive and
non-employee director compensation 33 matters. The Committee assessed the independence
of FW Cook in accordance with applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding
independence of advisors to compensation committees. As part of this assessment, the Committee reviewed, among others, the independence
and conflict of interest policies of FW Cook as well as FW Cook’s relationship with the Company and the members of the Committee.
Based on this review and assessment, it is the Committee and the Company’s belief that the services provided by FW Cook
were independent and free from any conflict of interest. 2019 Compensation Components The table below summarizes
each of the Company’s 2019 compensation components and its role in the Company’s executive compensation program. Compensation Component | Role in the Executive Compensation Program
Base Salary | • Provides fixed compensation based on responsibility level, position held, job duties performance, years of experience in the position, and market value
Annual Incentive Compensation | • Motivates and rewards achieving annual financial and operational business objectives that are linked to the Company’s overall short-term business strategy
Long-Term Incentive Program | • Motivates NEOs to achieve longer-term financial goals that drive shareholder value through three components: 1. Performance-based restricted stock units (metric = relative TSR against peer group) – 40% weighted 2. Cash-based performance units (metrics = sales growth and ROIC) – 30% weighted, and 3. Time-based restricted stock units – 30% weighted • Promotes stock ownership and aligns incentive awards with stockholder interests • Rewards achievement of longer-term (three year) business objectives that are linked to the Company’s overall longer term business strategy and total return to stockholders; whereas the time-based restricted stock unit award encourages retention
Employee Stock Purchase Plan | • Allows substantially all full-time employees the ability to set aside money to purchase stock of the Company • Promotes stock ownership and aligns employees with stockholder interests
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan | • Permits deferral of compensation in excess of 401(k) statutory limits for tax advantaged savings • Provides officers and other executives with a savings opportunity comparable to other employees
Traditional Defined Benefit Pension Plan | • Promotes the long-term retention and financial health of key executives and employees to remain competitive with industry peers • Provides a defined benefit taking into consideration years of service, age and compensation Note: The Company’s traditional defined benefit pension plan is closed to new entrants. It will cease to provide accruals to existing participants at the end of 2028.
Restoration (Pension and Savings) Plans | • Provides competitive retirement benefit • Promotes long-term retention of key executives by providing an increasing value tied directly to length of service 34 Compensation Component | Role in the Executive Compensation Program
Note: The Company’s traditional pension plan is closed to new entrants. It will cease to provide accruals to existing participants at the end of 2028.
401(k) Plan | • Provides all regular domestic employees (full-time and part-time) with the ability to set aside compensation on a pre-tax basis subject to IRS guidelines for investment in various investment vehicles under the plan • Provides added retirement benefit by way of a competitive matching contribution to those employees not participating in the Company’s traditional pension plan
Limited Executive Perquisites | • Provides a competitive level, business-related benefit to the Company and assists with key aspects of employment: health and financial wellness
Post-Employment Agreements | • Delivers temporary income following an NEO’s involuntary termination of employment. In the case of change in control, provides continuity of management. 2019 Compensation Decisions and the
Basis for Decisions Base Salary Base salary is intended
to compensate the NEOs for performance of core job responsibilities and duties. Base salary drives other pay components in that
it is used to determine target values for annual incentive compensation, long-term incentive compensation, retirement benefit
calculations, severance protection, and change-in-control benefits. The Committee determines
and approves NEO salaries annually that reflect the value of the position measured by competitive market data, the NEOs’
individual performance, and the individual’s longer-term intrinsic value to the Company. For 2019, the NEO’s base salaries were increased
as shown in the table below: NEO | 2018 Base Salary | 2019 Base Salary | % difference
Mr. Adams | $ | 975,000 | $ | 1,000,000 | 2.6 | %
Mr. Tynan | $ | 559,200 | $ | 576,000 | 3.0 | %
Mr. Quinly | $ | 643,700 | $ | 663,000 | 3.0 | %
Mr. Ferdenzi | $ | 447,900 | $ | 470,300 | 5.0 | %
Mr. Farkas | $ | 325,000 | $ | 390,000 | 20.0 | % Mr. Farkas’ base
salary significantly increased in 2019 due to him assuming oversight responsibilities for the tax and treasury functions within
the organization. Mr. Farkas’ base salary remains within a competitive range of market median taking into account his expanded
role within the organization. Annual Incentive Compensation For 2019, the NEOs participated
in the Curtiss-Wright Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (“ICP”), and approved by the Company stockholders in
May 2011. The Company believes
that an important portion of the overall cash compensation for the NEOs should be contingent upon the successful achievement of
certain annual corporate financial and individual goals and objectives that contribute to enhanced shareholder value over time.
Accordingly, 80% of the NEO’s annual incentive target is tied to financial performance, while the remaining 20% is tied
to significant individual goals and objectives. 35 Similar to the process
described above to determine annual base salaries, the Committee annually establishes a target bonus opportunity for each NEO.
For 2019, each NEO had the following target bonus opportunity: NEO | 2019 Target Bonus (% of Base Salary)
Mr. Adams | 110 | %
Mr. Tynan | 75 | %
Mr. Quinly | 75 | %
Mr. Ferdenzi | 65 | %
Mr. Farkas | 55 | % For the 2019 ICP, the
Committee, in consultation with Management and FW Cook selected three financial measures and key individual performance-based
objectives for all NEOs as summarized in the table below, which includes respective weightings and rationale for each measure: Goal | Weighting | Rationale
Corporate Operating Income; “OI” | 30% | • Requires management to increase profitability • Is easily understood, measurable, and reflects management’s performance • Is a key driver of Company business strategy • Is correlated with the Company’s TSR
Operating Margin; “OM” | 20% | • Requires management to achieve profitability goals through effective margins • Is easily understood, measurable, and reflects management performance • Is a key driver of overall Company success and TSR
Working Capital; “WC” | 30% | • Requires management to reduce its working capital as a percentage of sales • Free cash flow enhances shareholder value by allowing Curtiss-Wright for example, to pursue acquisitions, pay dividends, and buy back stock
Individual Objectives | 20% | • Requires a portion of the annual incentive to be based on performance objectives for which each executive is directly responsible • Allows for differentiation of awards based on individual contributions • Supports leadership development and succession planning ICP Formula Payout = (30% of Target
x OI Performance Rating) + (20% of Target x OM Rating) + (30% of Target x WC Rating) + (20% of Target x Individual Rating) Any adjustments are
reviewed by FW Cook, approved by the Committee, and audited by our external and internal audit staff. These adjustments ensure
that Management makes decisions based on the best interests of the Company and stockholders. In 2019, the Committee made no adjustments
to the performance results of the Company. Goal Setting Process Annual ICP financial
performance goals are developed through a rigorous goal setting process to test the validity of the Company’s performance
objectives. In reviewing and setting performance 36 targets, the Committee considers the Company’s
five- year strategic plan, annual budget, the Company’s compensation structure, historical and forecasted performance for
the Company and its peer group, analyst estimates of prospective performance of the Company and its peer group, and the Company’s
cost of capital. Individual goals are developed independently between the respective NEO and the CEO. Individuals goals of the
CEO and each other NEO are then presented along with their rationale to the Committee for consideration and approval. All goals
are tied to strategic business needs for the coming year and are pushed down through the organization to align all incentive pay
participants with Company goals and objectives. The Committee believes that this approach provides consistency and continuity
in the execution of the Company’s short-term goals as well as a strategic tie to the accomplishment of the Company’s
long-term objectives. The goals set by the
Committee are designed to provide correlating pay for performance while targeting to the 50th percentile. For pay above the 50th
percentile, there must be a corresponding level of performance. 2019 Annual Incentive Compensation
(ICP) Payout No incentive is paid
if performance falls below threshold, and payouts are capped and may not exceed 200% of target. For 2019, the range of OI ($) performance was: OI Range of Performance | Corporate
Threshold | $377,366,811
Target | $401,881,588
Maximum | $421,975,667 For 2019, the target range of OM performance was: OM (%) Range of Performance | Corporate
Threshold | 15.0%
Target | 16.0%
Maximum | 16.5% For 2019, the target range of WC (% of Sales) performance was: WC Range of Performance | Corporate
Threshold | 22.3%
Target | 20.3%
Maximum | 19.3% Individual objectives
are generally measurable and weighted based on their relative importance to the goals of the business unit and the overall success
of the Company. Individual objectives can be quantitative or more subjective as long as they support operational success and reflect
management’s strategy. The Committee reviews each NEO’s individual performance. The CEO provides a rating between
1 (one) and 5 (five) for each of the NEOs’ objectives other than himself. A performance rating of 3 (three) equates to 100%
of target achievement; a 5 (five) represents 200% of target, or maximum achievement; and a 2 (two) represents 50% of target, or
threshold achievement. A participant does not receive an award for a rating of less than two. Each objective is multiplied by
its weighting and then 37 totaled for an overall rating. The overall
rating is then multiplied against 20% of the NEO’s ICP target award to derive a payout. Mr. Adams | Mr. Tynan | Mr. Quinly | Mr. Ferdenzi | Mr. Farkas
Individual Goal | Weight | Rating | Weight | Rating | Weight | Rating | Weight | Rating | Weight | Rating
Plan for Strategic Growth | 50% | 3.5
Senior Management/Board Succession Planning | 50% | 3.5
Drive Senior Management Succession Planning Process | 25% | 3.5
Drive Sales Growth | 25% | 3.3
Customer Satisfaction Initiatives | 20% | 4.5
Operating Margin Expansion | 30% | 4.5
Inventory Turns | 50% | 3.2 | 50% | 3.2
Accounts Receivable | 50% | 3.5
Tax Payments and Free Cash Flow | 30% | 4.0
Finance Transformation | 20% | 4.0
Client Satisfaction | 50% | 3.7
New Benefits Portal | 50% | 3.3
Total Score (% of target) | 3.5 | (125%) | 3.4 | (120%) | 4.0 | (150%) | 3.5 | (125%) | 3.6 | (130%) In order to assess the
NEOs’ individual performance, the Committee is provided with detailed supporting documentation. In awarding a rating to
each NEO, the Committee analyzes this supporting justification, and takes into account the Company’s overall performance
and the assessment of the Chief Executive Officer. In assessing each NEO’s
performance against his individual goals, the Committee considered the following: Named Executive Officer | Accomplishments
David C. Adams | • His strategic plan for growth and focus on future target markets • His review of key development plans and identification of potential successors to key roles
Glenn E. Tynan | • His effort to improve inventory turns throughout the Company • His leadership in a corporate-wide effort to eliminate past due receivables
Thomas P. Quinly | • His review of key development plans and identification of potential successors to key roles and to develop future operational leadership within the Company • His effort in implementing strategic plans to drive sales growth • His effort to lead key customer satisfaction improvements • His effort to drive operating margin expansion
Paul J. Ferdenzi | • His effort to elevate customer satisfaction between the legal department and internal clients • His effort to implement and communicate a new total rewards portal for all U.S. employees
K. Christopher Farkas | • His effort to improve inventory turns throughout the Company • His effort to improve tax payment forecasting • His effort to increase the efficiency of the finance department by restructuring the finance organization 38 The following table details the 2019 ICP payout to each NEO based
on actual financial results for the Company versus target and each NEO’s 2019 individual performance rating. Payouts are
based on base salary rate for portions of the year due to any mid-year base salary increases as discussed above. With regard to
the financial payout for the Company, the Company exceeded its targets on all three financial measures, which resulted in the payouts
in the table below. In no event may ICP awards for participants be
increased on a discretionary basis; however, the Committee does have the discretion to decrease the amount of any award paid to
any participant under the ICP. For 2019, the Committee exercised no such downward discretion. NEO | Target % of Base Salary | Goal | Weight | Actual Result | 2019 ICP Payout as % of Target | 2019 ICP Payout ($)
Mr. Adams | 105 | % | Individual Portion | 20 | % | 3.5 | 125 | % | $ | 275,000
OI Portion | 30 | % | $404M | 111 | % | $ | 366,300
OM Portion | 20 | % | 16.3% | 166 | % | $ | 365.300
WC Portion | 30 | % | 20.0% | 127 | % | $ | 419,100
Total Payout | 100 | % | $ | 1,425,600
Mr. Tynan | 75 | % | Individual Portion | 20 | % | 3.4 | 120 | % | $ | 103,680
OI Portion | 30 | % | $404M | 111 | % | $ | 143,856
OM Portion | 20 | % | 16.3% | 166 | % | $ | 143,424
WC Portion | 30 | % | 20.0% | 127 | % | $ | 164,592
Total Payout | 100 | % | $ | 555,552
Mr. Quinly | 75 | % | Individual Portion | 20 | % | 4.0 | 150 | % | $ | 149,175
OI Portion | 30 | % | $404M | 111 | % | $ | 165,584
OM Portion | 20 | % | 16.3% | 166 | % | $ | 165,087
WC Portion | 30 | % | 20.0% | 127 | % | $ | 189,452
Total Payout | 100 | % | $ | 669,299
Mr. Ferdenzi | 65 | % | Individual Portion | 20 | % | 3.5 | 125 | % | $ | 76,424
OI Portion | 30 | % | $404M | 111 | % | $ | 101,796
OM Portion | 20 | % | 16.3% | 166 | % | $ | 101,491
WC Portion | 30 | % | 20.0% | 127 | % | $ | 76,424
Total Payout | 100 | % | $ | 396,181
Mr. Farkas | 55 | % | Individual Portion | 20 | % | 3.6 | 130 | % | $ | 55,770
OI Portion | 30 | % | $404M | 111 | % | $ | 71,429
OM Portion | 20 | % | 16.3% | 166 | % | $ | 71,214
WC Portion | 30 | % | 20.0% | 127 | % | $ | 81,725
Total Payout | 100 | % | $ | 280,137 Key Changes to the Annual Incentive
Compensation Design for 2020 There were no changes made to the ICP metrics
and weightings for 2020. They will remain working capital as a percent of sales (30%), operating income (30%), operating margin
(20%), and individual goals (20%). Long-Term Incentive Program The Company’s long-term incentive plan (“LTIP”)
is designed to ensure its executive officers and key employees are focused on longer-term stockholder value creation through incentive
compensation that rewards for longer-term (i.e., three years or more) performance. In determining the 2019 LTIP grants, the Committee considered the
following factors: • | Continued focus on creating stockholder value to more closely align pay with performance
• | Targeting executives’ pay opportunities competitively with the market median
• | Rewarding each individual for his or her direct contribution to revenue and profitability of the business 39 Listed below are the 2019 target LTIP values for the NEOs: NEO | 2019 LTIP Value as % of Base Salary
Mr. Adams | 330%
Mr. Tynan | 190%
Mr. Quinly | 200%
Mr. Ferdenzi | 155%
Mr. Farkas | 100% If the NEOs drive Company performance that achieves
target levels, payouts will result in values that approximate market median LTIP payments. Key Changes to the 2019 LTIP Design
and Grants There were no changes made to the LTIP award mix
for 2019. In March 2019, the LTIP grants for NEOs consisted of equity-based performance share units (“PSUs”), cash-based
performance units (“PUs”), and time-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”). Consistent with 2018 weightings,
the 2019-2021 weighting for PUs placed a greater weight on total growth so that total sales growth performance outweighs ROIC by
a 60:40 split. The Committee believes the award mix summarized in the table below provides the proper amount of leverage in the
LTIP program. The LTIP components will balance the multiple interests of 1) significant pay at risk, 2) stockholder interests,
3) retention, and 4) internal and external performance goals. The three components chosen will each accomplish a different “mission”
in terms of incenting NEO performance. Long-Term Incentive Component (Weight) | Performance Condition/Vesting Schedule | Objective of Design
PSUs (40%) | • Three-year relative TSR against peer group | • Aligns pay with relative TSR • Aligns NEOs’ with shareholders’ interests
PUs (30%) | • Three-year average ROIC (weighted 40%) and three-year average total sales growth (weighted 60%) | • Focus on internal goals linked to long-term business strategy • Use of cash to mitigate dilution and burn rate concerns • Aligns NEOs’ with shareholders’ interests
RSUs (30%) | • Cliff vest 100% on the third anniversary of the date of grant | • Retention • Stock ownership • Strengthens alignment with shareholders Performance Share Units The target number of PSUs granted is calculated by multiplying
the total dollar value of the LTIP grant by the percentage of LTIP grant allocated to PSUs (40% for 2019) and dividing by the closing
price of the Company’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of the grant. The payout is determined based on the table below
in relation to peer performance. PSUs 2019-2021 Performance Period
TSR vs. Peer Percentile Rank | Payout as a % of Target (1)
Maximum | ≥ 75 | th | 200 | %
Target | 50 | th | 100 | %
Threshold | 25 | th | 25 | %
Below Threshold | < 25 | th | 0 | % (1) | Linear interpolation for performance between disclosed payout levels 40 Cash-Based Performance Units The target number of PUs granted is calculated
by multiplying the total dollar value of the LTIP grant by the percentage of LTIP grant allocated to PUs (30% for 2019). The 2017-2019 performance targets were based 40%
on three-year average total sales growth and 60% on three-year average ROIC. The Company believes that total sales growth and ROIC
are long-term drivers of stockholder value. • | ROIC is calculated as net operating profit after tax (excluding interest expense and other income) divided by average capital (beginning of year and end of year debt and equity)
• | Total sales growth is calculated by computing the average of the percentage increases in sales in each of the years within the performance period. The calculation excludes the effects of foreign currency translation as well as divestitures for which there is no comparable period. The number of units vesting can range from 0%
to 200% of target. Performance targets for each goal are established at the beginning of the performance period. Restricted Stock Units The number of RSUs granted is calculated in the
same manner as target number of PSUs and cliff vest in three years. Key Changes to the LTIP Design for
2020 For the 2020-2022 performance period, to reinforce
the Company’s strategy of focusing on profitable growth, the ROIC measure for PUs has been changed to adjusted earnings per
share, calculated consistently with the Company’s earnings releases. In addition, for the 2020-2022 performance period, the
TSR measure for PSUs changed from peer group performance to S&P Midcap 400 performance to align with peer group and industry
practices. 2017-2019 Long-Term Incentive Compensation
Payouts Performance Share Units In February 2020, a PSU payout was made for the
November 2016 PSU grants covering performance for 2017-2019. The payout for PSUs for the performance period 2017-2019 was a 133%
payout based on achievement of relative TSR at the peer group’s 57th percentile, which ranked seventh among peers. Cash-Based Performance Units In February 2020, a cash-based performance unit
payout was made to Messrs. Adams, Tynan, Quinly, Ferdenzi, and Farkas based on the cash-based performance unit grants covering
the 2017-2019 performance period. Awards were based upon achievement of the Company’s three-year average total sales growth
and its three-year average return on invested capital (ROIC). For this cash-based performance unit grant, ROIC was weighted at
60% and sales growth weighted at 40%. No incentive is paid if performance falls below Threshold, and payouts are capped and may
not exceed 200% of target. For the 2017-2019 performance period, the target
range of average sales growth and ROIC performance was: Sales Growth (%) | ROIC (%)
Threshold | 2.0 | 11.2
Target | 4.0 | 12.0
Maximum | 6.0 | 13.0 The NEO awards are listed in the Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement under the heading “Non-Equity Incentive
Plan Compensation” and detailed below. 41 The following table details results for the Company’s
cash-based performance unit payouts granted in November 2016. The performance period 2017-2019 resulted in performance of 16.0%
for ROIC and 5.5% for sales growth. This equates to a 200% payout based on ROIC performance and a 176% payout based on sales growth
performance, for a total payout percentage of 190%. Target
Performance | Payout | Performance
NEO | Units | Percent | Unit Payout
Adams | $ | 901,875 | 190 | % | $ | 1,713,563
Tynan | $ | 309,453 | 190 | % | $ | 587,961
Quinly | $ | 375,000 | 190 | % | $ | 712,500
Ferdenzi | $ | 166,374 | 190 | % | $ | 316,111
Farkas | $ | 58,800 | 190 | % | $ | 104,838 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company’s NEOs,
along with substantially all other full time Company employees, are eligible to participate in the Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The purpose of the ESPP is to encourage employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
to increase their ownership in the Company’s Common Stock. To achieve this purpose, the ESPP provides all participating
employees with the opportunity to purchase the Company’s Common Stock through a payroll deduction at a 15% discount of the
market value of the stock, unless (i) the employee owns more than 5% of the Company’s Common Stock or (ii) the employee
has the right to purchase under all Company employee stock purchase plans Company Common Stock that would accrue at a rate which
exceeds $25,000 in fair market value for each calendar year in which such right to purchase is outstanding. The ESPP is offered
in six-month “ offering periods ” commencing on January 1 and ending on June 30 (or if on a weekend the preceding
trading day) and commencing on July 1 and ending on December 31 (or if on a weekend the preceding trading day) of each year. At
the end of each offering period, participant contributions are used to purchase a number of shares of common stock (subject to
IRS limits), in an amount equal to 85% of the fair market value of the common stock on the last day of each offering period. An
employee who elects to participate in the ESPP will have payroll deductions made on each payday during the six-month period. During 2019, Messrs. Ferdenzi and Farkas participated
in the ESPP, purchasing 188 and 185 shares of Common Stock under the plan, respectively. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan The NEOs are also eligible
to participate in the Company’s non-qualified executive deferred compensation plan that allows participants to defer compensation
in excess of certain statutory limits that apply to traditional and 401(k) pension plans. Each participant may defer up to 25%
of their base salary; 50% of their annual performance bonus; and 50% of the cash portion of their long-term cash award. The rate
of interest is determined each year according to the average rate on 30-year Treasury bonds for November of the previous calendar
year, plus 2.0%. Thus, the rate fluctuates annually. The average 30-year Treasury bond rate for November 2018 was 3.36% and money
in the Plan earned 5.36% for 2019. Earnings begin accruing upon deposit and are compounded daily. Earnings are posted to the participants
account on the final day of each month. See “Deferred Compensation Plans” section on page 53 in this Proxy Statement. In 2019, the following NEOs participated in the executive deferred compensation plan: Messrs. Tynan, Quinly, and Ferdenzi. Mr.
Adams has made deferrals in prior years and continues to accrue benefits under the plan. Pension Plans The NEOs also participate in the Curtiss-Wright
Corporation Retirement Plan (the “Retirement Plan”) and the Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Benefits Restoration
Plan (the “Restoration Plan”). This is consistent with the Company’s philosophy that compensation should promote
the long-term retention and financial health of its employees and be competitive with industry peers. The Company’s retirement
plans integrate other components of the Company’s executive compensation 42 program by generally including base salary and cash incentive compensation
in determining retirement plan benefits. The Retirement Plan is a tax qualified, defined
benefit plan made up of two separate benefits: (1) a traditional, final average pay (FAP) formula component (this benefit was closed
to new entrants as of February 1, 2010 and has a 15 year sunset period commencing on January 1, 2014) and (2) a cash balance component
(this benefit was closed to future participants and pay credits ceased as of January 1, 2014, although interest continues to accrue
on accounts). Both plans are non-contributory and employees hired prior to its close participate in one or both of the benefits,
including the NEOs. On September 1, 1994, the Company amended and
restated the Retirement Plan, and any benefits accrued as of August 31, 1994 were transferred into the amended Retirement Plan.
The Retirement Plan, as amended, provides for an annual benefit at age 65 of 1.5% times the five year final average compensation
in excess of social security covered compensation, plus 1% of the five year final average compensation up to social security covered
compensation, in each case multiplied by the participant’s years of service after September 1, 1994, not to exceed 35. Funds
contributed to the Cash Balance portion of the Plan before it was frozen are credited to a notional cash balance account that grows
with interest based on the rates each December for 30-Year Treasury Bonds. As of January 1, 2015, no NEO had accrued any
pension benefits prior to the plan merger in 1994: Mr. Adams, Mr. Tynan, Mr. Ferdenzi, Mr. Quinly, and Mr. Farkas commenced their
employment with the Company after September 1, 1994, and therefore did not accrue a monthly pension under the Retirement Plan prior
to September 1, 1994; however, they continue to accrue a benefit under the amended Retirement Plan. The Company maintains an unfunded,
non-qualified Restoration Plan under which participants in the Retirement Plan whose compensation or benefits exceed the limits
imposed by I.R.C. Sections 401(a) (17) and 415 will receive a supplemental retirement benefit that restores the amount that would
have been payable under the Retirement Plan except for the application of such limits. Since the Restoration Plan benefits are not funded,
in the event of a change in control, the Company has agreed to fund a Rabbi Trust in place through an agreement between the Company
and PNC Bank, N.A., dated January 30, 1998, which provides for the payment of the Company’s obligation under the Restoration
Plan. Since the Company provided a traditional final
average pay benefit under the Retirement Plan, the Company did not offer any Company-source contributions to NEO’s under
the Company’s 401(k) savings Plan. However, NEO’s can elect to defer up to 75% of their own annual cash compensation
per year on a tax-deferred basis subject to the IRS Elective Deferral limit within the Plan. For 2019, the pre-tax contribution
limit was 9.0%, and the after-tax Plan contribution limit for a highly compensated employee was limited to 3.0%. Executive Perquisites In addition to the standard benefit plans offered
to all employees, the NEOs are eligible for a conservative level of executive perquisites, well within market practices. Perquisites
include financial planning and income tax preparation, a Company automobile or automobile allowance, and executive physicals for
the executive and his or her spouse. The Committee and outside Consultant have agreed that the overall level of perquisites the
Company provides to its NEOs is reasonable and consistent with that of its peers. Policies concerning equity-based
and other long-term incentive compensation Equity Ownership and Other Requirements
for Senior Executives To further align the linkage between the interests
of the NEOs and those of its stockholders, the Company requires the CEO and all other NEOs to own Company stock denominated as
a multiple of their annual salaries as follows: five times annual salary for the CEO and three times annual salary for NEOs that
directly report to the CEO, and two times annual salary for all other NEOs. All share-based long-term incentive plan grants,
including any vested stock options (post-2005 grants), are subject to the Guidelines, and 50% of the net proceeds of a stock based
grant vested or 43 exercised (current market value of shares less the strike price)
must be retained in Company stock. There is no fixed timeframe to achieve the Guidelines. However, until the Guidelines are satisfied,
the NEO is only permitted to sell 50% of the vesting award to cover the NEO’s income tax obligations. Once the ownership
thresholds are fully met and maintained, the holding limits are removed on any and all earned and vested shares above the ownership
guideline. Clawback Policy In the event the amount of any incentive compensation
award is based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria, or
if a participant is one of the individuals subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and has committed an offense subject to forfeiture under such statute, the participant must reimburse the Company that portion
of the incentive compensation award that was based on the inaccurate data or as provided for in such statute. Prohibition of Insider Trading, Hedging,
and Pledging The Company maintains an insider trading policy
for all of its employees (including the NEOs and other officers) and members of the Board of Directors that prohibits the purchase
or sale of Company equity securities while being aware of material, non-public information about the Company as well as the disclosure
of such information to others who may trade in equity securities of the Company. The Company’s Code of Conduct prohibits
all employees (including the NEOs and other officers) from purchasing, selling or otherwise utilizing financial instruments, including
but not limited to, prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options,
equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect
of hedging or offsetting a change in the market price of the Company’s equity securities. Additionally, the Company’s 2014 Omnibus
Incentive Plan prohibits members of the Board of Directors and all employees (including the NEOs and other officers) from engaging
in the following transactions with respect to Company equity securities from awards under the plan: • | purchasing, selling, or otherwise utilizing financial instruments, including but not limited to, prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a change in the market price of Company equity securities; and
• | pledging Company equity securities (including holding Company equity securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company equity securities as collateral for a loan). Other Policies Use of Tax Gross-up The Company’s existing
NEO Change-in-Control agreements (except for Messrs. Quinly, Ferdenzi and Farkas who became executive officers after 2008) provide
for a supplemental cash payment to the extent necessary to preserve the level of benefits in the event of the imposition of excise
taxes payable by a participant in respect of “ excess parachute payments ” under Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code. The Company has not entered into a new agreement that includes tax gross-ups since 2008 and is committed to excluding
this provision in any future agreements. Tax Deductibility Prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Section 162(m)
of the Internal Revenue Code generally disallowed a tax deduction to public corporations for compensation over $1,000,000 paid
for any fiscal year to the Company’s CEO and up to three other executive officers other than the CFO. However, certain performance-based
compensation was exempt from the deduction limit if specific requirements 44 were met. The Committee structured awards to executive officers under
the Company’s ICP and equity awards program to qualify for this exemption. However, the 162(m) exception to the deduction
limit for performance-based compensation has been repealed, effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, such
that compensation paid to our covered executive officers, including the CFO, in excess of $1,000,000 will not be deductible. Qualifying
compensation that the Company pays pursuant to a binding contract that was in effect on November 2, 2017 and is not materially
modified after that date will continue to be exempt from the deduction limit under a grandfathering rule. While the Company will
continue to monitor its compensation programs in light of Section 162(m), as amended, the Committee considers it important to retain
the flexibility to design compensation programs that are in the best long-term interests of the Company and its stockholders. As
a result, the Committee will continue to take into account the tax and accounting implications (including with respect to the expected
lack of deductibility under the revised Section 162(m)) when making compensation decisions, but reserves its right to make compensation
decisions based on other factors as well if the Committee determines it is in its best interests to do so. Accordingly, the Company
may pay compensation at levels that are not deductible under Section 162(m). The following report of the Executive Compensation
Committee does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company
filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates
this report by reference therein. Executive Compensation
Committee Report The Executive Compensation Committee has reviewed
and discussed this CD&A (included in this Proxy Statement) with Management. Based upon the Executive Compensation Committee’s
review and discussions referred to above, the Executive Compensation Committee recommended that the Board of Directors include
this CD&A in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
S. Marce Fuller, Chairperson Dean M. Flatt Robert J. Rivet Peter C. Wallace Risk Consideration in the Overall Compensation
Program for 2019 In 2019, the Executive Compensation Committee,
with the assistance of Management and the oversight of FW Cook, assessed the Company’s executive and broad-based compensation
and benefits programs to determine if the programs’ provisions and operations create undesired or unintentional risk of a
material nature. The Executive Compensation Committee concluded in this risk assessment that these programs have been designed
and administered in a manner that discourages undue risk-taking by employees, including a number of features of the programs that
are designed to mitigate risk, including: • | Limits on annual and long-term performance awards, thereby defining and capping potential payouts
• | Proportionately greater award opportunity derived from the long-term incentive program compared to annual incentive plan, creating a greater focus on sustained Company performance over time
• | Use of three distinct long-term equity incentive vehicles—restricted stock units, long-term cash-based performance units, and performance shares—that vest over a number of years, thereby providing strong incentives for sustained operational and financial performance 45 • | Use of balanced measures, including top and bottom line measures, income and balance sheet statement measures, and short- and long-term measurement periods
• | Stock ownership guidelines for senior executives that ensure alignment with stockholder interests over the long term
• | Incorporation of an individual performance score, ranging from one 1.0 to five 5.0, as a key factor in the total annual incentive calculation, thereby enabling the Committee to direct a zero payout for the 20% individual-performance component to any executive in any year if the individual executive is deemed to have sufficiently poor performance or is found to have engaged in activities that pose a financial, operational or other undue risk to the Company
• | A formal clawback policy For the foregoing reasons, the Committee has concluded
that the Company’s compensation policies and practices do not encourage excessive and unnecessary risk-taking, and that the
level of risk is appropriate for the best interests of stockholders. Post-Employment Agreements Severance Agreements The Company has At-will severance agreements with
Messrs. Adams, Tynan, Quinly, Ferdenzi, and Farkas. In the case of involuntary termination of employment other than termination
for cause (as defined in the agreements), failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement, voluntary resignation
of employment by the employee, and voluntary retirement by the employee, these agreements provide in the case of Mr. Adams two
years’ base salary and annual target bonus as the payment of severance pay, and, in the case of all other NEOs, the equivalent
of one year’s base salary and annual target bonus to be paid at the time of termination, as well as the continued availability
of certain employee health and welfare benefits for a minimum period of one year following termination. The agreements provide
that such pay and benefits also would be made available in the case of voluntary retirement or termination of employment that is
the direct result of a significant change in the terms or conditions of employment, including a reduction in compensation or job
responsibilities. At the employee’s option, the severance pay may be received over the two-year period following termination,
in which case the employee benefits would continue in effect for the same period. The agreements further provide that the payment
of severance pay and the availability of benefits are contingent upon a number of conditions, including the employee’s performance
of his or her obligations pursuant to the agreement, specifically to provide consulting services, release the Company from any
employment related claims, and not compete with the Company for a period of 12 months. Change-in-Control Agreements The Company has Change-in-Control severance protection
agreements with Messrs. Adams, Tynan, Quinly, Ferdenzi, and Farkas. The agreements with Messrs. Adams, Tynan, and Quinly provide
for payment of severance pay equal to three times while Mr. Ferdenzi provides for two and one half times and Mr. Farkas provides
for two times the sum of the executive’s base salary and the greater of (i) the annual target incentive grant in the year
the executive is terminated or (ii) the annual incentive paid under the annual incentive plan immediately prior to the executive’s
termination. These amounts shall be paid in a single lump sum cash payment within ten (10) days after the executive’s termination
date. The agreements also call for the continued availability of certain employee benefits for a period of two to three years following
termination of employment. All agreements have a double trigger, i.e. severance
may be paid in the event that (1) there is a change-in-control of the Company, as that term is defined in the agreements, and (2)
the covered executive’s employment is formally or constructively terminated by the Company within twenty-four months following
the change-in-control. Accordingly, if the Company terminates the employment without “cause” of an NEO during the two-year
period following a change-in-control, or if the NEO terminates the NEO’s employment with the Company with “good reason,”
then the NEO is entitled to certain compensation and benefits provided for in the agreement. The agreements define “cause”
as (a) a conviction of a felony, (b) intentionally engaging in illegal or willful misconduct that demonstrably and 46 materially injures the Company, or (c) intentional and continual
failure to substantially perform assigned duties which failure continues after written notice and a 30-day cure period. The agreements
also define “good reason” as (a) adverse change in status, title, position, or responsibilities, (b) reduction in salary,
(c) relocation of more than 25 miles, (d) the Company’s failure to pay the covered individual in accordance with its compensation
policies; or (e) a reduction in benefits. The agreements for all NEOs except Messrs. Quinly, Ferdenzi, and Farkas are “grandfathered”
to renew automatically each year. Consistent with best practices, all future executive officer change-in-control agreements elected
as executive officers after January 1, 2008, must be approved and renewed annually by the Committee. Pay Ratio Disclosure Rule In accordance with rules adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Company is providing the following information concerning the ratio of the Company’s median
employee’s annual total compensation to the total annual compensation of the Company’s principal executive officer
(“PEO”). The Company’s PEO is David C. Adams. The Committee does not use this ratio as it considers appropriate
compensation for the PEO. Management does not use this ratio when determining compensation for the rest of the workforce. The Company identified
the median employee by utilizing base salary as of December 1, 2019 and adding any target bonus to that amount, for all individuals,
excluding the PEO, who were employed by the Company on December 31, 2019, the last day of the Company’s payroll year (whether
employed on a full-time, part-time, or seasonal basis). In addition, the Company also excluded all independent contractors. The
Company further converted all other currencies to U.S. dollars as of December 1, 2019, irrespective of currency fluctuations over
the course of the year. Finally, the Company elected to use the de minimis exemption for non-U.S. employees to exclude
4.5% of the Company’s non-U.S. employees. The list of jurisdictions for which these employees are excluded, the approximate
number of employees excluded from each jurisdiction, the total number of U.S. and non-U.S. employees irrespective of any exemption
(data privacy or de minimis ), and the total number of U.S. and non-U.S. employees used for the de minimis calculation
are set forth in the table below. Total Number of U.S.
and non-U.S. | Total Number of U.S.
Approximate Number | Employees irrespective | and non-U.S.
of non-U.S. Employees | of any exemption (data | Employees used for de
Jurisdictions | Excluded | privacy or de minimis ) | minimis calculation
India | 108 | 9,301 | 9,301
Costa Rica | 77
France | 70
Sweden | 45
Singapore | 39
Portugal | 25
Spain | 17
Netherlands | 10
Belgium | 5
Brazil | 6
Poland | 6
Taiwan | 5
Korea | 6
Austria | 1
Hong Kong | 1 After identifying the median employee, the Company
calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology the Company uses for the named executive officers
as set forth in the 2019 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement. The total compensation amount for the median employee
for 2019 was determined to be $57,569. This total compensation amount was then compared to the total compensation of the PEO disclosed
in the Summary Compensation Table, of $9,185,016. Based on this information for 2019, the ratio of the PEO’s annual total
compensation to the annual total compensation of the median employee was 160:1. 47 EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION The following table
shows the potential incremental value transfer to the NEOs under various employment related scenarios. Potential Post-Employment
Payment Termination Scenario | David C. Adams | Glenn E. Tynan | Thomas P. Quinly | Paul J. Ferdenzi | K. Christopher Farkas
If Retirement or Voluntary Termination Occurred on December 31, 2019 (a) (b) | $ | 6,902,613 | $ | 1,439,258 | $ | 1,972,841 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
If Termination for Cause Occurred on December 31, 2019 (c) | $ | 119,345 | $ | 309,880 | $ | 630,038 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
If Termination Without Cause Occurred on December 31, 2019 (d) | $ | 11,848,914 | $ | 2,916,805 | $ | 3,548,513 | $ | 775,995 | $ | 642,641
If “Change In Control” Termination Occurred on December 31, 2019 (e) | $ | 16,934,285 | $ | 6,638,959 | $ | 10,072,358 | $ | 3,036,810 | $ | 1,937,023
If Death Occurred on December 31, 2019 (f)(g) | $ | 7,583,269 | $ | 2,450,082 | $ | 5,508,924 | $ | 1,670,608 | $ | 1,279,556 (a) | Mr. Adams is eligible for Full Retirement. Messrs. Tynan and Quinly are eligible for Early Retirement. Messrs. Ferdenzi and Farkas are not yet eligible for Early Retirement.
(b) | Includes (1) intrinsic value of any unvested/unearned cash-based performance units, restricted stock units, and performance shares on December 31, 2019 that would vest after the date of termination or retirement, and (2) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2019) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.
(c) | Includes incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2019) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.
(d) | Includes (1) intrinsic value of any unvested/unearned cash-based performance units, restricted stock units, and performance shares on December 31, 2019 that would vest after the date of termination for retirement-eligible executives, (2) severance payout (salary plus target bonus), and (3) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2019) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.
(e) | Includes (1) change-in-control severance payout, (2) accelerated vesting of retention agreement for Mr. Quinly, (3) present value of any accelerated vesting of cash-based performance units, performance shares, and restricted stock units on December 31, 2019, (4) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2019) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, including additional three years of benefit accrual per change-in-control agreements for Messrs. Adams, Tynan, and Quinly, an additional two and a half years for Mr. Ferdenzi, and an additional two years for Mr. Farkas, assuming the executive elects immediate payout, and (5) gross-up payment per change-in-control agreements.
(f) | Includes (1) accelerated vesting of retention agreement for Mr. Quinly, (2) present value of any accelerated vesting of cash-based performance units, performance shares, and restricted stock units on December 31, 2019, (3) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2019) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout, and (4) value of Company-paid basic life insurance policy.
(g) | Depending on circumstances of death, all employees may also be eligible for Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) insurance payment and Business Travel Accident insurance payment. 48 The following table sets forth information concerning the total
compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and the other NEOs of the Company
who had the highest aggregate total compensation for the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. Summary
Compensation Table Change in Pension Value and
Stock Awards ($) | Non-Equity Incentive | Nonqualified
Performance | Restricted | Plan Compensation | Deferred | All Other
Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary (a) | Bonus | Share Units (b) | Stock Units (c) | Option Awards | Annual Plan (d) | Long-Term Plan (e) | Compensation Earnings (f) | Compensation (g) | Total (h)
David C. Adams – | 2019 | $ | 995,192 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,215,078 | $ | 965,299 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,425,600 | $ | 1,713,563 | $ | 2,830,508 | $ | 39,775 | $ | 9,185,016
Chairman and Chief | 2018 | $ | 961,538 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,221,036 | $ | 915,710 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,565,314 | $ | 1,482,975 | $ | 1,329,795 | $ | 39,056 | $ | 7,515,425
Executive Officer | 2017 | $ | 925,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,654,039 | $ | 933,300 | $ | 1,996,954 | $ | 36,835 | $ | 5,546,128
Glenn E. Tynan – | 2019 | $ | 572,769 | $ | 0 | $ | 401,205 | $ | 318,786 | $ | 0 | $ | 555,552 | $ | 587,961 | $ | 1,499,321 | $ | 30,317 | $ | 3,965,912
Vice President and Chief | 2018 | $ | 559,200 | $ | 0 | $ | 424,938 | $ | 318,737 | $ | 0 | $ | 649,651 | $ | 522,976 | $ | 455,782 | $ | 33,668 | $ | 2,964,952
Financial Officer | 2017 | $ | 554,812 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 696,150 | $ | 367,598 | $ | 773,096 | $ | 37,354 | $ | 2,429,010
Thomas P. Quinly – | 2019 | $ | 655,577 | $ | 0 | $ | 486,146 | $ | 386,188 | $ | 0 | $ | 669,299 | $ | 712,500 | $ | 1,551,050 | $ | 21,870 | $ | 4,482,630
Vice President and Chief | 2018 | $ | 638,666 | $ | 0 | $ | 499,983 | $ | 374,953 | $ | 0 | $ | 747,818 | $ | 608,400 | $ | 548,724 | $ | 9,703 | $ | 3,428,247
Operating Officer | 2017 | $ | 625,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 793,594 | $ | 439,200 | $ | 768,731 | $ | 25,189 | $ | 2,651,714
Paul J. Ferdenzi | 2019 | $ | 465,992 | $ | 0 | $ | 262,159 | $ | 208,283 | $ | 0 | $ | 396,181 | $ | 316,111 | $ | 1,333,747 | $ | 18,403 | $ | 3,000,876
Vice President, General | 2018 | $ | 442,165 | $ | 0 | $ | 221,883 | $ | 166,345 | $ | 0 | $ | 459,702 | $ | 272,986 | $ | 248,198 | $ | 21,960 | $ | 1,833,240
Counsel, and Corporate | 2017 | $ | 426,600 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 477,771 | $ | 171,288 | $ | 555,625 | $ | 30,245 | $ | 1,661,529
Secretary
K. Christopher Farkas | 2019 | $ | 377,500 | $ | 0 | $ | 135,034 | $ | 107,294 | $ | 0 | $ | 280,137 | $ | 104,838 | $ | 377,081 | $ | 28,122 | $ | 1,410,006
Vice President Finance | 2018 | $ | 322,908 | $ | 0 | $ | 130,042 | $ | 97,531 | $ | 0 | $ | 253,338 | $ | 88,754 | $ | 70,363 | $ | 26,953 | $ | 989,888
and Corporate Controller (a) | Includes amounts deferred under the Company’s Savings and Investment Plan and Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.
(b) | Includes grants of performance share units as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. As disclosed in the Company’s 2018 Proxy Statement, due to consolidation of year-end compensation processes into a “Total Compensation Review” model, there was a change in the timing of target incentives from November of the year prior to the three-year performance period to March, effective March 2018. As a result, there were no grants of performance share units in November 2017. The values shown represent the grant date fair value of the grants at target. Performance share units have a maximum payout of 200% at target.
(c) | Includes grants of time-based restricted stock units as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. As disclosed in the Company’s 2018 Proxy Statement, due to consolidation of year-end compensation processes into a “Total Compensation Review” model, there was a change in the timing of target incentives from November of the year prior to the three-year performance period to March, effective March 2018. As a result, there were no grants of restricted stock units in November 2017. The values shown represent the grant date fair value of the grants at target.
(d) | Includes payments made based on the Company’s annual Incentive Compensation Plan for performance during the year.
(e) | Includes the maturity of cash-based performance unit grants made under the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan.
(f) | Represents annual change in the actuarial accumulated present value (APV) of accumulated pension benefits.
(g) | Includes personal use of company car, payments for executive physicals, financial counseling, premium payments for executive life insurance paid by the Company during the covered fiscal year for term life insurance and accidental death and disability insurance.
(h) | Amounts in this column may not add due to rounding. The Company’s executive officers are not employed through
formal employment agreements. It is the philosophy of the Committee to promote a competitive at-will employment environment, which
would be impaired by lengthy employment arrangements. The Committee provides proper long-term 49 compensation incentives with competitive salaries and bonuses
to ensure that senior management remains actively and productively employed with the Company. The Company believes perquisites for executive officers should
be limited in scope and value and aligned with peer group practices as described earlier. As a result, the Company has historically
given nominal perquisites. The below table generally illustrates the perquisites the Company provides to its NEOs. The Company also maintains a policy concerning executive automobiles
under which certain officers of the Company are eligible to use Company leased automobiles or receive an equivalent automobile
allowance. The NEOs participate in this program. The Company maintains the service and insurance on Company leased automobiles.
In addition to the Company automobile policy, the Company also provides all executive officers with financial planning and tax
preparation services through The Ayco Company, LP and Ernst & Young Americas LLC. Not all executive officers utilize these
services on an annual basis. Finally, all executive officers and their spouses are provided annual physicals through the Mayo Clinic
at any one of the clinic’s three locations. Perquisites
and Benefits Name | Automobile (a) | Financial Planning | Executive Physical
David C. Adams | $ | 20,354 | $ | 12,000 | $ | 692
Glenn E. Tynan | $ | 12,931 | $ | 12,000 | $ | 1,162
Thomas P. Quinly | $ | 5,685 | $ | 12,000 | $ | 278
Paul J. Ferdenzi | $ | 13,045 | $ | 3,659 | $ | 0
K. Christopher Farkas | $ | 14,144 | $ | 12,480 | $ | 0 (a) | Represents the personal use of Company-leased automobiles. The Company’s executive officers are entitled to receive
medical benefits, life and disability insurance benefits, and to participate in the Company’s Savings and Investment Plan,
Defined Benefit Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, flexible spending accounts, and disability plans on the same basis as other
full-time employees of the Company. The Company also offers a nonqualified executive deferred compensation
plan, in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, whereby eligible executives, including the NEOs, may elect to defer additional
cash compensation on a tax-deferred basis. The deferred compensation accounts are maintained on the Company’s financial statements
and accrue interest at the rate of (i) the average annual rate of interest payable on United States Treasury Bonds of 30 years
maturity as determined by the Federal Reserve Board, plus (ii) 2%. Earnings are credited to executives’ accounts on a monthly
basis. 50 Grants of Plan-Based
Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under | Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities | Exercise or Base Price of | Grant Date Fair Value of
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards | Plan Awards | of Stock | Underlying | Option | Stock and
Name | Plan Name | Grant Date | Number of Units | Threshold ($) | Target ($) | Max ($) | Threshold (#) | Target (#) | Max (#) | or Units (#) | Options (#) | Awards ($/Sh) | Option Awards
David C. Adams | ICP (a) | 3 | /14/2019 | $ | 550,000 | $ | 1,100,000 | $ | 2,200,000
LTI (b) | 3 | /14/2019 | 965,250 | $ | 482,625 | $ | 965,250 | $ | 1,930,500
LTI (c) | 3 | /14/2019 | 5,300 | 10,600 | 21,200 | $1,215,078
LTI (d) | 3 | /14/2019 | 8,421 | $ 965,299
Glenn E. Tynan | ICP (a) | 3 | /14/2019 | $ | 216,000 | $ | 432,000 | $ | 864,000
LTI (b) | 3 | /14/2019 | 318,744 | $ | 159,372 | $ | 318,744 | $ | 637,488
LTI (c) | 3 | /14/2019 | 1,750 | 3,500 | 7,000 | $ 401,205
LTI (d) | 3 | /14/2019 | 2,781 | $ 318,786
Thomas P. Quinly | ICP (a) | 3 | /14/2019 | $ | 248,625 | $ | 497,250 | $ | 994,500
LTI (b) | 3 | /14/2019 | 386,220 | $ | 193,110 | $ | 386,220 | $ | 772,440
LTI (c) | 3 | /14/2019 | 2,121 | 4,241 | 8,482 | $ 486,146
LTI (d) | 3 | /14/2019 | 3,369 | $ 386,188
Paul J. Ferdenzi | ICP (a) | 3 | /14/2019 | $ | 152,848 | $ | 305,695 | $ | 611,390
LTI (b) | 3 | /14/2019 | 208,274 | $ | 104,137 | $ | 208,274 | $ | 416,547
LTI (c) | 3 | /14/2019 | 1,144 | 2,287 | 4,574 | $ 262,159
LTI (d) | 3 | /14/2019 | 1,817 | $ 208,283
K. Christopher Farkas | ICP (a) | 3 | /14/2019 | $ | 107,250 | $ | 214,500 | $ | 429,000
LTI (b) | 3 | /14/2019 | 107,250 | $ | 53,625 | $ | 107,250 | $ | 214,500
LTI (c) | 3 | /14/2019 | 589 | 1,178 | 2,356 | $ 135,034
LTI (d) | 3 | /14/2019 | 936 | $ 107,294 (a) | Values in this row represent the Company’s annual Incentive Compensation Plan, which were approved on March 14, 2019 for performance during fiscal 2019. The incentive plan threshold, target, and maximum are subject to change as salaries change.
(b) | Values in this row represent grants of cash-based performance units made under the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan.
(c) | Values in this row represent grants of performance share units as part of the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan.
(d) | Values in this row represent grants of restricted stock units as part of the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan. The NEOs are paid dividends on restricted stock awards only.
These dividends are reinvested into the restricted stock awards and are subject to the same limitations and restrictions as the
original restricted stock award. The plan specifically prohibits the re-pricing of options and requires that any equity-based grants
be issued based on the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock as reported by the NYSE on the date of the grant. The Committee granted cash-based performance units, performance
shares, and restricted stock units in March 2019 to the NEOs. The cash-based performance units and performance shares units will
mature in December 2021 and will be paid in early 2022, if the financial goals are attained, and the restricted stock units will
vest in March 2022. The values shown in the table reflect the potential value at a target value of one dollar per unit payable
at the end of the three-year performance period and one stock unit convertible into one share of Common Stock if the objectives
are attained. The chart also reflects the fact that each stock unit may be worth a maximum of approximately two dollars or two
shares if all performance targets are substantially exceeded, or nothing at all if performance thresholds are not met. 51 The
following table sets forth the outstanding equity awards of the NEOs. Some of the grants disclosed below are not yet vested and
are subject to forfeiture under certain conditions. Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options | Option Exercise Price | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (a) | Market Value of Shares or Units that Have Not Vested ($) (a) | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($)
David C. Adams | 12,153 | 1,712,236 | (c)
6,760 | 952,416 | 9,014 | 1,269,982 | (d)
8,421 | 1,186,435 | 10,600 | 1,493,434 | (e)
Glenn E. Tynan | 4,170 | 587,511 | (c)
2,353 | 331,514 | 3,137 | 441,972 | (d)
2,781 | 391,815 | 3,500 | 493,115 | (e)
Thomas P. Quinly | 28,818 | 4,060,168 | (b)
5,053 | 711,917 | (c)
2,768 | 389,984 | 3,691 | 520,025 | (d)
3,369 | 474,658 | 4,241 | 597,514 | (e)
Paul J. Ferdenzi | 2,242 | 315,875 | (c)
1,228 | 173,013 | 1,638 | 230,778 | (d)
1,817 | 255,997 | 2,287 | 322,215 | (e)
K. Christopher Farkas | 744 | 104,822 | (c)
720 | 101,441 | 960 | 135,254 | (d)
936 | 131,873 | 1,178 | 165,968 | (e) (a) | Represents unvested restricted stock units granted as part of the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $140.89, the closing price of Company common stock on December 31, 2019.
(b) | Represents retention grant of restricted stock units for Mr. Quinly. Stock price used to determine value is $140.89, the closing price of Company common stock on December 31, 2019.
(c) | Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted November 17, 2016 as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $140.89, the closing price of Company common stock on December 31, 2019. Performance-based share units were earned as common stock in 2020 contingent upon the extent to which previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31, 2019. These shares are no longer outstanding as of the date of this filing.
(d) | Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted March 15, 2018 as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $140.89, the closing price of Company common stock on December 31, 2019. Performance-based share units will be earned as common stock early in 2021 contingent upon the extent to which previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31, 2020.
(e) | Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted March 14, 2019 as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $140.89, the closing price of Company common stock on December 31, 2019. Performance-based share units will be earned as common stock early in 2022 contingent upon the extent to which previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31, 2021. 52 The
following table sets forth information regarding options exercised and stock vested during calendar year 2019. Option
Exercises and Stock Vested Option Awards | Stock Awards (a)
Name | Number of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise (#) | Value Realized Upon Exercise ($) | Number of Shares Acquired Upon Vesting (#) | Value Realized Upon Exercise ($)
David C. Adams | 0 | $0 | 31,187 | $ | 3,853,981
Glenn E. Tynan | 0 | $0 | 10,909 | $ | 1,346,540
Thomas P. Quinly | 0 | $0 | 12,845 | $ | 1,588,236
Paul J. Ferdenzi | 0 | $0 | 5,743 | $ | 709,754
K. Christopher Farkas | 0 | $0 | 1,878 | $ | 232,289 (a) | Stock Awards includes the vesting of the November 23, 2015 Performance Share Unit grant (for performance period 2016-2018) and the November 17, 2016 Restricted Stock grant plus reinvested dividends. Deferred Compensation Plans The
following table shows the deferred compensation activity for the NEOs during 2019. This table does not include the nonqualified
Restoration Plan since these totals are provided separately in the Pension Benefit Table below. Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation Name | Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($) (a) | Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($) | Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year ($) | Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) | Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End ($)
David C. Adams | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 273,309 | $ | 0 | $ | 5,248,694
Glenn E. Tynan | $ | 93,603 | $ | 0 | $ | 71,116 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,390,143
Thomas P. Quinly | $ | 690,033 | $ | 0 | $ | 131,775 | $ | 0 | $ | 2,694,416
Paul J. Ferdenzi | $ | 229,772 | $ | 0 | $ | 69,350 | $ | 0 | $ | 1,383,549
K. Christopher Farkas | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 (a) | Amounts reported in this column represent salary and incentive payments deferred in 2019, and such amounts are also included in the corresponding columns of the Summary Compensation Table. Total Pension Benefit Payable to
Executive Officers The
estimated total pension benefit payable under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the nonqualified Curtiss-Wright Restoration
Plan described above in “Pension Plans” to the NEOs at retirement age 65 is also described in the following table as
a total lump sum payable from each of these plans, based on benefits earned through December 31, 2019. Participants must choose
to receive benefits under the Retirement Plan and the Restoration Plan either through annuity payments or as a lump sum. 53 Qualified Pension
Benefit Name | Plan Name (a) | Number of Years Credited Service | Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (b) ($) | Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($)
David C. Adams | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan | 20 | $ | 2,293,142 | $0
Glenn E. Tynan | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan | 20 | $ | 1,535,122 | $0
Thomas P. Quinly | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan | 15 | $ | 1,102,261 | $0
Paul J. Ferdenzi | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan | 21 | $ | 1,325,918 | $0
K. Christopher Farkas | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan | 11 | $ | 433,561 | $0 (a) | The Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan is a defined benefit pension plan providing qualified retirement benefits to eligible employees of the Curtiss-Wright Corporation. Benefits are based on a formula, which takes account of service and the average of the highest five consecutive years of a participant’s pay within the last 10 years of employment. Normal retirement is the later of age 65 or three years of service. Unreduced early retirement benefits may be payable if age is greater than 55 and the sum of age and service exceeds 80.
(b) | The present value of the accumulated benefit was determined as of December 31, 2019, the measurement date used for pension disclosure in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification 715. Non-Qualified
Pension Benefit Name | Plan Name (a) | Number of Years Credited Service | Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (b) ($) | Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($)
David C. Adams | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan | 20 | $ | 12,626,186 | $0
Glenn E. Tynan | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan | 20 | $ | 6,190,054 | $0
Thomas P. Quinly | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan | 15 | $ | 4,773,221 | $0
Paul J. Ferdenzi | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan | 21 | $ | 3,025,120 | $0
K. Christopher Farkas | Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan | 11 | $ | 473,946 | $0 (a) | The Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan is a non-qualified retirement plan established to provide benefits that would have been payable under the C-W Retirement Plan but for the limitations imposed by the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and Employee Retirement Income Security Act. All participants of the C-W Retirement Plan are eligible to participate in the Restoration Plan. Restoration benefits are payable at the same time and otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable under the C-W Retirement Plan.
(b) | The present value of the accumulated benefit was determined as of December 31, 2019, the measurement date used for pension disclosure in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification 715. The
Plan benefit formula is described earlier. Elements of compensation that are included in the calculation of a benefit are base
salary earned and short and long-term cash incentives earned. The Company has not adopted a policy prohibiting special benefits
under the plans. However, historically the Company has not provided any additional years of credited service to any participants
in the Plan. 54 COMPENSATION OF
DIRECTORS The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation earned by or granted to each non-employee director who
served on the Company’s Board of Directors in 2019. Mr. Adams, the only current director who is an employee of the Company,
is not compensated for his services as a Board member. Director Compensation Name | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(a) | Stock Awards ($)(b) | Option Awards ($) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Compensation Earnings ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total
Dean M. Flatt | $ | 90,000 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 215,000
S. Marce Fuller | $ | 105,000 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 230,000
Rita J. Heise (c) | $ | 22,500 | — | — | — | — | — | $ | 22,500
Bruce D. Hoechner | $ | 90,000 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 215,000
Allen A. Kozinski (d) | $ | 22,500 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 147,500
Glenda J. Minor | $ | 67,500 | $ | 35,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 102,500
John B. Nathman | $ | 100,000 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 225,000
Robert J. Rivet | $ | 107,500 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 232,500
Albert E. Smith | $ | 122,500 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 247,500
Peter C. Wallace | $ | 90,000 | $ | 125,000 | — | — | — | — | $ | 215,000 (a) | Represents all fees earned or paid for services as a director, including annual retainer, lead director fee, committee membership fee, and committee chairman retainers, and includes amounts deferred. Directors have a choice to receive all or a portion of their director fees paid in cash, stock, or a combination of the two. Directors also have a choice to defer all or a portion of director fees paid in cash or stock. For fiscal 2019, Ms. Heise elected to receive all of her director fees in stock, as set forth in the table below. Name | Stock Award (#)* | Grant Date Fair Value ($) | Pay Date
Heise | 28 | $ | 3,125 | March 31, 2019
28 | $ | 3,125 | March 31, 2019
144 | $ | 16,250 | March 31, 2019 * | Shares rounded up to the next whole number of shares
(b) | The values shown represent the aggregate grant date fair value for 2019 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. In February 2019, each non-employee Director other than Ms. Minor were awarded 1,077 shares of restricted common stock as annual stock grant, each having a full fair value of $125,000 based on the market value of the common stock on the grant date pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. In May 2019, Ms. Minor received 308 shares of restricted common stock as an award for a newly elected member to the Board of Directors, having a full fair value of $35,000 based on the market value of the common stock on the grant date pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718.
(c) | Ms. Heise resigned from the Board and did not stand for election effective as of May 9, 2019.
(d) | Mr. Kozinski retired from the Board and did not stand for election effective as of May 9, 2019. In
2019, each non-employee Director of the Company was paid an annual retainer of $65,000 plus $12,500 for each committee such director
is a member. The chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Committee on Directors and Governance, Executive Compensation Committee,
and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors were paid an additional annual retainer of $22,500, $10,000, $15,000, and $10,000,
respectively. The Lead Independent Director was paid an additional annual retainer of $22,500. Based on peer and market data and
advice from FW Cook, no changes were recommended for non-employee Director compensation in 2020. Pursuant to the Company’s
2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company’s non-employee Directors may elect to receive their annual 55 retainer, Chairperson fee, committee membership
fees, and Lead Independent Director fee in the form of Company Common Stock, cash, or both and may elect to defer the receipt of
such stock or cash. In addition to the annual
retainer and meeting fees described above, under the Company’s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company, acting through the
Committee on Directors and Governance has the discretionary authority to make equity grants to non-employee Directors. Effective
February 2020, each non-employee Director was granted 838 shares of restricted Common Stock based on a market value of $125,000
on the grant date with such shares subject to forfeiture based upon failing to remain on the Board for a three-year period. The
Company grants each newly-appointed Director upon appointment a grant of restricted Common Stock valued at $35,000 based on the
market value of the Common Stock on the grant date with such shares subject to forfeiture based upon failing to remain on the Board
for a five-year period. Each Director must accumulate a total position in the Company’s Common Stock with a value of five
times the annual retainer. Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act and the rules thereunder of the SEC require the Company’s Directors, Officers, and beneficial owners of more
than 10% of the Common Stock to file reports of their ownership and changes in ownership of Common Stock with the Commission. Personnel
of the Company generally prepare these reports on behalf of the Directors and Officers on the basis of information obtained from
each Director and Officer. Based solely on a review of these reports filed with the SEC and on the written representations from
the Directors and Officers, the Company believes that all reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act
to be filed during the year ended December 31, 2019 were filed on time with two exceptions. Due to an administrative error by the
Company, Robert J. Rivet and John B. Nathman did not timely report their acquisition of shares on February 11, 2019 through the
Company’s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Such transactions were subsequently reported in a Form 5 that was filed on January
14, 2020 and January 15, 2020, respectively. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions The Company’s legal
department is primarily responsible for identifying relationships and transactions in which the Company and a director, any nominee
for director, executive officer or more than 5% stockholder of the Company, including any of their immediate family members, and
any entity owned or controlled by them, are participants to determine whether any of these related persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. In order to identify potential related person transactions, the Company’s legal department
annually prepares and distributes to all directors, nominees for directors, and executive officers a written questionnaire, which
includes questions intended to elicit information about any related person transactions. Further enhancing the Company’s
commitment to identify any transactions with related persons, the Company’s finance department adopted a related party transactions
policy, which requires each of the business units to identify and disclose to the Company’s corporate controller and general
counsel all related person transactions on a quarterly basis or on such shorter intervals as the situation arises. The Company’s corporate
governance guidelines, applicable to Directors, and the Company’s code of conduct, applicable to all employees of the Company,
including executive officers (copies of which may be viewed within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website
at www.curtisswright.com and are available in print, without charge, upon written request to the Company’s
Corporate Secretary), prohibits such individuals from engaging in specified activities without prior approval. These activities
typically relate to conflict of interest situations where a director, executive officer, an employee, or member of their immediate
family may have significant financial or business interests in another company competing with or doing business with the Company,
or who stands to benefit in some way from such a relationship or activity. If a director or executive officer believes that, as
a result of a transaction with the Company, he or she has an actual or potential conflict of interest with the Company, he or
she must promptly notify the Company’s General Counsel. In case of a transaction involving a director, he or she must also
notify the Chairperson of the Committee on Directors and Governance (or in case of a transaction involving the Chairperson of
the 56 Committee on Directors and Governance, notify
the other members of the Committee on Directors and Governance). The Board of Directors has
responsibility for reviewing and approving or ratifying related person transactions to the extent a director, nominee for director,
executive officer or more than 5% stockholder of the Company, including any of their immediate family members, and any entity owned
or controlled by them, are participants. To the extent that a proposed related-person transaction may involve a director, such
individual may not participate in any decision by the Board that in any way relates to the matter that gives rise to the conflict
of interest. The Company’s corporate controller and general counsel has responsibility for reviewing and approving or ratifying
all other transactions in which the Company and any other employee (other than an executive officer) or his or her immediate family
members has a direct or indirect material interest. Neither the corporate governance
guidelines nor code of conduct specify the standards to be applied by the Board of Directors or the Company’s corporate controller
and general counsel, as applicable, in reviewing transactions with related persons. However, the Company expects that in general
the Board of Directors or the Company’s corporate controller and general counsel, as applicable, will consider all of the
relevant facts and circumstances, including, if applicable, but not limited to: (i) the benefits to the Company; (ii) the impact
on a Director’s independence in the event the related person is a Director, an immediate family member of a Director, or
an entity in which a Director is a partner, shareholder, or executive officer; (iii) the availability of other sources for comparable
products or services; (iv) the terms of the transaction; and (v) the terms available for similar transactions with unrelated third
parties. During fiscal year 2019,
there were no proceedings to which any of our Directors, executive officers, affiliates, holders of more than five (5%) percent
of our Common Stock, or any associate (as defined in the Proxy Rules) of the foregoing were adverse to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. During fiscal year 2019, none of our Directors, nominees for directors, executive officers, holders of more than
five (5%) percent of our Common Stock, or any members of their immediate family had a direct or indirect material interest in any
transactions or series of transactions with the Company in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000. Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2019: • | None of the members of the Executive Compensation Committee was an officer (or former officer) or employee of the Company.
• | None of the members of the Executive Compensation Committee or any members of their immediate family entered into (or agreed to enter into) any transaction or series of transactions with the Company in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000.
• | None of the Company’s executive officers served on the compensation committee (or another board committee with similar functions or, if there was no such committee, the entire board of Directors) of another entity where one of that entity’s executive officers served on the Company’s Executive Compensation Committee.
• | None of the Company’s executive officers was a Director of another entity where one of that entity’s executive officers served on the Company’s Executive Compensation Committee.
• | None of the Company’s executive officers served on the compensation committee (or another board committee with similar functions or, if there was no such committee, the entire board of Directors) of another entity where one of that entity’s executive officers served as a Director on the Company’s Board of Directors. 57 Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets
forth information as of February 18, 2020 for the beneficial ownership of common stock by (a) each stockholder who, to the Company’s
knowledge, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of any class of Common Stock, (b) each current Director
of the Company, (c) each nominee for election as a Director of the Company, (d) each of the executive officers of the Company named
in the Summary Compensation Table above (the “Named Executive Officers”), and (e) all current Directors and executive
officers of the Company as a group. The percentages in the third column are based on 42,750,569 shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding on February 18, 2020. In each case, except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, the shares shown in
the second column are owned directly or indirectly by the individuals or members of the group named in the first column, with sole
voting and dispositive power. For purposes of this table, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the federal securities
laws and regulations. Inclusion in the table of shares not owned directly by the Director or Named Executive Officer does not constitute
an admission that such shares are beneficially owned by the Director or Named Executive Officer for any other purpose. Name of Beneficial Owner | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned | Percentage of Class
BlackRock, Inc. | 4,782,126 | (a) | 11.2 | %
The Vanguard Group | 3,872,550 | (b) | 9.0 | %
David C. Adams | 75,331 | (c)(d) | *
K. Christopher Farkas | 5,314 | (c)(d) | *
Paul J. Ferdenzi | 25,760 | (c)(d) | *
Dean M. Flatt | 8,726 | (c)(f) | *
S. Marce Fuller | 11,446 | (c)(f)(h) | *
Bruce D. Hoechner | 887 | (c)(e)(f) | *
Glenda J. Minor | 308 | (c)(e)(f) | *
John B. Nathman | 9,893 | (c)(e)(f) | *
Thomas P. Quinly | 71,686 | (c)(d) | *
Robert J. Rivet | 9,876 | (c)(f)(h) | *
Albert E. Smith | 23,269 | (c)(e) | *
Glenn E. Tynan | 42,022 | (c)(d) | *
Peter C. Wallace | 3,026 | (c)(e)(f) | *
Directors and Executive Officers as a group (14 persons) | 309,996 | (g) | * * | Less than 1%.
(a) | Address is 40 East 52nd Street, New York, New York, 10022. The information as to the beneficial ownership of Common Stock by BlackRock, Inc. was obtained from Amendment No. 11, dated February 3, 2020, to its statement on Schedule 13G, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such report discloses that at December 31, 2019, BlackRock, Inc. possessed sole voting and sole dispositive power with respect to 4,561,522 and 4,782,126 shares of Common Stock, respectively.
(b) | Address is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. The information as to the beneficial ownership of Common Stock by The Vanguard Group was obtained from Amendment No. 7, dated February 10, 2020, to its statement on Schedule 13G, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such report discloses that at December 31, 2019, The Vanguard Group: (1) possessed sole voting power with respect to 21,177 shares of Common Stock, (2) possessed sole dispositive power with respect to 3,850,385 shares of Common Stock, (3) possessed shared voting power with respect to 5,922 shares of Common Stock, and (4) possessed shared dispositive power with respect to 22,165 shares of Common Stock.
(c) | Address is c/o Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. 58 (d) | Includes shares of time-based restricted Common Stock owned by the Named Executive Officers as follows (and subject to forfeiture under the Company’s 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as applicable) that vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant: David C. Adams, 15,275; K. Christopher Farkas, 1,665; Paul J. Ferdenzi, 3,063; Thomas P. Quinly, 35,031 1 ; and Glenn E. Tynan, 5,166.
(e) | Includes shares of restricted Common Stock owned by the Directors as follows (and subject to forfeiture under the Company’s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan): Bruce D. Hoechner, 417; Glenda J. Minor, 308; John B. Nathman, 1,915; Albert E. Smith, 2,772; and Peter C. Wallace, 1,276.
(f) | Does not include shares of Common Stock granted to the Directors (under the Company’s 2005 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors and 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as applicable) that he or she has elected to defer receipt of until a later period as the Director neither has nor shares voting or investment power with respect to these shares and is not deemed the beneficial owner, as follows: Dean M. Flatt, 3,600; S. Marce Fuller, 18,410; Bruce D. Hoechner, 2,786; Glenda J. Minor, 838; John B. Nathman, 865; Robert J. Rivet, 2,786; and Peter C. Wallace, 1,950.
(g) | Includes shares of Common Stock as indicated in the preceding footnotes.
(h) | Share total rounded down to the next whole number of shares respecting fractional shares purchased pursuant to a broker-dividend reinvestment plan. PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION
OF APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors has appointed the firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”) to act as the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm for its fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, subject to the ratification by the
Company’s stockholders at this Annual Meeting as required by the By-laws of the Company. The Board of Directors requests
that stockholders ratify such appointment. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Audit Committee
will appoint another independent registered public accounting firm to perform such duties for the current fiscal year and submit
the name of such firm for ratification by our stockholders at the next Annual Meeting of stockholders. Deloitte has been retained
as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm since 2003. The Audit Committee annually
reviews Deloitte’s performance in deciding whether to retain Deloitte or engage a different independent registered public
accounting firm. In making such determination, the Audit Committee considers, among other things, (i) an evaluation of Deloitte’s
historical and recent performance on the Company’s audit; (ii) Deloitte’s capability and expertise in handling the
breadth and complexity of the Company’s worldwide operations; (iii) recent Public Company Oversight Board (PCAOB) reports
on Deloitte and its peer firms; (iv) appropriateness of Deloitte’s fees for audit and non-audit services, on both an absolute
basis and as compared to its peer firms; and (v) the benefits of having a long-tenured auditor such as (1) a higher quality audit
due to Deloitte’s institutional knowledge and deep understanding of the Company’s business, accounting policies and
practices, and internal control over financial reporting; (2) an efficient fee structure as Deloitte’s fees are competitive
with peer companies because of Deloitte’s familiarity with the Company’s business and industry; and (3) avoiding the
costs and disruptions, including management time and distractions, associated with bringing on a new independent auditor. Based
on this evaluation, the Audit Committee believes that the continued retention of Deloitte to serve as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Representatives of Deloitte
are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting to make such statements and answer such questions as are appropriate. 1 | 28,818 of these shares of time-based restricted stock vest on April 1, 2021 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Quinly on April 1, 2013. 59 Ratification of the appointment
of Deloitte will require the affirmative vote of at least a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person
or by proxy (and eligible to vote) and voting at the Annual Meeting, assuming the presence of a quorum. As further discussed in
the section titled “ Broker non-votes ” on page 7 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common Stock
through a bank, broker or other holder of record and you do not instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record on how to
vote on this “routine” proposal, your bank, broker or other holder of record will nevertheless have authority to vote
your shares on this “routine” proposal in your banks’, brokers’ or other holders’ of record discretion. RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2020 Disclosure about Fees The following table presents
the aggregate fees billed by our independent registered public accountants, Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates for the audit of our annual financial statements for the calendar years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, as well as other services provided during those periods: 2019 | 2018
Audit Fees (a) | $ | 4,023,000 | $ | 4,125,000
Audit-Related Fees (b) | $ | 46,000 | $ | 16,000
Tax Fees (c) | $ | 261,000 | $ | 480,000
All Other Fees (d) | $ | 6,000 | $ | 53,000
Total | $ | 4,336,000 | $ | 4,674,000 (a) | Audit Fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements, audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, review of condensed consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
(b) | Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements that are not reported under the caption “Audit Fees”. The fees for 2019 are for an audit of our Savings & Investment Plan and Retirement Plan. The fees for 2018 are for a pension plan audit of one of our subsidiaries.
(c) | Tax Fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. The fees for 2019 and 2018 relate principally to preparation of tax returns and other tax compliance services directly related to such returns.
(d) | All Other Fees for 2019 consist of fees billed for research tools. All other fees for 2018 are for research and advisory services relating to human resources and talent acquisition services. Pre-Approval Policy for Audit
and Non-Audit Services The Audit Committee has adopted
a policy to pre-approve audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent accountants. The Audit Committee will
consider annually and, if appropriate, approve the scope of the audit services to be performed during the fiscal year as outlined
in an engagement letter proposed by the independent accountants. To facilitate the prompt handling of certain matters, the Audit
Committee delegates to the Chief Financial Officer the authority to approve in advance all audit and non-audit services below $500,000
to be provided by the independent 60 accountants so long as no individual service
exceeds $100,000. For permissible non-audit services, we submit to the Audit Committee, at least quarterly, a list of services
and a corresponding budget estimate that we recommend the Audit Committee engage the independent accountant to provide. We routinely
inform the Audit Committee as to the extent of services provided by the independent accountants in accordance with this pre-approval
policy and the fees incurred for the services performed to date. During fiscal year 2019, all of the Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees,
and All Other Fees in the table above were approved by the Audit Committee. The Company believes that none of the time expended
on Deloitte & Touche LLP’s engagement to audit the Company’s financial statements for fiscal 2019 and 2018
was attributable to work performed by individuals other than Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates full-time, permanent employees. PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY (NON-BINDING)
VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY’S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Overview The Board of Directors is
committed to excellence in governance. As part of that commitment, and as required by Section 14A(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Board of Directors is providing the stockholders with an opportunity to provide an advisory vote to
approve executive compensation (commonly known as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal). The Board of Directors recognizes that
providing stockholders with an advisory vote to approve executive compensation may produce useful information on investor sentiment
with regard to the Company’s executive compensation programs. At the 2019 Annual Meeting of stockholders, over 97% of the
shares voted were in favor of the advisory resolution concerning the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. The Company’s
next Say-on-Pay vote after this Annual Meeting will occur at the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and each year thereafter until
another vote on frequency occurs, which will be no later than the 2023 Annual Meeting of stockholders. The Company’s executive
compensation program and practices are fully described in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section and other
table and narrative disclosures in this Proxy Statement. Compensation Objectives As generally described in
the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement, the Company’s executive compensation
program is designed to attract and retain high quality executives and to align the interest of management with the interests of
stockholders by rewarding both short and long-term performance. Company Performance Overall, the Company performed
strongly once again in 2019. Incentive awards earned by the Named Executive Officers for fiscal 2019 reflect the Company’s
strong operating performance and the Company’s commitment to pay for performance. The Company believes that its performance-oriented
executive compensation program played an important role in the Company’s 2019 successes, including the following results: • | Operating income increased 8.0%.
• | Operating margin increased to 16.2%.
• | Working capital as a percentage of sales increased slightly to 20.0%. The Company’s financial
performance above excludes the performance of acquisitions consummated during the performance period. The Company urges its stockholders
to read the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement, which describes in more detail
how the Company’s executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve the Company’s
compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and related compensation 61 tables and narratives which provide detailed
information on the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. The Executive Compensation Committee believes that the policies
and procedures articulated in the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement are
effective in achieving the Company’s goals and that the compensation of the Named Executive Officers reported in this Proxy
Statement has supported and contributed to the Company’s success. The Board recommends that
stockholders continue to support this compensation program by voting on the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the stockholders
of Curtiss-Wright Corporation approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company’s Named Executive Officers,
as disclosed in the Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table, and
the related compensation tables and accompanying narrative disclosure therein.” This vote is advisory, and therefore not
binding on the Company, the Executive Compensation Committee, or the Board of Directors. It will not overrule any decisions made
by the Board of Directors or the Executive Compensation Committee or require the Board of Directors or the Executive Compensation
Committee to take any specific action. The Board of Directors and the Executive Compensation Committee value the opinions of the
stockholders, and, to the extent there is any significant vote against the Named Executive Officers compensation as disclosed in
this Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors will consider the stockholder concerns and the Executive Compensation Committee will
evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns. Adoption of this
resolution will require the affirmative vote of at least a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person
or by proxy (and eligible to vote) and voting at the Annual Meeting, assuming the presence of a quorum. As further discussed
in the section titled “ Broker non-votes ” on page 7 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common
Stock through a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record how to
vote in order for them to vote your shares of Common Stock so that your vote can be counted on this Proposal Three. RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT HOUSEHOLDING OF ANNUAL DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS The SEC has adopted rules
governing the delivery of annual disclosure documents that permit us to send a single set of our Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials, and for those stockholders that received a paper copy of the proxy materials in the mail, a single set of our
annual report and proxy statement, to any household at which two or more stockholders reside if we believe that the stockholders
are members of the same family, unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. This rule benefits
both stockholders and the Company. It reduces the volume of duplicate information received and helps to reduce our expenses. Each
stockholder will continue to receive a separate proxy card if they received a paper copy of the proxy materials in the mail. If
your household received a single set of such disclosure documents for this year, but you would prefer to receive your own copy
now or in the future, please contact our transfer agent, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., by calling their toll-free number,
1-800-542-1061, or writing to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York
11717. A separate copy of such disclosure documents will be promptly provided to you upon receipt of your request. Stockholders
sharing an address who are receiving multiple copies of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or our proxy statement
and annual report, as applicable, and who wish to receive a single copy of such materials in the future, please contact Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. as indicated above. 62 DEADLINE FOR RECEIPT OF
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2021 ANNUAL MEETING Pursuant to regulations of
the SEC, stockholders who intend to submit proposals for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2021 Annual Meeting must do so
no later than November 26, 2020. This requirement is separate from the SEC’s other requirements that must be met to have
a stockholder proposal included in our proxy statement. In addition, this requirement is independent of certain other notice requirements
of our Amended and Restated By-laws described below. All stockholder proposals and notices should be submitted to Corporate Secretary,
Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The attached proxy card grants the proxy holder
discretionary authority to vote on any matter raised and presented at the Annual Meeting. Pursuant to amended SEC Rule 14a-4(c)(1),
we will exercise discretionary voting authority to the extent conferred by proxy with respect to stockholder proposals received
after February 7, 2021. If a stockholder of record
wishes to nominate Directors or bring other business to be considered by stockholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting, such proposals
may only be made in accordance with the following procedure. Under our current Amended and Restated By-laws, nominations of Directors
or other proposals by stockholders must be made in writing to our offices no later than February 7, 2021 and no earlier than January
9, 2021. However, if the date of the 2021 Annual Meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 70 days from
the anniversary date of the 2020 Annual Meeting, then such nominations and proposals must be delivered in writing to the Company
no earlier than 120 days prior to the 2021 Annual Meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th
day prior to the 2021 Annual Meeting, or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the 2021
Annual Meeting is first made. Please note that these requirements
relate only to matters proposed to be considered for the 2021 Annual Meeting. They are separate from the SEC’s requirements
to have stockholder proposals included in the Company’s 2021 proxy statement. 2019 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM
10-K Any stockholder wishing
to receive, without charge, a copy of the Company’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K (without exhibits) filed with the SEC,
should write to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036.
Exhibits to the Form 10-K will be furnished upon written request and payment of the Company’s expenses in furnishing such
documents. The Company’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K is also available free of charge through the Investor Relations
section of the Company’s website at www.curtisswright.com . 63 OTHER MATTERS WHICH MAY BE
PRESENTED FOR ACTION AT THE MEETING The Board of Directors does
not intend to present for action at this Annual Meeting any matter other than those specifically set forth in the Notice of Annual
Meeting. If any other matter is properly presented for action at the Annual Meeting, it is the intention of persons named in the
proxy to vote thereon in accordance with their judgment pursuant to the discretionary authority conferred by the proxy. By Order of the Board of Directors
Paul J. Ferdenzi Corporate Secretary Dated: March 24, 2020 64 CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION C/O BROADRIDGE P.O. BOX 1342 BRENTWOOD, NY 11717 SCAN TO VIEW MATERIALS & VOTE VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode
above Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until
11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date.
Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid
envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge,
51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. VOTE IN PERSON You may vote these shares in person by attending the annual meeting. Directions
to the meeting are available at www.proxyvote.com. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:
E91778-P33662 | KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION | For All | Withhold All | For All Except | To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee(s), mark “For All Except” and write the
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: | number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below.
1. | Election of Directors | o | o | o
Nominees:
01) | David C. Adams | 06) | John B. Nathman
02) | Dean M. Flatt | 07) | Robert J. Rivet
03) | S. Marce Fuller | 08) | Albert E. Smith
04) | Bruce D. Hoechner | 09) | Peter C. Wallace
05) | Glenda J. Minor
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following proposals: | For | Against | Abstain
2. | To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2020 | o | o | o
3. | An advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers | o | o | o
NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.
For address changes and/or comments, please check this box and write them on the back where indicated. | o Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] | Date | Signature (Joint Owners) | Date Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on Thursday,
May 7, 2020. A Notice and Proxy Statement and combined Business Review/2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K to security holders are available at www.proxyvote.com. E91779-P33662 CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION Annual Meeting of Stockholders May 7, 2020 1:00 PM This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors The undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints DAVID C. ADAMS, GLENN E. TYNAN and K. CHRISTOPHER FARKAS, and each of them, as proxies of the undersigned, with full power to appoint his substitute, and authorizes each of them to represent and to vote all shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Curtiss-Wright Corporation (the “Company”) which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2020, at the Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at 1:00 PM local time, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, with all the powers the undersigned would have if personally present, respecting the matters described in the accompanying proxy statement and, in their discretion, on other matters which may properly come before the meeting. When properly executed, this proxy will be voted in the manner directed herein by the undersigned stockholder(s). If no direction is given, this proxy will be voted FOR the Director nominees listed in Proposal One and FOR Proposals Two
and Three. In their discretion, the proxies are each authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come before
the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. A stockholder wishing to vote in accordance with the Board
of Directors’ recommendations need only sign and date this proxy and return it in the enclosed envelope. The undersigned hereby acknowledge(s) receipt of a copy of the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the
proxy statement with respect thereto, the Company’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and Business Review to Stockholders and hereby revoke(s) any proxy or proxies heretofore given. This proxy may
be revoked at any time before it is exercised. Address Changes/Comments: (If you noted any Address Changes/Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the reverse side.) Continued and to be signed on reverse side