10-Q 1 tm2116414d1_10q.htm FORM 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q x QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period
ended March 31, 2021 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition
period from to RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware | 001-39485 | 85-3174357
(State or Other Jurisdiction | (Commission | (IRS Employer
of Incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 535 Eastview Way Woodside, CA 94062 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (650) 722-1753 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant to acquire one-half of a share of Common Stock | RSVAU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | RSVA | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants | RSVAW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As of May 20, 2021,
14,086,153 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. Table of Contents Page
PART I. | FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Financial Statements (unaudited) | 1
Condensed Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 4
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 14
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks | 17
Item 4. | Controls and Procedures | 17
PART II. | OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 19
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 19
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities | 19
Item 3 | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 20
Item 4 | Mine Safety Disclosures | 20
Item 5 | Other Information | 20
Item 6. | Exhibits | 21
Signatures | 22 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) March 31, 2021 | December 31, 2020
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 305,093 | $ | 773,086
Prepaid expenses | 179,988 | 166,079
Total Current Assets | 485,081 | 939,165
Cash and securities held in Trust Account | 230,016,101 | 229,967,028
Total Assets | $ | 230,501,182 | $ | 230,906,193
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 187,708 | $ | 84,754
Warrant liability | 70,625,000 | 19,780,000
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 8,050,000 | 8,050,000
Total Current Liabilities | 78,862,708 | 27,914,754
Commitments and Contingencies
Common stock subject to possible redemption; 14,663,874 shares at redemption value | 146,638,470 | 197,991,430
Stockholders' Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized | - | -
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 14,086,153 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 14,663,847 shares subject to possible redemption) | 1,409 | 895
Additional paid in capital | 58,845,226 | 7,492,780
Accumulated deficit | (53,846,631 | ) | (2,493,666 | )
Total Stockholders' Equity | 5,000,004 | 5,000,009
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY | $ | 230,501,182 | $ | 230,906,193 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 1 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) March 31, 2021
Operational costs | $ | 579,343
Loss from operations | (579,343 | )
Other income:
Interest income - bank | 13
Change in fair value of warrant liability | (50,845,000 | )
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 61,910
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 9,455
Other income (loss), net | (50,773,622 | )
Income (loss) before benefit from (provision for) income taxes | (51,352,965 | )
Benefit from (provision for) income taxes | -
Net loss | (51,352,965 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 19,801,982
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | -
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common Stock | 8,948,018
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common stock | $ | (5.74 | ) The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 2 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (UNAUDITED) Total
Common Stock | Additional Paid | Accumulated | Stockholder's
Shares | Amount | in Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 8,948,018 | $ | 895 | $ | 7,492,780 | $ | (2,493,666 | ) | $ | 5,000,009
Change in value of common stock subject to redemption | 5,138,135 | 514 | 51,352,446 | - | 51,352,960
Net loss | - | - | - | (51,352,965 | ) | (51,352,965 | )
Balance March 31, 2021 | 14,086,153 | $ | 1,409 | $ | 58,845,226 | $ | (53,846,631 | ) | $ | 5,000,004 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 3 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended
March 31, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (51,352,965 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
Change in fair value of warrants | 50,845,000
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (61,910 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (9,455 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (13,909 | )
Accrued expenses | 102,954
Net cash used in operating activities | (490,285 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes | 22,292
Net cash used in investing activities | 22,292
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | -
Net Change in Cash | (467,993 | )
Cash - Beginning of period | 773,086
Cash - End of period | $ | 305,093 The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 4 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) NOTE 1 — DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition
Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on September 23, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering
into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of March 31, 2021,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from September 23, 2020 (inception) through March 31,
2021 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described
below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination, and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Enovix
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Enovix”). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds
derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration statement
for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 1, 2020. On December 4, 2020, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included
in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option
in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,000,000 warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”)
at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company’s sponsor, Rodgers Capital LLC (the “Sponsor”),
generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. Transaction costs amounted
to $13,051,274 consisting of $4,600,000 of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $401,274 of other offering
costs. Total transaction costs were allocated to a component of equity and a component of the public company warrant liability based on
an allocated proceeds model. Approximately $0.7 million was allocated to the warrant liability component and immediately expensed. Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on December 4, 2020, an amount of $230,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust
Account”) , located in the United States and held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund and government bonds selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company’s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete
a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial
Business Combination. The Company intends to only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 5 The Company will provide
its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will
be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be
$10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s
warrants. The Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in
a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law,
or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect
to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. Notwithstanding the above,
if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to
waive redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination and
certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until
December 4, 2022 to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and stockholders do not approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation to extend this date, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable,
and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants,
which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 6 The Sponsor has agreed to
waive liquidation rights with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters
have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held
in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit
($10.00). In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per
Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company’s tax obligation and up to $100,000 for liquidation
excepts, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (even
if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial
Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. Going Concern and Management's Plan Prior to the completion of
the initial public offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is
considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statement. The Company has since completed its Initial Public Offering
at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the trust and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company
for general working capital purposes. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in
the Trust Account for funding operating expense, including consummating the Business Combination. The Company may need to raise additional
capital to meet the Company’s working capital needs. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on
commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial
Statements The condensed balance sheet as of March 31,
2021 and the condensed statements of operations, condensed statements of shareholders’ equity and the condensed statements of cash
flows for the three months ended March 31, 2021 are unaudited. These accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been
prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. In the opinion of management, these unaudited
condensed financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring items, considered necessary to present fairly the
Company’s financial condition, results of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the interim periods indicated.
The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the
full year, and therefore should not be relied upon as an indicator of future results. The condensed balance sheet as of December 31,
2020 included herein was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date. The accompanying condensed financial statements
and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020. 7 Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies There have been no significant
changes to the Company’s significant accounting policies in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” of
the notes to the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 included in the RSVAC Annual Report on Form 10-K
and Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC. NOTE 3 — PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public
Offering, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount
of 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant
(“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50
per share, subject to adjustment. NOTE 4 — PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $6,000,000, from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. NOTE 5 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On September 24, 2020,
the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock (the “Founder Shares”) to the Sponsor, Rodgers
Capital LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up 750,000 shares subject
to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor
will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). As a result of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment
option at the Initial Public Offering, the 750,000 shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. Certain directors of RSVAC
are members of the Sponsor, Rodgers Capital LLC and own units of the Sponsor that will convert into Founder Shares upon distribution of
the Sponsor’s assets to its members. Prior to the IPO, Mr. Hernandez, Mr. McCranie, Mr. Gomo, Mr. Malchow and Ms. Hung received
460,000, 450,000, 295,000, 262,500 and 262,500 units respectively, which are convertible into Founder Shares. The balance of the units
in the Sponsor are held by the Rodgers Massey Revocable Trust, of which Mr. Rodgers is trustee and are convertible into 4,020,000 Founder
Shares. 8 The Sponsor has agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after
the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of
the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $14.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into
an agreement, commencing on December 4, 2020 through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination or
its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
For the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company incurred $30,000 in fees for these services. At March 31, 2021, fees
of $30,000 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the
Company’s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the
Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,000,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business
Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. NOTE 6 — COMMITMENTS and CONTINGENCIES Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on December 1, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or
warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale
(in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion of a
Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays
in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $8,050,000. The deferred fee will be payable in cash
to the underwriters solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Contingencies Michael Costello v.
Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp., et al., 21-CV-01536, Superior Court of California, San Mateo County On March 22, 2021,
Michael Costello filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, San Mateo County, against the Company and the Company’s
board of directors. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the
terms of a proposed transaction, and that the disclosures in the Company’s registration statement regarding the proposed transaction
are materially deficient. The plaintiff seeks, among other things, unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief, including enjoining
the proposed transaction. Derek Boxhorn v. Rodgers
Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp., et al., 1:21-cv-02900 (SDNY) On April 5, 2021,
Derek Boxhorn filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the “Company and
the Company’s board of directors. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 14(a) and
20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties, in connection with
the terms of a proposed transaction, and that the Company’s registration statement contains materially incomplete and misleading
information regarding the proposed transaction. RSVA cannot predict the
outcome of the lawsuits or any others that might be filed subsequent to the date of filing of this Amendment and cannot reasonably estimate
the possible loss or range of loss with respect to these matters. The Company believes that the lawsuits are without merit and intend
to defend against the claims vigorously. 9 NOTE 7 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock – The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per
shares. At March 31, 2021 there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. Common
Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per
share. At March 31, 2021, there were 14,086,153 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 14,663,847 shares subject
to possible redemption. Warrants —
Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire
five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant
will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common
stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state
of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following
a Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until
the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of
a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: · | in whole and not in part;
· | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
· | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
· | if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders If and when the warrants
become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company are unable to register or qualify
the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the
Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do
so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price
below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 10 In addition, if the Company
issues additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly
Issued Price”), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the Newly Issued
Price. The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants
and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or
saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or
their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. NOTE 8 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows the guidance
in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of the Company’s
financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the
use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 11 The following table presents
information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2021, and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | March 31, 2021
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 230,016,101
Liabilities:
Warrant Liability - Public Warrants | 3 | 45,425,000
Warrant Liability - Private Placement Warrants | 3 | 25,200,000 The Private Placement Warrants
were valued using a Modified Black-Scholes Model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Modified Black-Scholes
Model uses a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model that is modified for the probability of consummation of the Business Combination. The Public Warrants were
valued using publicly available trading price, which is considered to be a Level 1 fair value measurement. The key inputs into valuing
our warrant liabilities is as follows: Level | March 31, 2021
Strike Price | $ | 11.50
Risk Free Rate | (a) | 1.00 | %
Expected Volatility | (b) | 28.0 | %
Terms (Years) | (c) | 5.36
Probability of Acquisition | (d) | 95.0 | % (a) Based on the linearly interpolated treasury rate
(b) Blended volatility based upon weighted average of time pre announcement and post announcement
(c) As of the measurement date until assumed expiration
(d) Based upon success of SPACs in completing business combination The following table presents
the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities: Private Placement | Public | Warrant Liabilities
Fair Value as of December 31, 2020 | $ | 6,900,000 | $ | 12,880,000.00 | $ | 19,780,000
Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions | 18,300,000 | 32,545,000 | 50,845,000
Fair Value as of March 31, 2021 | $ | 25,200,000 | $ | 45,425,000 | $ | 70,625,000 The public warrants were
transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. NOTE 9 — NET LOSS PER SHARE Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has not considered
the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 17,500,000 shares in the calculation
of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of
such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company’s statement
of operations includes a presentation of loss per share for common shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class
method of loss per share. Net loss per common share, basic and diluted, for Common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated
by dividing the proportionate share of income or loss on marketable securities held by the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise
and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. 12 Net loss per share, basic
and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income or loss on marketable securities
attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of non-redeemable common stock outstanding
for the period. Non-redeemable common stock
includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
common stock participates in the income or loss on marketable securities based on non-redeemable common stock shares’ proportionate
interest. Three Months Ended
March 31, 2021
Common stock subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Common Stock subject to possible redemption
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 61,910
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 9,455
Net loss allocable to shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 71,365
Denominator: Weighted Average Common stock subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 19,801,982
Basic and diluted net income per share | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator: Net Loss minus Net Earnings
Net Loss | $ | (51,352,965 | )
Net loss allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption | (71,365 | )
Non-Redeemable Net Loss | $ | (51,424,330 | )
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 8,948,018
Basic and diluted net loss per share | $ | (5.75 | ) NOTE 10 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon
this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 13 Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
contained elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of many factors, including those set forth under “ Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements ,” and elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on September 23,
2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our
initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has resulted
in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and potential target companies
may defer or end discussions for a potential business combination with us whether or not COVID-19 affects their business operations. The
extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict
travel, limiting our ability to conduct meetings to negotiate and consummate transactions in a timely manner with potential investors,
target company’s personnel, or vendors and services providers. On December 4, 2020, simultaneously with
the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) with Rodgers Capital, LLC ( the “Sponsor”)
of 6,000,000 warrants (the “Private Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of $6,000,000.
The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants (as defined below) sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable
and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the Sponsor, the anchor investors or their
permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor and anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private
Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the date that is
30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination. The Sponsor and anchor investors were granted certain demand and
piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. Business Combination Agreement On February 22, 2021, we entered into a merger
agreement (the “Merger Agreement” or the “Agreement”) with Enovix Corporation (“Enovix”) and RSVA
Merger Sub Inc. (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Enovix, with Enovix surviving as our
wholly-owned subsidiary (the “Merger”). As a result of the Merger, subject to reduction
for indemnification claims as described below, an aggregate of 105,000,000 shares of RSVA common stock will be issued (or reserved for
issuance pursuant to currently exercisable options or warrants) in respect of shares of Enovix capital stock that are issued and outstanding
as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and options and warrants to purchase shares of Enovix capital stock, in each
case, that are issued, outstanding and vested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger. Additional shares of RSVA common
stock will be reserved for issuance in respect of options to purchase shares of Enovix capital stock that are issued, outstanding and
unvested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger. The transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement
are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021. 14 Results of Operations Our only activities from September 23, 2020
(inception) through March 31, 2021 were organizational activities, those necessary to consummate the Initial Public Offering, described
below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and
auditing compliance, D&O insurance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the quarter ended March 31, 2021, we
had net loss of $51,352,965, which consisted of operating costs of $579,343 and a change in the fair value of the warrant liability of
$50,845,000, offset by interest income of $13, interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of $61,910 and unrealized
gain on marketable securities held in Trust account of $9,455. Liquidity and Capital Resources On December 4, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering
of 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units,
at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the sale of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, at $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross
proceeds of $6,000,000. Transaction costs amounted to $13,051,274 consisting of $4,600,000
of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $401,274 of other offering costs. Total transaction costs were allocated
to a component of equity and a component of the public company warrant liability (see footnote 2) based on an allocated proceeds model.
Approximately $0.7 million was allocated to the warrant liability component and immediately expensed on December 31, 2020. For the quarter ended March 31, 2021, cash
used in operating activities was $490,285. Net loss of $51,352,965 which included a non-cash charge for the change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of $50,845,000 were offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of $61,910, unrealized gain in
marketable securities in Trust Account of $9,455 and changes in operating assets and liabilities of $89,045. For the quarter ended March 31, 2021, cash
provided by investing activities was $22,292 from cash drawn from Trust Account to pay for franchise tax. As of March 31, 2021, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $230,016,101 (including approximately $9,455 of unrealized gain) consisting of securities held in a money
market fund and government bonds that invests in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 180 days or
less. Interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2020,
we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used
in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing
or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing
or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the
completion of our Business Combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. As of March 31, 2021, we had cash of $305,093
held outside the Trust Account We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition
candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the
target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 15 In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders,
or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants, at a price of
$1.00 per warrant. The warrants’ terms and conditions would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with
the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds
available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on December 4, 2020 and will
continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $8,050,000. The deferred fee will be payable in cash to the underwriters
solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 16 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Liability We account for the Warrants in accordance with
the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D and 7F under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded
as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each
reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value
is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants were estimated using the publicly available trading
price. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Modified Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. (see Note 2) Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption
is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance sheet. Net Income or Loss Per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings
per share. Common stock subject to possible redemption which is not currently redeemable and is not redeemable at fair value, has been
excluded from the calculation of basic net income or loss per common share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro
rata share of the Trust Account earnings. Our net income or loss is adjusted for the portion of income or loss that is attributable to
common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not our income
or losses. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item . Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of March 31, 2021, our management,
with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Our
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 17 Based upon the evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of March 31, 2021, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as a result of the material weakness that existed in our internal control over financial reporting as described
below, and which continues to exist as of March 31, 2021. Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting In connection with the audit of our financial statements
as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
resulting from a lack of independent review of technical accounting matters. During the first quarter of 2021, we have undertaken specific
remediation actions to address the control deficiencies in our financial reporting. We added new control activities, modified existing
controls, and enhanced the documentation that evidences that controls are performed. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting Due to a
transition period established by SEC rules applicable to newly public companies, our management is not required to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting until after the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021. As a result, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q does not address whether there have been any changes in our internal control
over financial reporting. 18 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. | Legal Proceedings Michael Costello v.
Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp., et al., 21-CV-01536, Superior Court of California, San Mateo County On March 22, 2021,
Michael Costello filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, San Mateo County, against the Company and the Company’s
board of directors. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the
terms of a proposed transaction, and that the disclosures in the Company’s registration statement regarding the proposed transaction
are materially deficient. The plaintiff seeks, among other things, unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief, including enjoining
the proposed transaction. Derek Boxhorn v. Rodgers
Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp., et al., 1:21-cv-02900 (SDNY) On April 5, 2021,
Derek Boxhorn filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the “Company and
the Company’s board of directors. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 14(a) and
20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties, in connection with
the terms of a proposed transaction, and that the Company’s registration statement contains materially incomplete and misleading
information regarding the proposed transaction. RSVA cannot predict the
outcome of the lawsuits or any others that might be filed subsequent to the date of filing of this Amendment and cannot reasonably estimate
the possible loss or range of loss with respect to these matters. The Company believes that the lawsuits are without merit and intend
to defend against the claims vigorously. Item 1A. | Risk Factors. As of the date of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2021 amendment to Form S-4 filed
with the SEC on May 10, 2021. Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. The registration statement (the “Registration
Statement”) for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 1, 2020. On December 4, 2020, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 shares of common stock (the “Public Shares”), which includes 3,000,000 Public Shares
as a result of the underwriters’ full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of $10.00 per Public Share,
generating gross proceeds of approximately $230 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $8 million, inclusive of approximately
$7 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 6,000,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”), at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6 million.
The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO, subject to limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants (except in limited circumstances, as described
in the Registration Statement) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement (including the exercise of the over-allotment) $230 million ($10.00 per share) of the net proceeds
of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust
Account”) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and held as cash
or invested only in U.S. “government securities,” within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under the Investment Company Act,
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of
a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 19 We paid a total of approximately $4 million in
underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the 3.5% deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of the initial
business combination) and approximately $0.8 million for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. | Other Information None. 20 Item 6. | Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 21 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. Dated: May 20, 2021 | RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Thurman J. Rodgers
Name: | Thurman J. Rodgers
Title: | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer)
By: | /s/ Emmanuel T. Hernandez
Name: | Emmanuel T. Hernandez
Title: | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 22