S-3 1 d480628ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ENOVIX CORPORATION (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-3174357
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3501 W. Warren Avenue Fremont, California 94538 (510) 695-2350 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Arthi Chakravarthy Chief
Legal Officer Enovix Corporation 3501 W. Warren Avenue Fremont, California 94538 (510) 695-2350 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Matthew
B. Hemington John T. McKenna Cooley LLP 3175 Hanover
Street Palo Alto, California 94304 (650) 843-5000 From time to
time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the
following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D.
filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☒ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging Growth Company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement contains: • | a base prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $1.0 billion of the registrant’s common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and/or warrants from time to time in one or more offerings; and • | a sales agreement prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $250.0 million of the registrant’s common stock that may be issued and sold from time to time under a sales agreement, dated August 9, 2023, with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. The base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The specific terms of any securities to be
offered pursuant to the base prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The sales agreement
prospectus immediately follows the base prospectus. The $250.0 million of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold by the registrant under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the $1.0 billion of securities that may be
offered, issued and sold by the registrant under the base prospectus. In connection with such offers and when accompanied by the base prospectus included in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, such sales agreement
prospectus will be deemed a prospectus supplement to such base prospectus. Upon termination of the sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., any portion of the $250.0 million included in the
sales agreement prospectus that is not sold pursuant to the sales agreement will be available for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement, and if no shares are sold under the sales agreement,
the full $1.0 billion of securities may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities or accept an offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting offers to
buy these securities in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion) Dated August 9, 2023 $1,000,000,000 Enovix Corporation Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants From time to time, we may offer and sell up to an aggregate amount of $1.0 billion of any combination of the securities described in this
prospectus, either individually or in combination, at prices and on terms described in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also offer common stock, common stock or preferred stock upon conversion of debt securities, common stock upon
conversion of preferred stock, or common stock, preferred stock or debt securities upon exercise of warrants. This prospectus describes
some of the general terms that may apply to an offering of our securities. We will provide the specific terms of these offerings and securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also authorize one or more free writing
prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this
prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated by reference, before buying any of the securities being offered. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “ENVX.” On August 8, 2023, the last
reported sale price of our common stock was $17.75 per share. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any securities market or other
exchange of the securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. Investing in
our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the section titled “ Risk Factors “ on page 5 of this prospectus and any similar section
contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, and under similar headings in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this
prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. The securities may be sold directly by us to investors, through agents designated from time to time or to or through underwriters or dealers,
on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section titled “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of any shares of
our securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts and overallotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to
the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this
prospectus is , 2023. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 5
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 8
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 9
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 14
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 21
LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 24
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 28
EXPERTS | 30
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 30
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 31 i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Under this shelf registration statement, we may, from time to time, offer and sell in one or more
offerings common stock and preferred stock, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such securities, either individually or in combination with other securities, in one or more offerings, up to a total dollar amount of
$1.0 billion of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell any type or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain more
specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related
free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus,
together with the applicable prospectus supplement, any related free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, will include all material information relating to the
applicable offering. We urge you to read carefully this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, together with the information
incorporated herein, or therein by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference,” before buying any of the securities being offered. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus
and any applicable prospectus supplement, along with the information contained in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering. You must not rely upon any information or representation not contained
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. No action is being taken in any
jurisdiction outside the United States to permit a public offering of our securities or possession or distribution of this prospectus in that jurisdiction. Persons who come into possession of this prospectus in jurisdictions outside the United
States are required to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions as to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus applicable to that jurisdiction. The information appearing in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as
of the date on the front of the document and any information we have incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any applicable
prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus, or the date of any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus contains and incorporates by reference market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent
industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information.
Although we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the market and industry data presented in this prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference, these estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, including those ii Table of Contents discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in the other
documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. This prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the
actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the section titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Throughout this prospectus, we refer to Enovix Corporation as “Enovix”, “us”, “our”, “we” and the
“Company.” iii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and does
not contain all of the information that you need to consider in making your investment decision. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, including the risks of
investing in our securities discussed under the sections titled “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar sections in the other documents
that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should also carefully read the other information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including our consolidated and condensed consolidated financial statements, and the
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Enovix Corporation Overview Enovix Corporation is on a
mission to power the technologies of the future. We do this by designing, developing, manufacturing and commercializing next generation Lithium-ion, or Li-ion, battery
cells that significantly increase the amount of energy density and storage capacity relative to conventional battery cells. Our battery’s mechanical design, or “architecture,” allows us to use high performance chemistries while
enabling safety and charge time advantages. The benefit of an enhanced battery for portable electronics is devices that have more power
budget available to keep up with user preferences for more advanced features and more attractive form factors. The benefit of an advanced battery for Electric Vehicles (“EVs”) is a faster charging battery. Corporate Information We were
incorporated under the laws of Delaware in September 2020 as a blank check company under the name Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. (“RSVAC”). On July 14, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), Enovix Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Legacy Enovix”), RSVAC and RSVAC
Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of RSVAC (“Merger Sub”), consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 22, 2021, by and among RSVAC,
Legacy Enovix and Merger Sub (the “Merger Agreement”), following the approval at a special meeting of the stockholders of RSVAC held on July 12, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a combination of Legacy Enovix and
RSVAC was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Enovix, with Legacy Enovix surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of RSVAC (together with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the “Business
Combination”). On the Closing Date, Legacy Enovix changed its name to Enovix Operations Inc. and RSVAC changed its name to Enovix Corporation. On January 17, 2023, Legacy Enovix merged with and into Enovix Corporation, with the separate
existence of Legacy Enovix ceasing and Enovix Corporation being the surviving corporation of such merger. Our principal executive offices are located at 3501 W. Warren Avenue, Fremont, California 94538 and our telephone number is (510) 695-2350. Our corporate website address is www.enovix.com. References to our website address do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website, and the information contained on
the website is not part of this document. The Securities We May Offer We may offer shares of our common stock and preferred stock, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such
securities, either individually or in combination with other securities, up to a 1 Table of Contents total dollar amount of $1.0 billion, from time to time under this prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, at prices and on
terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of any offering. We may also offer common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities upon the exercise of warrants. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities
we may offer. Each time we offer a type of security or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities, including, to the
extent applicable: • | designation or classification; • | aggregate principal amount or aggregate offering price; • | maturity date, if applicable; • | original issue discount, if any; • | rates and times of payment of interest or dividends, if any; • | redemption, conversion, exercise, exchange or sinking fund terms, if any; • | ranking; • | restrictive covenants, if any; • | voting or other rights, if any; • | conversion or exchange prices or rates, if any, and, if applicable, any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the conversion or exchange prices or rates and in the securities or other property receivable upon conversion or exchange; and • | material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations, if any. The applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update
or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents we have incorporated by reference. THIS PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED
TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OF SECURITIES UNLESS IT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. We may sell the securities directly to
investors or to or through agents, underwriters or dealers. We and our agents or underwriters, reserve the right to accept or reject all or part of any proposed purchase of securities. If we do offer securities to or through agents or underwriters,
we will include in the applicable prospectus supplement: • | the names of those agents or underwriters; • | applicable fees, discounts and commissions to be paid to them; • | details regarding overallotment options, if any; and • | the estimated net proceeds to us. Common Stock We may issue shares of our
common stock from time to time. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of
preferred stock, the holders of common stock are 2 Table of Contents entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon the completion of the
distributions required with respect to any series of redeemable convertible preferred stock that may then be outstanding, our remaining assets legally available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed on an equal priority, pro rata
basis to the holders of common stock. No shares of our common stock are subject to redemption or have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common stock. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the common
stock under the heading “Description of Capital Stock—Common Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to
any common stock being offered. Preferred Stock We may issue shares of our preferred stock from time to time, in one or more series. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our board of directors has the authority, without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions of each class or series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption privileges, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any class or series, which may be greater than
the rights of the holders of the common stock. Convertible preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock or exchangeable for other securities. Conversion may be mandatory or at your option and would be at prescribed conversion rates. If we sell any series of preferred stock under this prospectus, we will fix the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights of
the preferred stock of each series we issue under this prospectus, as well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of any certificate of designation that contains the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. In this
prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the preferred stock under the heading “Description of Capital Stock—Preferred Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free
writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series of preferred stock being offered, as well as the complete certificate of designation that contains the terms of the applicable series of preferred stock. Debt Securities We may issue debt
securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally with any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The subordinated
debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner described in the instrument governing the debt, to all of our senior indebtedness. Convertible or exchangeable debt securities will be convertible
into or exchangeable for our common stock or our other securities. Conversion or exchange may be mandatory or optional (at our option or the holders’ option) and would be at prescribed conversion or exchange prices. The debt securities will be issued under an indenture that we will enter into with a national banking association or other eligible party, as
trustee. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the debt securities under the heading “Description of Debt Securities.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free
writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series of debt securities being offered, as well as the complete indenture and any supplemental indentures that contain the terms of the debt securities. We have filed
the form of indenture as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of 3 Table of Contents debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by
reference from reports that we file with the SEC. Warrants We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants
independently or in combination with common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the warrants under the heading “Description of
Warrants.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the particular series of warrants being offered, as well as the form
of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the warrants. We have filed the forms of the warrant agreements and forms of warrant certificates containing the terms of the warrants that we
may offer as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the
SEC, the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, and any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. Warrants may be issued under a warrant agreement that we enter into with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant
agent, if any, in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. Use of Proceeds Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a
specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by us hereunder, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds” in this prospectus. Nasdaq Global Select Market Listing Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ENVX.” The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any
other securities market or other exchange of the securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors”
contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent
filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for
use in connection with a specific offering. The risks described in these documents are not the only ones we face, but those that we consider to be material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or
other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future
periods. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your
investment. Please also read carefully the section below titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 5 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this prospectus or incorporated
by reference herein that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
“anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,”
“predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our: • | ability to build and scale our advanced silicon-anode lithium-ion battery, our production and commercialization timeline; • | ability to meet milestones and deliver on our objectives and expectations, the implementation and success of our products, technologies, business model and growth strategy, various addressable markets, market opportunity and the expansion of our customer base; • | ability to meet the expectations of new and current customers, our ability to achieve market acceptance for our products; • | financial performance, including revenue, expenses and projections thereof; • | ability to convert our revenue funnel to purchase orders and revenue; • | placement of equipment orders for our next-generation manufacturing lines, the speed of and space requirements for our next-generation manufacturing lines relative to our existing lines at Fab1 in Fremont; • | factory sites and related considerations, including site selection, location and timing of build-out, and benefits thereof; • | ability to attract and hire additional service providers, the strength of our brand, the build-out of additional production lines, our ability to optimize our manufacturing process, our future product development and roadmap and the future demand for our lithium-ion battery solutions; and • | use of proceeds from offerings of our securities under this prospectus. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our
control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described
in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We discuss in greater
detail many of these risks under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement, in any free writing prospectuses we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering, and in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, which
are incorporated by 6 Table of Contents reference into this prospectus in their entirety. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the document containing the applicable
statement. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or developments. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement,
together with the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering completely and with the understanding that our actual
future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in the foregoing documents by these cautionary statements. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not
be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 7 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with
a specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. 8 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following summary description of our capital stock is based on the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
or the Certificate of Incorporation, and amended and restated bylaws, or the Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL. This information is qualified entirely by reference to the applicable provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. For information on how to obtain copies of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, see the sections titled
“Where You Can Find Additional Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference” in this prospectus. General Our authorized capital stock
consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share. Common Stock Voting Rights Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders
of common stock possess all voting power for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. Dividends Holders of common stock
are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors in its discretion out of funds legally available therefor. In no event will any stock dividends or stock splits or combinations of stock
be declared or made on common stock unless the shares of common stock at the time outstanding are treated equally and identically. Liquidation,
Dissolution and Winding Up In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up, the holders of the common stock are entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of our assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders, after the rights of the holders of the
preferred stock have been satisfied. Preemptive or Other Rights The holders of the common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions
applicable to the common stock. Election of Directors Our board of directors has one class of directors and each director will generally serve for a term of one year. Unless required by applicable
law at the time of election, there is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Preferred Stock Our board of directors
is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and 9 Table of Contents to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. Our board of directors can also increase or
decrease the number of shares of any series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting
or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with financings, possible acquisitions and other
corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, discouraging or preventing a change in control of our company, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the
holders of common stock and may reduce the likelihood that common stockholders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. Warrants As of July 2, 2023 there were warrants to purchase up to 6,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding, consisting entirely of
private placement warrants, or Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Rodgers Capital, LLC in
connection with the closing of the initial public offering of RSVAC and have terms set forth in a warrant agreement between Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, and us and have since been distributed, to affiliated and unaffiliated
holders. This warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders
of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered warrant holders. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The Private Placement
Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and only redeemable by us to the extent that they are no longer held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates. The warrants are exercisable until December 1, 2025. The redemption criteria for our Private Placement Warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a
reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will
not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that we call for redemption any of the Private Placement Warrants no longer held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, all such
holders that wish to exercise Private Placement Warrants must do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each such holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Private Placement Warrants for that certain number of shares of
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Private Placement Warrants
and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of our common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to such holders of Private Placement Warrants. The exercise price and number
of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or
consolidation. However, the Private Placement Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. The Private Placement Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of
the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant 10 Table of Contents certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Private Placement Warrants
being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Private Placement Warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of
shares of common stock upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their Private Placement Warrants such that an electing warrant
holder would not be able to exercise their Private Placement Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the shares of common stock outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be
entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Anti-takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter Documents Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Among
other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: • | permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change of control; • | provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; • | provide that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, directors may be removed only with cause by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of all of our then-outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally at an election of directors; • | provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; • | provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s notice; • | provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer or by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; and • | do not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. The
amendment of any of these provisions requires approval by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. The combination of these provisions makes it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as
for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it 11 Table of Contents more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of
directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies
and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such
provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market
price of our stock. Delaware Anti-takeover Law Section 203 of the DGCL generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any
interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: • | prior to the date of the transaction, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • | the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding upon consummation of the transaction, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or • | on or subsequent to the consummation of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Generally, a “business combination” includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in
a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with its affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 20% or more
of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions may encourage companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the board of directors approves
either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to
accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Choice of Forum Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the sole
and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a
fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising out of or pursuant to
any provision of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws (including any right, obligation, or
remedy thereunder); 12 Table of Contents (v) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or
any of our directors, officers, or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties
named as defendants. This choice of forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, or the Securities Act. Our Certificate of Incorporation further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act
creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction
to entertain such claims. As noted above, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the
Securities Act. Due to the concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts created by Section 22 of the Securities Act over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the exclusive form provision. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Investors also cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Exchange Listing Our common stock is
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ENVX.” Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent’s address is 250 Royall
Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 13 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any debt securities that we may offer in more detail in the
applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any debt securities offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the indenture, we also are referring to
any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue the debt securities under the
indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the indenture. The indenture will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We have filed the form of indenture as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The following summary of material
provisions of the debt securities and the indenture is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable
prospectus supplements and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. General The indenture does not limit the
amount of debt securities that we may issue. It provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount that we may authorize and may be in any currency or currency unit that we may designate. Except for the limitations on
consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets contained in the indenture, the terms of the indenture do not contain any covenants or other provisions designed to give holders of any debt securities protection against
changes in our operations, financial condition or transactions involving us. We may issue the debt securities issued under the indenture
as “discount securities,” which means they may be sold at a discount below their stated principal amount. These debt securities, as well as other debt securities that are not issued at a discount, may be issued with “original issue
discount,” or OID, for U.S. federal income tax purposes because of interest payment and other characteristics or terms of the debt securities. Material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to debt securities issued with OID will be
described in more detail in any applicable prospectus supplement. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of
the series of debt securities being offered, including: • | the title of the series of debt securities; • | any limit upon the aggregate principal amount that may be issued; • | the maturity date or dates; • | the form of the debt securities of the series; • | the applicability of any guarantees; • | whether or not the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; • | whether the debt securities rank as senior debt, senior subordinated debt, subordinated debt or any combination thereof, and the terms of any subordination; 14 Table of Contents • | if the price (expressed as a percentage of the aggregate principal amount thereof) at which such debt securities will be issued is a price other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount thereof payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof, or if applicable, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that is convertible into another security or the method by which any such portion shall be determined; • | the interest rate or rates, which may be fixed or variable, or the method for determining the rate and the date interest will begin to accrue, the dates interest will be payable and the regular record dates for interest payment dates or the method for determining such dates; • | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; • | if applicable, the date or dates after which, or the period or periods during which, and the price or prices at which, we may, at our option, redeem the series of debt securities pursuant to any optional or provisional redemption provisions and the terms of those redemption provisions; • | the date or dates, if any, on which, and the price or prices at which we are obligated, pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions or otherwise, to redeem, or at the holder’s option to purchase, the series of debt securities and the currency or currency unit in which the debt securities are payable; • | the denominations in which we will issue the series of debt securities, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • | any and all terms, if applicable, relating to any auction or remarketing of the debt securities of that series and any security for our obligations with respect to such debt securities and any other terms which may be advisable in connection with the marketing of debt securities of that series; • | whether the debt securities of the series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of a global security or securities; • | the terms and conditions, if any, upon which such global security or securities may be exchanged in whole or in part for other individual securities; and the depositary for such global security or securities; • | if applicable, the provisions relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of the series and the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be so convertible or exchangeable, including the conversion or exchange price, as applicable, or how it will be calculated and may be adjusted, any mandatory or optional (at our option or the holders’ option) conversion or exchange features, the applicable conversion or exchange period and the manner of settlement for any conversion or exchange; • | if other than the full principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of debt securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof; • | additions to or changes in the covenants applicable to the particular debt securities being issued, including, among others, the consolidation, merger or sale covenant; • | additions to or changes in the events of default with respect to the securities and any change in the right of the trustee or the holders to declare the principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to such securities to be due and payable; • | additions to or changes in or deletions of the provisions relating to covenant defeasance and legal defeasance; • | additions to or changes in the provisions relating to satisfaction and discharge of the indenture; • | additions to or changes in the provisions relating to the modification of the indenture both with and without the consent of holders of debt securities issued under the indenture; • | the currency of payment of debt securities if other than U.S. dollars and the manner of determining the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; 15 Table of Contents • | whether interest will be payable in cash or additional debt securities at our or the holders’ option and the terms and conditions upon which the election may be made; • | the terms and conditions, if any, upon which we will pay amounts in addition to the stated interest, premium, if any and principal amounts of the debt securities of the series to any holder that is not a “United States person” for federal tax purposes; • | any restrictions on transfer, sale or assignment of the debt securities of the series; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, any other additions or changes in the provisions of the indenture, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations. Conversion or Exchange Rights We will
set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms on which a series of debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock or our other securities. We will include provisions as to settlement upon conversion or
exchange and whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or at our option. We may include provisions pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock or our other securities that the holders of the series of
debt securities receive would be subject to adjustment. Consolidation, Merger or Sale Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the indenture will not contain
any covenant that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety. However, any successor to or acquirer of such assets (other than a
subsidiary of ours) must assume all of our obligations under the indenture or the debt securities, as appropriate. Events of Default under the
Indenture Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the following
are events of default under the indenture with respect to any series of debt securities that we may issue: • | if we fail to pay any installment of interest on any series of debt securities, as and when the same shall become due and payable, and such default continues for a period of 90 days; provided, however, that a valid extension of an interest payment period by us in accordance with the terms of any indenture supplemental thereto shall not constitute a default in the payment of interest for this purpose; • | if we fail to pay the principal of, or premium, if any, on any series of debt securities as and when the same shall become due and payable whether at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration or otherwise, or in any payment required by any sinking or analogous fund established with respect to such series; provided, however, that a valid extension of the maturity of such debt securities in accordance with the terms of any indenture supplemental thereto shall not constitute a default in the payment of principal or premium, if any; • | if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the debt securities or the indenture, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of debt securities, and our failure continues for 90 days after we receive written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied and stating that such is a notice of default thereunder, from the trustee or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series; and • | if specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. 16 Table of Contents If an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series occurs and is
continuing, other than an event of default specified in the last bullet point above, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, by notice to us in writing, and to the
trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the unpaid principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, due and payable immediately. If an event of default specified in the last bullet point above occurs with respect to us,
the principal amount of and accrued interest, if any, of each issue of debt securities then outstanding shall be due and payable without any notice or other action on the part of the trustee or any holder. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of an affected series may waive any default or event of
default with respect to the series and its consequences, except defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance with the indenture. Any
waiver shall cure the default or event of default. Subject to the terms of the indenture, if an event of default under an indenture shall
occur and be continuing, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under such indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of debt securities, unless such holders have
offered the trustee reasonable indemnity. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series, provided that: • | the direction so given by the holder is not in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; and • | subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. • | A holder of the debt securities of any series will have the right to institute a proceeding under the indenture or to appoint a receiver or trustee, or to seek other remedies only if: • | the holder has given written notice to the trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series; • | the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, • | such holders have offered to the trustee indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred by the trustee in compliance with the request; and • | the trustee does not institute the proceeding, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series other conflicting directions within 90 days after the notice, request and offer. These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of debt securities if we default in the payment of the principal, premium, if
any, or interest on, the debt securities. We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified
covenants in the indenture. Modification of Indenture; Waiver We and the trustee may change an indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to specific matters: • | to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the indenture or in the debt securities of any series; 17 Table of Contents • | to comply with the provisions described above under “Description of Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale;” • | to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities; • | to add to our covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities, to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us in the indenture; • | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the indenture; • | to make any change that does not adversely affect the interests of any holder of debt securities of any series in any material respect; • | to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided above under “Description of Debt Securities—General” to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the indenture or any series of debt securities, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; • | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under any indenture by a successor trustee; or • | to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of any indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. • | In addition, under the indenture, the rights of holders of a series of debt securities may be changed by us and the trustee with the written consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series that is affected. However, unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we and the trustee may make the following changes only with the consent of each holder of any outstanding debt securities affected: • | extending the fixed maturity of any debt securities of any series; • | reducing the principal amount, reducing the rate of or extending the time of payment of interest, or reducing any premium payable upon the redemption of any series of any debt securities; or • | reducing the percentage of debt securities, the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver. Discharge Each indenture provides that we can elect to be discharged from our obligations with respect to one or more series of debt securities, except
for specified obligations, including obligations to: • | provide for payment; • | register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series; • | replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series; • | pay principal of and premium and interest on any debt securities of the series; • | maintain paying agencies; • | hold monies for payment in trust; • | recover excess money held by the trustee; 18 Table of Contents • | compensate and indemnify the trustee; and • | appoint any successor trustee. In order to exercise our rights to be discharged, we must deposit with the trustee money or government obligations sufficient to pay all the
principal of, any premium, if any, and interest on, the debt securities of the series on the dates payments are due. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue the debt securities of each series only in fully registered form without coupons and, unless we provide otherwise in the
applicable prospectus supplement, in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The indenture provides that we may issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be
deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or another depositary named by us and identified in the applicable prospectus supplement with respect to that series. To the extent the debt securities of a series are issued in
global form and as book-entry, a description of terms relating to any book-entry securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. At the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indenture and the limitations applicable to global securities described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of the indenture and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of
the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will impose no service charge for any
registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. We will name in the
applicable prospectus supplement the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar, that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the
designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: • | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange any debt securities of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or • | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee, other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under an indenture, undertakes to perform only those
duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. Upon an event of default under an indenture, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject
to this provision, the trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indenture at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and
liabilities that it might incur. 19 Table of Contents Payment and Paying Agents Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make payment of the interest on any debt securities on any
interest payment date to the person in whose name the debt securities, or one or more predecessor securities, are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for the interest. We will pay principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities of a particular series at the office of the paying agents
designated by us, except that unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make interest payments by check that we will mail to the holder or by wire transfer to certain holders. Unless we otherwise indicate in the
applicable prospectus supplement, we will designate the corporate trust office of the trustee as our sole paying agent for payments with respect to debt securities of each series. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement any other paying
agents that we initially designate for the debt securities of a particular series. We will maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All money we pay to a paying agent or the trustee for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities that
remains unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of the debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment thereof. Governing Law The indenture and the debt
securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 20 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplement and free writing
prospectus, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, which may consist of warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities and may be issued in one or more series.
Warrants may be offered independently or in combination with common stock, preferred stock or debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer under
this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description of warrants will apply to the warrants offered by this prospectus unless we provide
otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement for a particular series of warrants may specify different or additional terms. We have filed forms of the warrant agreements and forms of warrant certificates containing the terms of the warrants that may be offered as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form
of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, and any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. The following
summaries of material terms and provisions of the warrants are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any
supplemental agreements applicable to a particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement related to the particular series of warrants that we may offer under this
prospectus, as well as any related free writing prospectus, and the complete form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any supplemental agreements, that contain the terms of the warrants. General We will describe in the
applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants being offered, including: • | the title of such securities; • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of such warrants which may be exercised at any one time; • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants; 21 Table of Contents • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to force the exercise of the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified; • | a discussion of any material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. Before exercising their warrants, holders of warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities
purchasable upon such exercise, including: • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the right to receive payments of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities purchasable upon exercise or to enforce covenants in the applicable indenture; or • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the right to receive dividends, if any, or, payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise of Warrants Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the securities that we specify in the applicable prospectus supplement at the exercise price
that we describe in the applicable prospectus supplement. The warrants may be exercised as set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, warrants may be
exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered thereby. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. Upon receipt of payment and the warrant or warrant certificate, as applicable, properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust
office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office, including ours, indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, issue and deliver the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If less than all of the warrants (or
the warrants represented by such warrant certificate) are exercised, a new warrant or a new warrant certificate, as applicable, will be issued for the remaining warrants. If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the
warrants may surrender securities as all or part of the exercise price for warrants. Governing Law Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, the warrants and any warrant agreements will be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Warrants Each warrant agent, if any, will act solely as our agent under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or
relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant. A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility in case of any default by us under the
applicable warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty 22 Table of Contents or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the holder of
any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise of, its warrants. 23 Table of Contents LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES We may issue securities in registered form or in the form of one or more global securities. We describe global securities in greater detail
below. We refer to those persons who have securities registered in their own names on the books that we or any applicable trustee, depositary or warrant agent maintain for this purpose as the “holders” of those securities. These persons
are the legal holders of the securities. We refer to those persons who, indirectly through others, own beneficial interests in securities that are not registered in their own names, as “indirect holders” of those securities. As we discuss
below, indirect holders are not legal holders, and investors in securities issued in book-entry form or in street name will be indirect holders. Book-Entry Holders We may issue
securities in book-entry form only, as we will specify in the applicable prospectus supplement. This means securities may be represented by one or more global securities registered in the name of a financial institution that holds them as depositary
on behalf of other financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system. These participating institutions, which are referred to as participants, in turn, hold beneficial interests in the securities on behalf of
themselves or their customers. Only the person in whose name a security is registered is recognized as the holder of that security.
Securities issued in global form will be registered in the name of the depositary or its participants. Consequently, for securities issued in global form, we will recognize only the depositary as the holder of the securities, and we will make all
payments on the securities to the depositary. The depositary passes along the payments it receives to its participants, which in turn pass the payments along to their customers who are the beneficial owners. The depositary and its participants do so
under agreements they have made with one another or with their customers; they are not obligated to do so under the terms of the securities. As a result, investors in a global security will not own securities directly. Instead, they will own beneficial interests in a global
security, through a bank, broker or other financial institution that participates in the depositary’s book-entry system or holds an interest through a participant. As long as the securities are issued in global form, investors will be indirect
holders, and not legal holders, of the securities. Street Name Holders We may terminate a global security or issue securities in non-global form. In these cases, investors
may choose to hold their securities in their own names or in “street name.” Securities held by an investor in street name would be registered in the name of a bank, broker or other financial institution that the investor chooses, and the
investor would hold only a beneficial interest in those securities through an account he or she maintains at that institution. For
securities held in street name, we or any applicable trustee or depositary will recognize only the intermediary banks, brokers and other financial institutions in whose names the securities are registered as the holders of those securities, and we
or any applicable trustee or depositary will make all payments on those securities to them. These institutions pass along the payments they receive to their customers who are the beneficial owners, but only because they agree to do so in their
customer agreements or because they are legally required to do so. Investors who hold securities in street name will be indirect holders, not holders, of those securities. Legal Holders Our obligations, as well
as the obligations of any applicable trustee and of any third parties employed by us or a trustee, run only to the legal holders of the securities. We do not have obligations to investors who hold beneficial interests in global securities, in street
name or by any other indirect means. This will be the case whether an investor chooses to be an indirect holder of a security or has no choice because we are issuing the securities only in global form. 24 Table of Contents For example, once we make a payment or give a notice to the holder, we have no further
responsibility for the payment or notice even if that holder is required, under agreements with depositary participants or customers or by law, to pass it along to the indirect holders but does not do so. Similarly, we may want to obtain the
approval of the holders to amend an indenture, to relieve us of the consequences of a default or of our obligation to comply with a particular provision of the indenture or for other purposes. In such an event, we would seek approval only from the
holders, and not the indirect holders, of the securities. Whether and how the holders contact the indirect holders is up to the holders. Special
Considerations for Indirect Holders If you hold securities through a bank, broker, or other financial institution, either in
book-entry form because the securities are represented by one or more global securities or in street name, you should check with your own institution to find out: • | the performance of third-party service providers; • | how it handles securities payments and notices; • | whether it imposes fees or charges; • | how it would handle a request for the holders’ consent, if ever required; • | whether and how you can instruct it to send you securities registered in your own name so you can be a holder, if that is permitted in the future; • | how it would exercise rights under the securities if there were a default or other event triggering the need for holders to act to protect their interests; and • | if the securities are in book-entry form, how the depositary’s rules and procedures will affect these matters. Global Securities A global security is a security that represents one or any other number of individual securities held by a depositary. Generally, all
securities represented by the same global securities will have the same terms. Each security issued in book-entry form will be
represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of a financial institution or its nominee that we select. The financial institution that we select for this purpose is called the depositary. Unless we specify otherwise
in the applicable prospectus supplement, DTC will be the depositary for all securities issued in book-entry form. A global security may
not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under “Special Situations When a Global
Security Will Be Terminated”. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all securities represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only
beneficial interests in a global security. Beneficial interests must be held by means of an account with a broker, bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that does. Thus, an
investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the security, but only an indirect holder of a beneficial interest in the global security. If the prospectus supplement for a particular security indicates that the security will be issued in global form only, then the security will
be represented by a global security at all times unless and until the global security is terminated. If termination occurs, we may issue the securities through another book-entry clearing system or decide that the securities may no longer be held
through any book-entry clearing system. 25 Table of Contents Special Considerations for Global Securities The rights of an indirect holder relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the investor’s financial
institution and of the depositary, as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. We do not recognize an indirect holder as a holder of securities and instead deal only with the depositary that holds the global security. If securities are issued only in the form of a global security, an investor should be aware of the following: • | an investor cannot cause the securities to be registered in his or her name, and cannot obtain non-global certificates for his or her interest in the securities, except in the special situations we describe below; • | an investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank or broker for payments on the securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the securities, as we describe above; • | an investor may not be able to sell interests in the securities to some insurance companies and to other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form; • | an investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective; • | the depositary’s policies, which may change from time to time, will govern payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to an investor’s interest in a global security; • | we and any applicable trustee have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary’s actions or for its records of ownership interests in a global security, nor do we or any applicable trustee supervise the depositary in any way; • | the depositary may, and we understand that DTC will, require that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security within its book-entry system use immediately available funds, and your broker or bank may require you to do so as well; and • | financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system, and through which an investor holds its interest in a global security, may also have their own policies affecting payments, notices and other matters relating to the securities. There may be more than one financial intermediary in the chain of ownership for an investor. We do not monitor and are not responsible for the
actions of any of those intermediaries. Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated In a few special situations described below, the global security will terminate and interests in it will be exchanged for physical certificates
representing those interests. After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold securities directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in
securities transferred to their own name, so that they will be direct holders. We have described the rights of holders and street name investors above. Unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the global security will terminate when the following special situations
occur: • | if the depositary notifies us that it is unwilling, unable or no longer qualified to continue as depositary for that global security and we do not appoint another institution to act as depositary within 90 days; • | if we notify any applicable trustee that we wish to terminate that global security; or • | if an event of default has occurred with regard to securities represented by that global security and has not been cured or waived. 26 Table of Contents The applicable prospectus supplement may also list additional situations for terminating a
global security that would apply only to the particular series of securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. When a global security terminates, the depositary, and not we or any applicable trustee, is responsible for deciding the
names of the institutions that will be the initial direct holders. 27 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, direct sales to the public, negotiated transactions,
block trades or a combination of these methods. We may sell the securities to or through one or more underwriters or dealers (acting as principal or agent), through agents, or directly to one or more purchasers. We may distribute the securities from
time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. We will describe the terms of the offering of the securities and the specific plan of distribution in a prospectus supplement or supplements
to this prospectus, any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you, an amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or other filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are
incorporated by reference. Such description may include, to the extent applicable: • | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers; • | the purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds, if any, we will receive from the sale; • | any options to purchase additional shares or other options under which underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers may purchase additional securities from us; • | any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; • | any public offering price; • | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and • | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. We may also sell equity securities covered by this registration statement in an “at the market” offering as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. Such offering may be made into an existing trading market for such securities in transactions at other than a fixed price on or through the facilities of the Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other securities
exchange or quotation or trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of sale. Such at the market offerings, if any, may be conducted by underwriters acting as principal or agent. Only underwriters named in the prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Dealers and
agents participating in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters, and compensation received by them on resale of the securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts. If such dealers or agents were deemed to be
underwriters, they may be subject to statutory liabilities under the Securities Act. If underwriters are used in the sale, they will
acquire the securities for their own account and may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The obligations of the underwriters to
purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters without a
syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the prospectus 28 Table of Contents supplement, other than securities covered by any option to purchase additional shares or other option. If a dealer is used in the sale of securities, we, or an underwriter, will sell the
securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. To the extent required, we will set forth in the prospectus supplement the name
of the dealer and the terms of the transaction. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change from time to time. We may use underwriters, dealers or agents with whom we have a material
relationship. In such case, we will describe in the prospectus supplement the name of the underwriter, dealer or agent and the nature of any such relationship. We may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of
securities and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, the agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the
public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must
pay for solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. We may provide agents, dealers and underwriters with
indemnification against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or dealers or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities. Agents, dealers and
underwriters or their affiliates may engage in transactions with, or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. All
securities we may offer, other than common stock, will be new issues of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriters may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making
at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any underwriter may be granted
an option to purchase additional shares, and engage in stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. An underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares involves
sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering or other
short-covering transactions involve purchases of the securities, either through exercise of the option to purchase additional shares or in the open market after the distribution is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the
underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to
be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. These transactions may be effected on any exchange or over-the-counter market or otherwise. Any underwriters,
dealers or agents that are qualified market makers on the Nasdaq Global Select Market may engage in passive market making transactions in our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act,
during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers or sales of the common stock. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified as passive market
makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market
maker’s bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be
discontinued at any time. 29 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, Cooley LLP, Palo Alto, California will pass upon the validity of the
securities offered by this prospectus and any supplement thereto. As of the date of this prospectus, GC&H Investments, LLC, an entity comprised of partners and associates of Cooley LLP, beneficially owns 20,614 shares of common stock, and a
partner of Cooley LLP owns 125,700 shares of Common Stock. EXPERTS The financial statements of Enovix Corporation and subsidiaries as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and for each of the three
years in the period ended January 1, 2023, incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement, and the effectiveness of Enovix Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023 have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION This prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the
Securities Act and does not contain all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may
not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other
document. Because we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge on our
website. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is www.enovix.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website
is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 30 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus from other documents that we file with the SEC,
which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information
incorporated by reference that we filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information in this prospectus. We incorporate by reference into
this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part the information or documents listed below that we have filed with the SEC (Commission File No. 001-39753): • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2023; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2023 filed with the SEC on August 9, 2023 ; • | the information specifically incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023, including the supplement thereto, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2023; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022 , as amended on January 18, 2023 , January 5, 2023 , January 20, 2023 , January 23, 2023 , January 25, 2023 , April 21, 2023 , April 26, 2023 , June 20, 2023 , June 26, 2023 , June 29, 2023 , and July 26, 2023 ; and • | the description of our common stock which is contained in a Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on December 1, 2020 under the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description, including Exhibit 4.4 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022. All filings
filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this prospectus. We also incorporate by reference any future filings (other than current reports furnished under Item 2.02 or Item
7.01 of Form 8-K and exhibits filed on such form that are related to such items unless such Form 8-K expressly provides to the contrary) made with the SEC pursuant to
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including those made after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of such registration statement, until we
file a post-effective amendment that indicates the termination of the offering of the securities made by this prospectus and will become a part of this prospectus from the date that such documents are filed with the SEC. Information in such future
filings updates and supplements the information provided in this prospectus. Any statements in any such future filings will automatically be deemed to modify and supersede any information in any document we previously filed with the SEC that is
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference to the extent that statements in the later filed document modify or replace such earlier statements. You can request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Enovix Corporation 3501 W. Warren
Avenue Fremont, California 94538 Attn: Chief Legal Officer (510) 695-2350 31 Table of Contents Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt
Securities Warrants PROSPECTUS Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We
may not sell these securities or accept an offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is
not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion, dated August 9, 2023. PROSPECTUS Up to $250,000,000 Common Stock We have entered
into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated August 9, 2023, or the Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., or the Agents,
relating to the sale of shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, offered by this prospectus. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, under this prospectus we may offer and sell up to $250.0 million of shares of our
common stock, from time to time to or through the Agents. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
“ENVX.” On August 8, 2023, the closing sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $17.75 per share. Sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus may be made by any method permitted by law that is deemed an “at the market
offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The Agents are not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares of our common stock. Each of the Agents
will use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with their normal sales and trading practices, to solicit offers to purchase the common stock under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. There is no
arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. The net proceeds from any sales under this prospectus will be used as described under the section entitled “Use of Proceeds.” The Agents will be entitled to compensation at a commission rate of up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of shares sold under the Sales Agreement.
In connection with the sale of our common stock on our behalf, each of the Agents will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of the Agents will be deemed to be underwriting
commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the Agents with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page 12 for additional information regarding the compensation to be paid to the Agents. Investing in
our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Please read the information contained in and incorporated by reference under the heading “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 4 of this prospectus, and under
similar headings in the other documents that are filed after the date hereof and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Cantor | Oppenheimer & Co. The date of this prospectus is
 , 2023. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PROSPECTUS
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY | 1
THE OFFERING | 3
RISK FACTORS | 4
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 8
DIVIDEND POLICY | 9
DILUTION | 10
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 12
LEGAL MATTERS | 14
EXPERTS | 14
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 14
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 15 i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus relates to part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under the registration statement, we may, from time to time, sell any combination of the securities described in the registration statement. Under this
prospectus, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $250.0 million from time to time at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of the offering. Before buying any of the common stock that we are offering, we urge you to carefully read this prospectus and all of the information
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as well as the additional information described under the headings “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” These documents
contain important information that you should consider when making your investment decision. To the extent there is a conflict between
the information contained in this prospectus, on the one hand, and the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus that was filed with the SEC before the date of this prospectus, on the other hand, you should
rely on the information in this prospectus. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date—for example, a document incorporated by reference in this prospectus—the
statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. We further note that the representations,
warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference herein were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of
allocating risk among the parties to such agreement, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly, such
representations, warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. We have
not, and each of the Agents have not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or in any related free writing prospectus that we authorize for use in connection
with this offering and to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent
information, you should not rely on it. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their
respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the securities described
in this prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms “Enovix”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and
“our” in this prospectus to refer to Enovix Corporation. ii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights certain information about us, this offering and selected information contained elsewhere in or incorporated by
reference into this prospectus. This summary provides an overview of selected information and does not contain all of the information you should consider before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. Therefore, you should read the entire
prospectus carefully (including the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus), especially the “Risk Factors” section on page 4 and the documents incorporated by reference and our consolidated and condensed financial
statements and the related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Overview Enovix Corporation is on a mission to power the technologies of the future. We do this by designing, developing, manufacturing and
commercializing next generation Lithium-ion, or Li-ion, battery cells that significantly increase the amount of energy density and storage capacity relative to
conventional battery cells. Our battery’s mechanical design, or “architecture,” allows us to use high performance chemistries while enabling safety and charge time advantages. The benefit of an enhanced battery for portable electronics is devices that have more power budget available to keep up with user preferences
for more advanced features and more attractive form factors. The benefit of an advanced battery for Electric Vehicles (“EVs”) is a faster charging battery. Organizational Structure We were
incorporated under the laws of Delaware in September 2020 as a blank check company under the name Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. (“RSVAC”). On July 14, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), Enovix Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Legacy Enovix”), RSVAC and RSVAC
Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of RSVAC (“Merger Sub”), consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 22, 2021, by and among RSVAC,
Legacy Enovix and Merger Sub (the “Merger Agreement”), following the approval at a special meeting of the stockholders of RSVAC held on July 12, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a combination of Legacy Enovix and
RSVAC was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Enovix, with Legacy Enovix surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of RSVAC (together with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the “Business
Combination”). On the Closing Date, Legacy Enovix changed its name to Enovix Operations Inc. and RSVAC changed its name to Enovix Corporation. On January 17, 2023, Legacy Enovix merged with and into Enovix Corporation, with the separate
existence of Legacy Enovix ceasing and Enovix Corporation being the surviving corporation of such merger. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 3501 W. Warren Avenue, Fremont, California 94538 and our telephone number is (510) 695-2350. Our corporate website address is www.enovix.com. References to our website address do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website, and the information contained on
the website is not part of this document. “Enovix”, and the Enovix Corporation logo and other trademarks or service marks of
Enovix appearing in this prospectus are the property of Enovix Corporation. Other trademarks, service marks or trade names 1 Table of Contents appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a
relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 2 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us | Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $250.0 million. Common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering | Up to 172,995,926 shares, assuming the sale of $250.0 million of shares of our common stock in this offering at a public offering price of $17.75 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on August 8, 2023. The actual number of shares issued in this offering will vary depending on how many shares of our common stock we choose to sell and the prices at which such sales occur. Plan of Distribution | “At the market offering” that may be made from time to time through, at our option, either of the Agents. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus. Use of proceeds | We currently intend to use the net proceeds that we receive from this offering, if any, to build out our battery cell manufacturing capacity, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. See the section titled “Use of Proceeds” for a more complete description of the intended use of proceeds from this offering. Risk factors | See “Risk Factors” on page 4 and other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors that you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Global Select Market symbol | “ENVX” The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 158,911,419
shares of common stock outstanding as of July 2, 2023, and excludes: • | 4,425,014 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options as of July 2, 2023, with a weighted-average exercise price of $9.17 per share; • | 13,898,172 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units as of July 2, 2023; • | 14,306,709 shares reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as of July 2, 2023, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; • | 8,346,773 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of July 2, 2023, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; and • | 6,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of July 2, 2023, with an exercise price of $11.50 per share. All of the information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of outstanding
stock options or warrants or vesting of restricted stock units or performance restricted stock units. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the risks described below and discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in our most
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus in their
entirety, and in our subsequent filings with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus, together with other information in this prospectus, and the information and documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and any free
writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering before you make a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or
cash flow could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks below and incorporated by reference in this prospectus are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. Please also read carefully the section below titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Risks Related to This Offering We will have broad
discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively. We currently intend to use the net
proceeds to build out our battery cell manufacturing capacity, and for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include, research and development activities, general and administrative matters, and capital expenditures. Our
management has broad discretion to use our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds we receive in this offering, to fund our operations and could spend these funds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the
value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have an adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of
our product candidates. Pending their use to fund operations, we may invest our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. See the section titled “Use of Proceeds.” Purchasers may experience immediate and substantial dilution in the tangible net book value of their investment. The offering price per share in this offering may exceed the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. Assuming that an aggregate
of 14,084,507 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $17.75 per share pursuant to this prospectus, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on August 8, 2023, for aggregate gross
proceeds of $250.0 million, you would experience immediate dilution of $14.92 per share, representing a difference between our net tangible book value per share as of July 2, 2023, after giving effect to this offering and the assumed
offering price. To the extent that any options are exercised, any restricted stock units vest and are settled, any shares are purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, any new equity awards are issued under our equity incentive plan, or we
otherwise issue additional shares of common stock in the future (including shares issued in connection with strategic and other transactions), you will experience further dilution. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market
conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of
these securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders. See the section titled “Dilution” on page 10 of this prospectus for a more detailed illustration of the dilution you would incur if you participate in this
offering. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. To raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price 4 Table of Contents per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and
investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common
stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering. Future sales of a significant
number of our shares of common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our shares of common stock or cause it to be highly volatile. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress
the market price of shares of our common stock or cause it to be highly volatile and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. A substantial number of shares of common stock are being offered by this
prospectus, and we cannot predict if and when shares sold in this offering, if any, will be resold in the public markets. We cannot predict the number of these shares that might be resold nor the effect that future sales of our shares of common
stock would have on the market price of shares of our common stock. It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under
the Sales Agreement, or the gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Subject to certain limitations in the Sales Agreement and
compliance with applicable laws, we have the discretion to deliver a placement notice to an Agent at any time throughout the term of the Sales Agreement. The number of shares that are sold through the Agents after delivering a placement notice will
fluctuate based on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock during the term of the Sales Agreement, the limits we set with the Agents in any applicable placement notice, and the demand for our common stock during the term
of the Sales Agreement. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate during the term of the Sales Agreement, it is not currently possible to predict the number of shares that will be sold or the gross proceeds to be raised in
connection with the sales of shares of common stock offered under this prospectus. The common stock offered hereby will be sold in “at the
market offerings,” and investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Investors who purchase
shares in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices, and so may experience different levels of dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. We will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the
timing, prices and numbers of shares sold in this offering. In addition, there is no minimum or maximum sales price for shares to be sold in this offering. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase in this offering
as a result of sales made at prices lower than the prices they paid. 5 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this prospectus that are not
purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”
“should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include,
for example, statements about our: • | ability to build and scale our advanced silicon-anode lithium-ion battery, our production and commercialization timeline; • | ability to meet milestones and deliver on our objectives and expectations, the implementation and success of our products, technologies, business model and growth strategy, various addressable markets, market opportunity and the expansion of our customer base; • | ability to meet the expectations of new and current customers, our ability to achieve market acceptance for our products; • | financial performance, including revenue, expenses and projections thereof; • | ability to convert our revenue funnel to purchase orders and revenue; • | placement of equipment orders for our next-generation manufacturing lines, the speed of and space requirements for our next-generation manufacturing lines relative to our existing lines at Fab1 in Fremont; • | factory sites and related considerations, including site selection, location and timing of build-out, and benefits thereof; • | ability to attract and hire additional service providers, the strength of our brand, the build-out of additional production lines, our ability to optimize our manufacturing process, our future product development and roadmap and the future demand for our lithium-ion battery solutions; and • | use of proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock under this prospectus, if any. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our
control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described
in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We discuss in greater
detail many of these risks under the section titled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus, and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our
estimates and assumptions only 6 Table of Contents as of the date of the document containing the applicable statement. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new
information or future events or developments. You should read this prospectus, together with the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with
this offering completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in the foregoing documents by these cautionary statements. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not
be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 7 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $250.0 million from time to time. Because
there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. There can be no assurance that, in the future, we
will sell any shares under or fully utilize the Sales Agreement with the Agents as a source of financing. We currently intend to use the
net proceeds of this offering, if any, to build out our battery cell manufacturing capacity, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. However, due to the uncertainties inherent in our business, it is difficult to estimate with certainty the exact amounts of the net proceeds,
if any, from this offering that may be used for the above purposes. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering, and investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the
application of those net proceeds. The timing and amount of our actual expenditures will be based on many factors, including cash flows from operations and the anticipated growth of our business. Pending the use of the proceeds from this offering,
we intend to invest the net proceeds from the offering that are not used as described above in investment-grade, interest-bearing instruments such as money market funds, corporate notes and bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and
guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 8 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any,
to fund the development and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors. 9 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in our common stock, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price
per share and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering. Our net tangible book value as
of July 2, 2023, was $247.3 million, or $1.56 per share. Net tangible book value is total tangible assets less our total liabilities divided by the number of outstanding shares of common stock prior to the completion of this offering. After giving effect to the assumed sale by us of shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of $250.0 million at an
assumed public offering price of $17.75 per share of common stock, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on August 8, 2023, and after deducting estimated commissions and estimated offering
expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of July 2, 2023 would have been $489.5 million, or $2.83 per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value per share of common
stock of $1.27 to existing stockholders and immediate dilution of $14.92 in net tangible book value per share of common stock to new investors purchasing common stock in this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution per share to
investors participating in this offering: Assumed public offering price per share of common stock | $ | 17.75
Net tangible book value per share of common stock at July 2, 2023 | $ | 1.56
Increase in as adjusted net tangible book value per share of common stock attributable to new investors | 1.27
As adjusted net tangible book value per share of common stock after giving effect to this offering | 2.83
Dilution per share to new investors purchasing shares of common stock in this offering | $ | 14.92 The shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at various prices. Assuming all of
the common stock in an aggregate amount of $250.0 million is sold in this offering at the assumed public offering price of $17.75 per share, a $1.00 increase in such offering price would increase our as adjusted net tangible book value per
share after this offering to $1.29 per share and the dilution to new investors to $15.91 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. A $1.00 decrease in the assumed public offering price of $17.75 per share
would decrease our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after this offering to $1.26 per share and the dilution to new investors to $13.93 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The information
discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price, the actual number of shares that we offer in this offering, and other terms of this offering determined at the time of each offer and sale. The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 158,911,419 shares of common stock outstanding as of
July 2, 2023, excluding: • | 4,425,014 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, as of July 2, 2023, with a weighted-average exercise price of $9.17 per share; • | 13,898,172 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units as of July 2, 2023; • | 14,306,709 shares reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as of July 2, 2023, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; • | 8,346,773 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of July 2, 2023, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; and 10 Table of Contents • | 6,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of July 2, 2023, with an exercise price of $11.50 per share. To the extent that stock options or warrants are exercised, restricted stock
units or performance restricted stock units vest, new stock options, warrants, restricted stock units or performance restricted stock units are issued under our equity incentive plans, or we issue additional shares of common stock in the future,
there will be further dilution to investors participating in this offering. 11 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We have entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, or the Sales
Agreement, with the Agents. Pursuant to this prospectus, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $250.0 million from time to time through the Agents acting as sales agents. A copy of the
Sales Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-3 of which this prospectus forms a part. Sales of the shares of our common stock, if any, may be made on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market at market prices and such other sales as agreed upon by us and the Agents. Upon delivery of a placement notice to an Agent
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, such Agent may sell shares of our common stock by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the
Securities Act. We may instruct the Agents not to sell common stock if the sales cannot be effected at or above the price designated by us from time to time. We or the Agents may suspend the offering of common stock upon notice and subject to other
conditions. We will pay the Agents’ commissions, in cash, for their services in acting as sales agents in the sale of our common
stock. The aggregate compensation payable to each Agent will be up to 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares of common stock by such Agent pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We have also agreed to reimburse a portion of the
Agents’ expenses, including the legal fees, in connection with this offering, and disbursements of its legal counsel, (a) in an amount not to exceed $100,000 in connection with the execution of the Sales Agreement, (b) in an amount
not to exceed $10,000 per calendar quarter thereafter payable in connection with each representation date with respect to which we are obligated to deliver a certificate to the Agents pursuant to the Sales Agreement for which no waiver is applicable
and excluding the date of the Sales Agreement, and (c) in an amount not to exceed $25,000 for each program “refresh” (filing of a new registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to the shares of common stock
to be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement and/or an amendment of the Sales Agreement) executed pursuant to the Sales Agreement. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110 these reimbursed fees and expenses are deemed sales compensation in connection with
this offering. We estimate that the total expenses for the offering, excluding compensation and reimbursements, if any, payable to the Agents under the terms of the Sales Agreement, will be approximately $300,000. Because there is no minimum
offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. Settlement for sales of shares of common stock will occur on the second trading day following the date on which any sales are made (or such
earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading), or on some other date that is agreed upon by us and the applicable Agent in connection with a particular transaction, in return for payment of the
net proceeds to us. Sales of our common stock as contemplated in this prospectus will be settled through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company or by such other means as we and the applicable Agent may agree upon. There is no arrangement for
funds to be received in an escrow, trust or similar arrangement. The Agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts, consistent
with their normal trading and sales practices, to solicit offers to purchase shares of our common stock under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. In connection with the sale of the shares of common stock on our
behalf, each of the Agents will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation of such Agent will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide
indemnification and contribution to each Agent against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (1) the sales of all shares
of our common stock subject to the Sales Agreement, or (2) the termination of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. We and the Agents may each terminate the Sales Agreement at any time upon ten days’ prior notice. 12 Table of Contents Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. has provided various investment banking services to us. The
Agents and their respective affiliates may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services for us, our subsidiaries and our affiliates, for which services they may in the future receive customary
fees. To the extent required by Regulation M, the Agents will not engage in any market-making activities involving our common stock while the offering is ongoing under this prospectus. This prospectus in electronic format may be made available on a website maintained by either of the Agents, and each Agent may distribute this
prospectus electronically. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “ENVX.” 13 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Cooley LLP, Palo Alto, California will pass upon the validity of the shares of common stock offered hereby. Covington & Burling LLP,
New York, New York, is representing the Agents in connection with the offering. As of the date of this prospectus, GC&H Investments, LLC, an entity comprised of partners and associates of Cooley LLP, beneficially owns 20,614 shares of common
stock, and a partner of Cooley LLP owns 125,700 shares of Common Stock. EXPERTS The financial statements of Enovix Corporation and subsidiaries as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and for each of the three
years in the period ended January 1, 2023, incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement, and the effectiveness of Enovix Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023 have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the
Securities Act and does not contain all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may
not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other
document. Because we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge on our
website. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is http://www.enovix.com. Information contained on or accessible through our
website is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 14 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus from other documents that we file with the SEC,
which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information
incorporated by reference that we filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information in this prospectus. We incorporate by reference into
this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part the information or documents listed below that we have filed with the SEC (Commission File No. 001-39753): • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2023; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2023 filed with the SEC on August 9, 2023 ; • | the information specifically incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023, including the supplement thereto, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2023; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022 (as amended on January 18, 2023 ), January 5, 2023 , January 20, 2023 , January 23, 2023 , January 25, 2023 , April 21, 2023 , April 26, 2023 , June 20, 2023 , June 26, 2023 , June 29, 2023 , and July 26, 2023 ; and • | the description of our common stock which is contained in a Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on December 1, 2020 under the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description, including Exhibit 4.4 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022. All filings
filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this prospectus. We also incorporate by reference any future filings (other than current reports furnished under Item 2.02 or Item
7.01 of Form 8-K and exhibits filed on such form that are related to such items unless such Form 8-K expressly provides to the contrary) made with the SEC pursuant to
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Information in such future filings updates and supplements the information provided in this prospectus. Any statements in any such future filings will automatically be deemed to modify and
supersede any information in any document we previously filed with the SEC that is incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference to the extent that statements in the later filed document modify or replace such earlier statements. You can request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Enovix Corporation 3501 W. Warren
Avenue Fremont, California 94538 Attn: Chief Legal Officer (510) 695-2350 15 Table of Contents Up to $250,000,000 Common Stock PROSPECTUS Cantor | Oppenheimer & Co. , 2023 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth an estimate of the fees and expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in
connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered. All the amounts shown are estimates, except for the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee. Amount
SEC registration fee | $ | 110,200
Nasdaq Global Select Market fee | (1)
FINRA filing fee | $ | 150,500
Accounting fees and expenses | (1)
Legal fees and expenses | (1)
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses | (1)
Printing and miscellaneous fees and expenses | (1)
Total | $ | (1) (1) | The amount of securities and number of offerings are indeterminable and the expenses cannot be estimated at this time. An estimate of the aggregate expenses in connection with the sale and distribution of securities being offered will be included in the applicable prospectus supplement. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant,
indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and may indemnify our other employees and agents. Our amended and restated bylaws also provides that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred by a director or
officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of
whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered into
indemnification agreements with our directors and officers whereby we have agreed to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law, including indemnification against expenses and liabilities incurred in legal
proceedings to which the director or officer was, or is threatened to be made, a party by reason of the fact that such director or officer is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Enovix, provided that such director or officer acted in
good faith and in a manner that the director or officer reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest of Enovix. We
maintain insurance policies that indemnify our directors and officers against various liabilities arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, that might be incurred by any director or officer in his or her capacity as such. The underwriting agreement(s) that we may enter into may provide for indemnification by any underwriters of Enovix, our directors, our
officers who sign the registration statement and our controlling persons for some liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. II-1 Table of Contents Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted
for directors, executive officers or persons controlling us, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 16. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule/ Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
1.2 | Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, by and among the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., dated as of August 9, 2023 | X
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 22, 2021 | 8-K | 001-39753 | 2.1 | February 22, 2021
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation | 8-K | 001-39753 | 3.1 | July 19, 2021
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws | 8-K | 001-39753 | 3.2 | July 19, 2021
4.1 | Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant | S-4/A | 333-253976 | 4.5 | June 21, 2021
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate | S-1/A | 333-250042 | 4.3 | November 25, 2020
4.4 | Warrant Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, by and between Computershare Inc. and Enovix Corporation | 8-K | 001-39753 | 4.3 | July 19, 2021
4.5* | Form of Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate and Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock
4.6 | Form of Indenture | X
4.7* | Form of Debt Securities
4.8 | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
4.9 | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
4.10 | Form of Debt Securities Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
5.1 | Opinion of Cooley LLP | X
23.1 | Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP | X
23.3 | Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) | X
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form S-3) | X II-2 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule/ Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
25.1** | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Indenture
107 | Filing Fee Table | X * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report filed under the Exchange Act and incorporated herein by reference, if applicable. ** | To be filed, if applicable, in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act and the applicable rules thereunder. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities
offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective
registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed
in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that
paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of this registration statement. (b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (d) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date
the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and II-3 Table of Contents (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as
part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall
be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the
prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or
prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time
of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such
effective date. (e) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in
the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the
securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such
securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus
relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (f) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in
the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (g) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 Table of Contents (h) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Fremont, State
of California, on August 9, 2023. ENOVIX CORPORATION
By: | /s/ Dr. Raj Talluri
Dr. Raj Talluri
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dr. Raj Talluri, Farhan Ahmad
and Arthi Chakravarthy, and each of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or
her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by this
registration statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and generally to do all such things in their names and behalf in their capacities as officers and directors to enable Enovix Corporation to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, and all requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Dr. Raj Talluri Dr. Raj Talluri | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | August 9, 2023
/s/ Farhan Ahmad Farhan Ahmad | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | August 9, 2023
/s/ Thurman J. “T.J.” Rodgers Thurman J. “T.J.” Rodgers | Chairman | August 9, 2023
/s/ Betsy Atkins Betsy Atkins | Director | August 9, 2023
/s/ Pegah Ebrahimi Pegah Ebrahimi | Director | August 9, 2023 II-6 Table of Contents Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Bernard Gutmann Bernard Gutmann | Director | August 9, 2023
/s/ Emmanuel T. Hernandez Emmanuel T. Hernandez | Director | August 9, 2023
/s/ Joseph Malchow Joseph Malchow | Director | August 9, 2023
/s/ Gregory Reichow Gregory Reichow | Director | August 9, 2023 II-7