S-1 1 tm2035822d1_s1.htm FORM S-1 As Filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2020 Registration No. 333-_______ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 RODGERS
SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 6770 | 85-3174357
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 535 Eastview Way Woodside, CA 94062 Telephone : (650)722-1753 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Thurman J. Rodgers, Chief Executive
Officer Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. 535 Eastview Way Woodside, CA 94062 Telephone : (650)722-1753 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and
Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service) Copies to: Mitchell Nussbaum Giovanni Caruso Loeb & Loeb LLP 345 Park Avenue New York, New York 10154 Tel: (212) 407-4000 Fax: (212) 407-4990 | Elliott M. Smith Jessica Y. Chen White & Case LLP 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Tel: (212) 819-8200 Fax: (212) 354-8113 Approximate date of commencement of
proposed sale to the public : As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ¨ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering. ¨ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box
and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act. ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered | Amount Being Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Security (1) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) | Amount of Registration Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (2) | 23,000,000 Units | $ | 10.00 | $ | 230,000,000 | $ | 25,093
Shares of common stock included as part of the units (3) | 23,000,000 Shares | — | — | — | ​ (4)
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units (3) | 11,500,000 warrants | — | — | — | ​ (4)
Total | $ | 230,000,000 | $ | 25,093 (1) Estimated
solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) Includes
3,000,000 Units, consisting of 3,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,500,000 redeemable warrants, which may be issued on exercise
of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters. (3) Pursuant
to Rule 416 under the Securities Act, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as
may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (4) No
fee pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment
which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities
and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this
prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting
an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
 NOVEMBER 12, 2020 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS $200,000,000 Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition
Corp. 20,000,000 Units Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp.
is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial
business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. While we will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region, given the experience of our management team, our acquisition and value creation strategy will be
to identify, acquire, and build a Silicon Valley-based technology company with applications in the energy or industrial sectors. This is an initial public offering of our
securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment, terms and limitations as described herein. Only whole warrants are exercisable. The
warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months
from the closing of this offering, and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus. The underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of
this prospectus to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares for cash, subject to applicable law and certain conditions as
described herein. Our sponsor, Rodgers Capital, LLC, has
agreed to purchase 6,000,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing
of this offering. These warrants, which we refer to as the “private placement warrants,” are identical to the warrants
sold as part of the units in this offering, subject to limited exceptions as further described herein. Our sponsor currently owns
5,750,000 shares of common stock. Currently, there is no public market
for our securities. We have applied to list our units on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “RSVAU”
We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We cannot guarantee that our
securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. We expect that the common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin
separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. the representative of
the underwriters, informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions.
Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the common stock and warrants will be listed on
Nasdaq under the symbols “RSVA” and “RSVAW” respectively. We are an “emerging growth
company” and a “smaller reporting company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced
public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 32 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities.
Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this
prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Unit | Total
Public offering price | $ | 10.00 | $ | 200,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) | $ | 0.55 | $ | 11,000,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to us | $ | 9.45 | $ | 189,000,000 (1) Includes
$0.35 per unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate (or $8,050,000 in the aggregate if the underwriter’s over-allotment option
is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located
in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriter only upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
See also “Underwriting” for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriter. Of the proceeds we receive from this offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $200,000,000, or $230,000,000 if the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.00 per unit in either case), will be deposited into a trust account with Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and approximately $6,000,000 million will be available to pay fees and expenses
in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following the closing of this offering. The underwriters are offering the units
on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about [ ], 2020. Sole Book-Running Manager Oppenheimer & Co. [•] , 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page RISK FACTORS | 32
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 62
USE OF PROCEEDS | 63
DIVIDEND POLICY | 66
DILUTION | 67
CAPITALIZATION | 69
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 70
PROPOSED BUSINESS | 76
MANAGEMENT | 105
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS | 114
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS | 116
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES | 118
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS | 130
UNDERWRITING | 138
LEGAL MATTERS | 144
EXPERTS | 144
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 144
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | F-1 We are responsible for the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information,
and we take no responsibility for any other information others may give to you. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer
to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained
in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus. 1 SUMMARY This summary only highlights the more
detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information
under the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, or the context otherwise requires,
references to: • “common
stock” are to our common stock,$.0001 par value ; • “founder
shares” are to the 5,750,000 shares of our common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to
this offering (including up to an aggregate of 750,000 shares of our common stock subject to forfeiture depending on the extent
to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part), and the shares of our common stock
issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; • “initial
stockholders” are to the holders of our founder shares prior to this offering (or their permitted transferees); • “management”
or our “management team” are to our officers and directors; • “private
placement warrants” are to the warrants to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing
of this offering; • “public
shares” are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this
offering or thereafter in the open market); • “public
stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent
our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder’s
and member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” shall only exist with respect to such public
shares; • “public
warrants” are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering
or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or its permitted
transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties
that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation
of our initial business combination; • “sponsor”
are to Rodgers Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; • “warrants”
are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they
are no longer held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees; and • “we,”
 “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp . ,
a Delaware corporation. Each unit consists of one share of common
stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant for each unit purchased. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple
of two units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number
of warrants. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information
in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. 2 Our Company General We are a newly incorporated
Delaware blank check company whose purpose is to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial
business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. The mission of
the Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corporation is to provide fundamental public technology investors with early access to
an excellent technology company from Silicon Valley, where each of our founders and directors has lived or worked for at least
a decade (and in the case of our CEO, 50 years). Two of our members are active venture capitalists. Our Board and our advisors
are connected to well over 500 technology companies, a majority of which are in Silicon Valley, where “connected”
means having direct investment, holding a board seat, or, at a minimum, having vetted a company’s business plan. Each member
of our management team thus has a network of talented people who help evaluate ideas. We plan to target companies
that compete in the areas of peak activity in Silicon Valley: Green Energy,
electrification, and storage : all types of solar components and systems, fuel cells, green hydrogen, energy storage
systems, including advanced batteries, and the software infrastructure that enables the interoperability of these new technologies Smart
Industry (IoT) : internet-connected silicon, sensors, and software connected to the Internet of Things (IoT)
to transform industries including agriculture, health care, construction, logistics and manufacturing Artificial intelligence :
cognitive neural networks, autonomous vehicle control for both logistics and mobility, and massively parallel computers optimized
for machine learning The new manufacturing
wave : self-configuring automatic assembly lines, high-speed additive manufacturing at scale, novel materials, and
computer vision with learning capabilities Each of these
markets is global, and each is of considerable size. The global electric vehicle market, for instance, is projected to reach
$550 billion by 2024 from $257 billion in 2019 at a CAGR of 16.4%, according to a Business Communications Company Research
report dated January 2020. Grid-edge battery investments, which in 2019 in the U.S. totaled $712 million, are on track to
reach just under $2 billion this year, and double again in 2021, according to a Wood Mackenzie report dated March 10, 2020.
In May 2020, for the first time since 1960, American households’ aggregate expenditure on electricity exceeded what
they spent on gas, according to a Bloomberg report dated October 2020. The
electrification of industry is also a substantial opportunity. Industry consumed approximately 20% of its energy in the form
of electricity in 2017, according to a McKinsey & Company report dated May 2020. This figure can more than double, to
approximately 50%, with solar, fuel cells, green gas, and battery technology in production now due to the record low cost of
wholesale solar energy, with new plants now capable of producing electricity at less than $0.02 per kilowatt hour, according
to a report by CleanTechnica dated August 30, 2020. The number of
businesses that use the IoT technologies has increased from 13% in 2014 to about 25% today. In addition, the worldwide number
of IoT-connected devices is projected to increase to 43 billion by 2023, which would account for over five IoT devices for
every human on Earth. From a roughly $2.5 billion market in 2018, IoT use cases are expected to grow to $17 billion in 2023
at a CAGR of 48%, according to a McKinsey & Company report dated July 22, 2019. The market for
artificial intelligence chips was valued at $8 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach $70 billion by 2026 at a
CAGR of 35%, according to an Electronic Engineering Times report dated April 23, 2020. In 2019, cloud computing providers
purchased 40% of AI chips, and this share is expected to expand at a rate of 30% annually through 2026. Software is expected
to capture 80% of the worldwide $156 billion AI market in 2020, for a value of $124 billion, according to an International
Data Corporation report dated August 4, 2020. 3 Our Founding Team Competencies We believe that
the greatest value we offer to a private technology company is our collective expertise in creating, building and
establishing effective business processes in young companies both before and after they become public. As detailed below, our
team includes Thurman J. “T.J.” Rodgers, who, as a 34-year public company CEO, took startup Cypress
Semiconductor from zero to $1.8 billion in annual revenue; and as chairman, led the turnaround of startup SunPower
Corporation to its initial public offering (IPO); and, as a director, launched and helped lead the turnaround of Enphase
Energy, a publicly traded solar company, from $1.35 per share in the first quarter of 2017 to $82.59 per share by the third
quarter of 2020. Rodgers has published a book on business process development and deployment; implemented corporate quality
control systems in multiple companies in manufacturing, research and development, or R&D, finance, sales and even the
legal and human resources, or HR departments; and helped design and construct a fully automated manufacturing lines for
semiconductors at Cypress Semiconductor, for solar cells at SunPower and for Li-ion batteries at startup Enovix. Our CFO is Emmanuel
T. Hernandez, the former CFO of both Cypress Semiconductor, where he effected more than 10 mergers, and SunPower, where he created
the company’s formal financial infrastructure and managed its IPO. He has served in the critical capacity of chairman or
audit committee chairman on the boards of several public companies, including ON Semiconductor. Our four independent
directors include our audit committee chairman, Steven J. Gomo, an ex-NetApp and ex-HP executive who currently chairs the
audit committee of Micron Technology. More critical to our effort, he has successfully helped several young companies install financial
processes designed to help these companies with their compliance with the requirements of Sarbanes Oxley, a step that we believe
is crucial to sound accounting. Lisan Hung has
been providing business and legal solutions for over 26 years to Silicon Valley technology and semiconductor companies ranging
from start-ups to publicly-traded companies. She is currently General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Enphase. Prior to Enphase,
she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Crocus Technology, Inc. and Kovio, Inc. and advanced her legal career for 10
years in Advanced Micro Devices (“AMD”). Joseph I. Malchow started
two software companies before founding Hanover Technology Investment Management, a Sand Hill Road venture capital firm specializing
in software, particularly artificial intelligence. Malchow’s companies build complex software systems for flagship customers‒including
Uber, Tesla, Amazon and the U.S. Department of Defense. John D. McCranie moved
to Silicon Valley 47 years ago. After multiple positions as EVP and CEO, he culminated his career as a professional semiconductor
board member who served on the boards of 10 semiconductor companies with an average tenure of 6.4 years, including serving simultaneously
as chairman of the board of both spinouts of Motorola Semiconductor, Freescale Semiconductor and ON Semiconductor, where he led
a multi-year restructuring. We believe that our
management team’s operating expertise, transaction experience and relationships will provide us with a substantial number
of attractive potential business combination targets. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Management” for
a more complete description of our management team’s experience. Our Management Team Thurman J.
 “T.J.” Rodgers is our CEO, chairman and founder. After starting Cypress Semiconductor, he and his team received
funding in April 1983, and took the company public in just 37 months, during which time a new wafer fabrication plant was
built and commissioned. He served 34 years as the company’s CEO until his retirement in 2016, by which time Cypress had
grown to $1.8 billion in annual revenue and built four manufacturing plants, three of which are in the U.S. Dr. Rodgers
received 17 of his 20 U.S. patents while at Cypress and has been inducted into the Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame.
He wrote a Harvard Business Review article and follow-up book entitled “No Excuses Management,”
detailing some of the formal business processes developed and formalized to help startup Cypress Semiconductor get over the
$100 million revenue hurdle. For his work at Cypress, Rodgers received the Stanford Graduate School of Business Encore Award
as Entrepreneur of the Year in 1988 and the equivalent award from Ernst & Young in 1991. 4 Rodgers is also credited
with saving the fledgling startup SunPower Corporation by writing an emergency $750,000 personal check during the 2001 dotcom crisis.
He then acquired SunPower for Cypress, led its operational turnaround as chairman, took the company public in 2005 and finally
spun Cypress’s 48.8% position out in a $3.6 billion stock dividend to Cypress shareholders in 2008. In addition to the SunPower
stock dividend, during his tenure, Cypress paid shareholders $425 million in dividends and bought back $4 billion in shares. In January 2017, Rodgers
was invited to invest in and join the board of Enphase Energy during a financially challenging time for the company. His technical
review convinced him that Enphase had the best solar inverter in the world, but the company needed to be run more efficiently to
be financially successful‒and its culture needed to become more supportive of its customers and even the company itself.
Working with the board, Rodgers brought in Enphase’s current CEO, ex-Cypress EVP Badri Kothandaraman, to address the
company’s problems, which Rodgers believed had a common underlying cause: under-developed or non-existent business
processes, broadly impacting almost every discipline. Kothandaraman’s team effort led to a dramatic improvement in financial
performance: the company’s operating margin improved by 30% in the two years ended 2019, and its share price increased from
a price of $1.37 per share in the first quarter of 2017 to $82.59 per share in the third quarter of 2020. In addition, CEO Kothandaraman,
demonstrated the value of his “10,000-hours of training in design” by personally spending several months leading
the rework of the company’s new-product development process. Rodgers believes that the CEO’s conspicuous effort
drove the Enphase team through the second-product barrier often suffered by immature companies. In July 2020, Enphase brought
to market the world’s first all-in-one, grid-independent smart energy system. Rodgers now believes that Enphase
has reached stability as a public company and attends only board and strategy committee meetings along with providing some M&A
consulting. In addition to Enphase,
Rodgers currently serves on the boards and/or technical advisory boards of several high-tech companies: Solaria (solar panels),
FTC (utility-scale solar trackers), Enovix (high-capacity silicon Li-ion batteries), and NexGen (gallium nitride power
transistors). He received an AB from Dartmouth College in 1970, where he received the Hazeltine award as the top student in physics
and chemistry and was the class salutatorian overall. He holds MS and PhD degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University
and remains technically active. Emmanuel T. Hernandez
is our CFO and serves as a director. He is currently the chairman of the Board of Directors of BrainChip–a publicly traded
Australian artificial intelligence company and is also the chairman of the audit committee of transistor stalwart ON Semiconductor.
He was the CFO of SunPower Corporation from 2005 to 2008, during which time he oversaw the company’s IPO and raised $1 billion
in public funding. From 1994 to 2005, he was the EVP Finance & Administration and CFO of Cypress Semiconductor, where he managed
annual revenue growth from $300 million to $1 billion, completed 10 mergers and formalized the company’s M&A business
process. Prior to that, from 1976 to 1993, he held a series of positions at National Semiconductor, a pioneer Silicon Valley semiconductor
company. He holds an MBA degree in Finance from Golden Gate University and a BSC in accounting from the University of Nueva Caceres
in the Philippines. Steven J. Gomo serves
as an independent director and as our audit committee chairman. Currently, Gomo serves as the chairman of the audit committees
of Enphase Energy (solar systems), semiconductor memory giant Micron Technology, Nutanix (enterprise software) and Solaria (solar
systems). He is an experienced CFO, having served at NetApp (data services and management), Gemplus International (smart cards),
Asera (supply chain management software), and RISC-computer pioneer, Silicon Graphics. Gomo started his Silicon Valley career
at Hewlett-Packard in 1974. John D. McCranie serves
as an independent director. After his early career in semiconductor sales, he became the EVP of Sales & Marketing for Harris
Corporation, the CEO of SEEQ Technology and Virage Logic, and then joined Cypress Semiconductor as EVP of Sales & Marketing
(1994-2001), where he developed Cypress’s business processes for product pricing, product introduction, sales compensation,
sales training, and running large international sales conferences. He has held 10 board positions in the semiconductor industry,
including nine years on the Cypress board. Six of his board positions involved significant restructuring, including the multi-year
restructuring of ON Semiconductor, which he led. Lisan Hung serves
as an independent director. She has been providing business and legal solutions for over 26 years to Silicon Valley technology
and semiconductor companies ranging from start-ups to publicly-traded companies. Her experience includes M&A, SEC reporting,
corporate governance, financing, IP strategy, data privacy, commercial and technology transactions, international expansion, litigation
and dispute resolution and board-level related matters. She is currently General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Enphase. Prior
to Enphase, she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Crocus Technology, Inc. (magnetic sensors) and Kovio, Inc. (printed
electronics). During her previous 10 years at AMD, she was on the team that formed and divested Spansion Inc. and supported the
antitrust litigation against Intel Corporation. She holds a JD from Santa Clara University and BS in Political Economy from UC
Berkeley. 5 Joseph I. Malchow serves
as an independent director. He is the Founding General Partner at Hanover Technology Investment Management (“Hanover”),
a Sand Hill Road venture capital firm. Earlier, he cofounded Publir, a prominent market-maker in digital ads. Hanover focuses on
Seed and Series A investments in software companies in artificial intelligence, developer tooling, data and computing infrastructure
and digital security in a number of specific verticals including finance and credit, freight and logistics, national security technology,
and construction and infrastructure. Malchow has originated investments in 25 companies including RelatelQ (sales and marketing),
Socotra (insurance), Sourcegraph (code search), Material Security (email security), Elementl (graph programming language), Retool
(low-code environment), Premise Data (data gathering), Golden (semantic knowledge base), Mattermost (chatops), Solugen (next-generation
chemical synthesis) and Flatfile (data infrastructure). He also serves on the board of Enphase Energy, where he focuses on software
and data strategy. Malchow has often provided
the first capital to innovative software ventures because he often gets an early look at new software ventures because entrepreneurs
value his advice on new business formation, technology strategy, business alliances, political risk and opportunity and product
pipeline. He was named to the Forbes 30 under 30 list in 2012 and is a Robert L. Bartley Fellow of The Wall Street Journal ,
based on his contributions. Malchow earned an AB from Dartmouth College in 2008, after which he studied at the law and business
schools of Stanford University, receiving a JD in 2013. The past performance
of our management team or that of our sponsor is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You
should not rely on the historical record of our management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. Our Advisor Gregory D. Reichow serves as an advisor. He is a general
partner of Eclipse Ventures, which specializes in modernizing physical industries such as manufacturing, logistics, transportation,
computation, energy, and healthcare. Our company intends to appoint other advisors as well. Our Target Selection Criteria The selection criteria
for our initial business combination are thus designed, in our opinion, to find the best private company candidates for public
ownership: 1. | Public company readiness . The company must be ready to be a public company or be both able and willing to become ready quickly. This does not necessarily mean having a string of profitable quarters, but we believe the company must have in place the management team, corporate culture and basic business processes durable enough to withstand the scrutiny of public markets. 6 2. | A technically dominant product that is either a visionary new product aimed at a fast-growing market or a replacement product with overwhelming advantages that is designed to rapidly take market share from an entrenched competitor on a technical (not price) basis. 3. | Enthusiastic customers who are willing to endorse the company and its new product or capabilities to the company’s investors. 4. | Excellent employee core values , as defined by Stanford’s Jim Collins and Jerry Porras in their classic book “Built to Last”, with as many of the following core values as possible: o | Smart, tough and hardworking people o | Truthful, concise and non-political in communication, especially about bad news o | Objective, logical, data-driven in decision making o | Problem solvers who take responsibility for problems and solve them skillfully and quickly o | Committed to their company‒and vice versa, with all employees preferably being shareholders o | Committed to each other; people who like being with their friends at work 5. | An excellent company culture o | A learning culture that speaks and writes precisely and embraces new ideas o | A quality culture that demands excellence in everything it does from its most challenging product to its memos o | A confident, but not arrogant, can-do culture that is passionate about winning and delivering results o | A culture that respects capital as judged by its conspicuous avoidance of extravagance and effective cost control programs 6. | An excellent management team that o | Runs the company precisely with fully deployed, written quarterly objectives o | Leads the company by example with an exemplary work ethic demonstrated by key executives who have put in their “10,000 hours of practice,” as described by Malcom Gladwell in the book “Outliers” o | Displays impatience with delays in new products or important company initiatives 7. | A plan to grow rapidly by taking a dominant share of a growing medium sized market versus a small share of a huge market, as explained by Peter Thiel in his book “Zero to One.” 8. | Excellent gross margin , even at moderate product volumes‒with the runway to dramatically reduce costs as competitors counterattack. 9. | A second product on schedule with a credible R&D effort that may temporarily depress operating margins. 10. | A Silicon Valley technology company . 11. | A plan that allows the company, at least nominally, to meet street expectations ‒appropriately for either milestones or financials‒for at least four quarters after becoming a public company. We will focus primarily on criteria one through six above. We believe that small companies need to build good cultures and have
strong core values to survive. The Enphase Energy turnaround detailed below is an example of the “great product, but work
on the company” paradigm. 7 Our Business Strategy One of our business
theses is that the time-proven IPO process imposes avoidable delays and costs on both new companies and investors. We believe
the increase in SPAC IPO issuance and merger activity in 2020 validates the SPAC’s ability to address some of the problems
with the IPO process. Public technology investors
today commonly discuss these issues surrounding a typical technology IPO scenario: 1. | Long delays in the IPO process . Fundamental technology investors find it difficult to own stock in new technology companies during their pre-revenue and/or pre-profit phases because technology companies are typically required by most investment banks to produce a string of revenue growth quarters with profit or near-profit before they are allowed to do an IPO. We may offer earlier access to a technology company that is reporting milestones as opposed to revenue or profits, but we will certainly also consider companies on the IPO track, with growing revenue on the path to profitability. 2. | No IPO stock allocation . Many public market investors say they cannot get an allocation of a new IPO unless they enjoy preferred-customer status with one of the IPO’s sponsoring investment banks. Our mission is to offer fundamental technology investors an opportunity to take a long-term position in a good Silicon Valley technology company. 3. | IPO discount . We all have seen the share price of a new IPO jump significantly during the first few days of trading. This implied discount in the IPO price encourages early turnover of the IPO shares and forces fundamental technology shareholders to pay higher share prices in the aftermarket to accumulate a position. Our team has watched
our new technology companies face these issues in a typical IPO scenario: 1. | Late-stage public funding expensive and hard to source. In the period just prior to profitability, a company may need large amounts of working capital or more capacity or to exploit an R&D breakthrough‒all good signs. Unfortunately, this cash drain is often funded with significant dilution by venture capital or high-coupon debt. We intend to bring public investment in a private company earlier, without the IPO gauntlet. 2. | Pre-IPO R&D stall . Prior to its IPO, a company is incentivized to hold down operating expense, including R&D expenses, to bolster its profitability. This may delay second-product introduction and other investments that put the company at a disadvantage relative to its more mature competitors for a period of a year or more; i.e., for the time needed to create the string of profitable quarters often mandated by investment banks. 3. | Low corporate visibility . Privately held companies can certainly become prominent in the era of the unicorn, but we believe there is nothing like open debate in the market over a company’s prospects to make the public‒not to mention prospective customers and business partners‒aware of an important new company. The use of SPACs to
effect public offerings earlier can bring on potential new problems caused by the accelerated entry of immature companies into
public markets. For our target candidate, we intend to address the following common problems and mitigate them to the best of our
ability. 1. | Incomplete or inaccurate financial reports may lead to bad internal business decisions and sometimes even re-statements. We will work to install Sarbanes-Oxley-compatible systems in our target companies as early as possible. 2. | Second product stall (R&D based) . We have observed that R&D product pipelines can also stall if a startup company relies solely on a group of very good engineers whose skill allows them to develop a new product with informal new-product documentation and scheduling systems. When some of those engineers move on or move up, the company’s R&D pipeline may suffer from repeated rework delays. We have robust scheduling and product definition systems available. 8 3. | Revenue over-forecasting . The use of third-party sales funnel software is now common, but we have observed that poor quality control of the funnel data input, and the use of simplistic algorithms to create revenue estimates from sales funnel data often lead to inflated revenue predictions. We understand these problems and have systems to address them. 4. | High manufacturing costs . Manufacturing creates many high-quality blue-collar jobs, but America’s manufacturing sector has been shrinking, and with it the pool of people to hire. This forces companies to automate manufacturing. Several members of our team are manufacturing experts who can, if needed, assist our target company in building a manufacturing plant that is competitive and fully automated. These skills are also directly applicable to the increasingly common use of subcontract manufacturers, who we believe must also be tightly connected to the parent company for good results. 5. | Poor product quality . Quality should be a way of life in all corporate activities, not just a mathematical system to measure and eliminate product defects. For example, we view Sarbanes-Oxley practices as financial quality-assurance systems. Several of us have worked personally for years on corporate-level quality systems and quality culture development‒abstract processes that really matter. 6. | Inadequate planning often shows up in public reports, for example, as late new products, long product lead times, quarterly revenue misses and unanticipated competitor success. We often see immature companies plan poorly or even do no planning in some disciplines. While we certainly cannot promise to fix the list of maladies above, we can share excellent planning tools in multiple disciplines with our top-few target companies. We expect to leverage
the full resources of the management team to help optimize business strategies, drive operational improvements and cultivate managerial
talent on behalf of our initial business combination. Our Business Process The mission of
the Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corporation is to provide fundamental public technology investors with early access to
an excellent technology company from Silicon Valley. (We are focused on Silicon Valley but are not strictly limited to
bringing forward Silicon Valley companies.) After our top-few target companies are identified, we will analyze their
business processes, systems, and disciplines relative to what we believe is required for stable and predictable performance.
Then, if the target desires our consultation, we will offer our help, as well as the help of our portfolio companies that
have agreed to share their best-practices. Finally, we will offer
our target company consulting support from our internal and external experts.
Given that strategy, some of our key directors may remain on the board of the combined company. Although we have not
selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with
one or more of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
company, we, or a committee of our independent directors, will obtain outside opinions to assess the fairness of the combination
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation
opinions to ensure that our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders prior to their vote to on our initial business
combination. Following this offering,
members of our management team will directly or indirectly own our common stock and may also own our private placement warrants.
This may also lead to individual conflicts of interest when we determine whether a particular target business is appropriate for
our initial business combination or when we choose directors for the combined company. Any conflicts will be disclosed to shareholders
prior to their vote on the initial business combination. 9 Our Investment Criteria We have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will
focus on these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business
combination with a target business that does not meet one or more these criteria and guidelines. · | Companies that operate in industries and sectors that are ripe for technological disruption or are currently undergoing fundamental transformations. We plan to identify sectors that are in the process of or have significant potential to replace a current solution or process with a more automated method. We will seek to acquire a business that operates wi thin an industry that is witnessing at least one or more trends, mentioned above, which we believe are driving the opportunity within technology enabled services. · | Companies with an attractive and defensible competitive position. We will target companies with defensible market positions that we believe offer long-term competitive advantages. These could include proprietary technology, a leading product suite, strong market share or actionable path to gain significant market share or creative use of existing technology that we believe is enduring and unique. · | Compelling growth prospects. We view growth as an important driver of value and will seek companies whose growth potential can generate meaningful upside through both organic growth and meaningful opportunity for add-on acquisitions. · | Strong preference for business models with contractually recurring revenue. We will focus on companies with subscription-based or otherwise recurring revenues under multi-year contracts. · | High gross margins and significant operating leverage. We will seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only proven business models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also inherently profitable unit economics that will yield significant economies of scale and expanding profit margins with continued growth. · | Low customer churn and compelling customer acquisition cost relative to lifetime customer value. We believe the best opportunities will be companies which have demonstrated the ability to win new customers cost effectively and retain them for long periods of time, generating a compelling return on investments in sales and marketing. · | Strong management teams. We will spend significant time assessing a company’s leadership and evaluating what we can do to augment and/or upgrade the team over time if needed. We have deep experience partnering with motivated, capable management teams and can identify a top team. · | Accretive use of proceeds. We will seek investment opportunities where our capital will help fund growth, not just provide shareholder liquidity. We believe it is important that our transaction will help create shareholder value by funding the development of new products, increasing investment in sales and marketing or capacity expansion. · | Appropriate valuations. We will seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe will provide significant upside potential with limited downside risk. · | Benefit from being a public company. We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company, including potential for value-expanding acquisitions and greater branding in the marketplace. 10 These criteria are
not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based,
to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may
deem relevant. In the event that we find an opportunity that has characteristics
more compelling to us than the characteristics described above, we would pursue such opportunity. Our Acquisition Process Our sponsor believes
that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the technology industry.
In evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review that will encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, financial analyses
and technology reviews, as well as a review of other information that will be made available to us. We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officers, or our directors,
subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that
is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to us from a financial point of view. Members of our management
team may directly or indirectly own our securities following this offering, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination
if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. We currently do not have any specific targets
for an initial business combination selected. None of our officers and directors, nor has anyone on their behalf contacted or had
any discussions with possible target businesses in which they directly or indirectly proposed or encouraged a potential target
to consider a possible combination with us. We have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business
or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a business combination transaction with any prospective target business. As described in “Proposed
Business — Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets” and “Management — Conflicts of
Interest,” each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such
opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such
opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and
(iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities
to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties
to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the
opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual
or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our sponsor and our
officers, directors and director nominees have, with certain exceptions, agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become
an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. Those exceptions are those listed below under the heading Conflicts
of Interest , and include, as an exception, that Mr. Malchow serves as a director of Rice Acquisition Corp., and may continue
to serve as a director following an initial business combination effected by that special purpose acquisition company. 11 Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the
assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board
of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination
of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with
the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets
or prospects. We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such
a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in
order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete
an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment Company Act”. Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is
what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we
will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder
approval, as applicable. Our Business Combination Process In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a
review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site
inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We are not prohibited
from pursuing our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 12 Each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his
or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her
capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity
to us without violating another legal obligation. Our sponsor and our
officers, directors and director nominees have, with certain exceptions, agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become
an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. Those exceptions are those listed below under the heading Conflicts
of Interest , and include, as an exception, that Mr. Malchow serves as a director of Rice Acquisition Corp., and may continue
to serve as a director following an initial business combination effected by that special purpose acquisition company. Corporate Information Our executive offices
are located at 535 Eastview Way, Woodside, CA 94062 and our telephone number is (650)722-1753. We are an “emerging growth
company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”),
as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of
certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may
be more volatile. In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million
as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the
JOBS Act. Additionally, we are
a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceed $100 million during such
completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June
30. 13 THE OFFERING In deciding whether to invest in our
securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks
we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated
under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings.
You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Securities offered | 20,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of:
• one share of common stock; and
• one-half of one redeemable warrant.
Proposed Nasdaq symbols | Units: “RSVAU”
Common Stock: “RSVA”
Warrants: “RSVAW”
Trading commencement and separation of common stock and warrants | The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. We expect the common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple of two units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants.
In no event will the common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the net proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
Units:
Number outstanding before this offering | 0
Number outstanding after this offering | 20,000,000 (1) 14 Common stock:
Number outstanding before this offering | 5,750,000 shares (2)
Number outstanding after this offering | 25,000,000 (3) shares (or 28,750,000 shares if the underwriters exercise the over-allotment option in full)
Redeemable warrants:
Number of private placement warrants to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering | 6,000,000
Number of warrants to be outstanding after this offering and the private placement | 16,000,000 (or 17,500,000 if the underwriters exercise the over-allotment option in full) (1) Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture by our sponsor of 750,000 founder shares. (2) Includes up to an aggregate of 750,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. (3) Comprised of 20,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock (or founder shares). The Class B common stock is convertible into shares of our Class A common stock on a one for one basis, subject to adjustment as described below adjacent to the caption “Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights.” Assumes the underwriters’ over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 750,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor have been forfeited. Exercisability | Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock and only whole warrants are exercisable. We structured each unit to contain one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, as compared to units issued by some other similar blank check companies which contain whole warrants exercisable for one whole share, in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of an initial business combination as compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive initial business combination partner for target businesses.
Exercise price | $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. In addition, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares or private placement securities held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “newly issued price”), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price.
Exercise period | The warrants will become exercisable on the later of:
• 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, or
• 12 months from the closing of this offering; 15 provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement).
We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If the Section 3(a)(9) exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event that holders are able to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.
The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account.
Redemption of warrants | Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):
• in whole and not in part;
• at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
• upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and
• if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 16 We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering.
If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” for additional information.
None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Founder shares | In September 2020, our sponsor purchased 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued.
The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. As such, our initial stockholders will collectively own 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Neither our sponsor nor any of our officers or directors have expressed an intention to purchase any units in this offering. 17 Up to an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our sponsor, depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part so that our initial stockholders will maintain ownership of 20% of our common stock after this offering. We will effect a stock dividend or share contribution prior to this offering should the size of the offering change, in order to maintain such ownership percentage.
The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that:
• the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;
• our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors would be subject to the same restrictions;
• pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need only 1,250,001, or approximately 6.3%, of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only a quorum is present at the meeting) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised); and the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 18 Transfer restrictions on founder shares | Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up.
Private placement warrants | Our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering, subject to limited exceptions. A portion of the purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account such that at the time of closing $200,000,000 (or $230,000,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) will be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement warrants will expire worthless.
The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
Transfer restrictions on private placement warrants | The private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). 19 Cashless exercise of private placement warrants | If holders of private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination. If they are affiliated with us following an initial business combination, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.
Proceeds to be held in trust account | Nasdaq rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $200,000,000, or $10.00 per unit ($230,000,000, or $10.00 per unit, if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be placed into a trust account in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. These proceeds include $7,000,000 (or $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations (less up to $100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders. 20 Anticipated expenses and funding sources | Except as described above with respect to the payment of taxes, unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof. Based upon current interest rates, we expect the trust account to generate approximately $200,000 of interest annually assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from:
• the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $1,200,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $4,800,000 in expenses relating to this offering; and
• any loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided that any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of an initial business combination. 21 Conditions to completing our initial business combination | Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.
Permitted purchases of public shares and public warrants by our affiliates | If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. See “Proposed Business — Permitted purchases of our securities” for a description of how our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 22 The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination | We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. 23 Manner of conducting redemptions | We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirements. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules.
If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
• conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and
• file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 24 In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will:
• conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
• file proxy materials with the SEC.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased by them during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need only 1,250,001, or approximately 6.3 %, of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only a quorum is present at the meeting) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised).
We intend to give prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 25 We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates delivered, or shares tendered electronically, by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding 15% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold stockholder vote | Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against an initial business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those stockholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our initial business combination. 26 Redemption rights in connection with proposed amendments to our certificate of incorporation | Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, or applicable stock exchange rules. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or on our initial business combination or that would entitle holders thereof to receive funds from the trust account. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Our sponsor, officers, and directors, have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 27 Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination | On the completion of our initial business combination, the funds held in the trust account will be used to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination.” We will use the remaining funds to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account, for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination | Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 24-month time period.
Our initial stockholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period. 28 The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares.
Limited payments to insiders | There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, non-cash payments, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:
• Payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of $10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support;
• Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and
• Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
Audit Committee | We will establish and maintain an audit committee, which will be composed entirely of independent directors to, among other things, monitor compliance with the terms described above and the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to immediately take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.” 29 Indemnity | Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. RISKS We are a newly formed
company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we
will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you
should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company.
This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will
not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information
concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see the section of this prospectus entitled
 “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.”
You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”
in this prospectus. 30 SUmmary
Financial Data The following table
summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in
this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented. September 30, 2020
(Audited)
Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital deficiency | $ | (31,000 | )
Total assets | $ | 80,000
Total liabilities | $ | 56,000
Stockholder’s equity | $ | 24,000 31 RISK FACTOR S An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. We are a newly formed company with no
operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed
company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we
lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing
our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any
prospective target business concerning an initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination.
If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our independent registered public accounting
firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going
concern.” At
September 30, 2020, we had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $31,000. Further, we have incurred and expect
to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this
need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to
consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments
that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination
even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to
hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or
other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial
business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our
discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if
holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. Please see the section
of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination” for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant to the letter
agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them, as well as any public shares
purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial
business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need
only 1,250,001, or approximately 6.3% of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial
business combination (assuming only a quorum is present at the meeting) in order to have our initial business combination approved
(assuming the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised). Our initial stockholders will own shares representing
20% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor, officers and directors, to vote in favor of our initial
business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business
combination. 32 Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the
recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak
has adversely affected (and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in an additional widespread health
crisis that could adversely affect) the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business
with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and such other
outbreak. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue
to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or result in the target company’s personnel,
vendors and services providers being unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which
COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extended
period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately
consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may
be dependent on our ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be adversely impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Your only opportunity to affect the
investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares
from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. At the time of your
investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business
combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public
stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder
vote. Accordingly, if we
do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth
in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which
may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We may seek to enter
into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to
meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so
that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business
combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and
after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described
above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination
with us. 33 The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter
into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights,
and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to
pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash
in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares
are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive
equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability
to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred
underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an
initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming
stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to
have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we
liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market;
however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until
we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms
that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target
business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain
leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This
risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence
and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 34 We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share,
or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of this offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such
time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their
shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and
the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below. If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants
from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public “float”
of our common stock. If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or
public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may
include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The
purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be
to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for
approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to
Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such
purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with
the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require
our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street
name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination
in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that
a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this prospectus
entitled “Proposed Business — Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business
Combination — Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights.” 35 You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be
forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial
business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of
the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation
to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right
to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from
trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. We have applied to
have our units listed on Nasdaq. We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus.
Following the date the shares of our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares
of our common stock and warrants will be separately listed on Nasdaq. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved
for listing on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial
listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue
to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities
on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally,
we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
(generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
compliance with Nasdaq’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements,
in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required
to be at least $4.00 per share, our stockholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would
be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those
initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our
securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we
expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: · | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; · | reduced liquidity for our securities; · | a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; · | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and · | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 36 The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our common
stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if
there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale
of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict
the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view
blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial
business combination. You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds
of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance
sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such
as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable
and we may have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds
held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419,
please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of
Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group”
of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in
excess of 15% of our common stock. If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess
Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if
you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to
the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 37 Because of our limited resources and
the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will
expire worthless. We expect to encounter
intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be
individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses we
intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and
effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of
these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous
target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target
businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of common stock which our public stockholders redeem
in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our
public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below. If the net proceeds of this offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for
at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders
may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available
to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that
our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds
available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however,
we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as
a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to
keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such
target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target
business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have
sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of
our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than
$10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share”
and other risk factors below. 38 If the net proceeds of this offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount
available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend
on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds
of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1,200,000 will be available to us initially
outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate
of $4,800,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend
to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be
impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate
of $800,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we
are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties
to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under
any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the
trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans
may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders
may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See
 “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below. Subsequent to the completion of our
initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges
that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could
cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct
extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material
issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise.
As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even
though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may
cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them,
or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable material misstatement or omission. 39 If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be
less than $10.00 per share. Our placing of funds
in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to
a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it
and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third
party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. We are not aware of any product or
service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of this offering and our independent
registered public accounting firm. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that
would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The securities in which we invest the
proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for
payment of taxes of reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than $10.00 per share. The net proceeds of
this offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of $200,000,000, will be held
in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations
having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations.
While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest
rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market
Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United
States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest of income (which we are permitted to use to pay our
taxes and up to $100,000 of dissolution expenses) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus
any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below $200,000,000 as a result of negative interest rates,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per
share. 40 Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the
proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, if any, and our sponsor
asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim,
our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the
trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to
satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we
have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to
indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for
breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against
our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore,
a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against
our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of
punitive damages. If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a
bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 41 If we are deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities
may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to
be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: · | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and · | restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may
have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: · | registration as an investment company; · | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and · | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be
regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that
we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not
include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify
and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term.
We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses
or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe
that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the
trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant
to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of
the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term
(rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being
deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. This offering is not intended for
persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended
as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of this offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders
as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete
an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 42 Changes in laws or regulations, or a
failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
our initial business combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain
SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as
interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
our initial business combination and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280
of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any
claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share
of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following
the 24 th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not
be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at
such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating
company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to
arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution
complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly
assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third
anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon
the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of this offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed
to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that
are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could
then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 43 We may not hold an annual meeting of
stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders
to elect directors. In accordance with
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our
first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is
made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL,
which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of
Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We are not registering the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such
registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to
exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified
or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such
warrant may have no value and expire worthless. We are not registering
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this
time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our
initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in
the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current
or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities
Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our
initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In no event will
we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event
that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is
no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may
have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have
paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants
is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration
or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of those
states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering. However, there may be instances in which holders of our public
warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our private warrants may be able to exercise such private
warrants. 44 If you exercise your public warrants
on a “cashless basis,” you will receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise
such warrants for cash. There are circumstances
in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business
day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any other period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption; if the Section 3(a)(9)
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Second,
if we call the public warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise
price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price
of the warrants and the “fair market value” (as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The
 “fair market value” is the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of
redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of common stock from
such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to
our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such
rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Pursuant to an agreement
to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their
permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the founder shares and the private placement warrants held, or to be held, by them and, pursuant to agreements we may enter
into with lenders of working capital loans, holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may
demand that we register such warrants or the common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering
these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make
our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business
may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working
capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our
initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. We will seek to complete
a business combination with an industrial technology business, but may also pursue acquisition opportunities in other industries,
except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific
target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent
we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which
we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales
or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate
time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment
in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available,
in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities
laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission. 45 Past performance by members of our management
team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Past performance by
members of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate
or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the
historical record of members of our management team’s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment
in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management team’s area of expertise. Although we intend
to focus on identifying industrial technology companies, we will consider an initial business combination outside of our management
team’s area of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in this
sector after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management team will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove
to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business
combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management team’s
expertise, our management team’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information
contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management team’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management team may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. Although we have identified general
criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which
we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which
we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business
combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of ur general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less
than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00
per share” and other risk factors below. We may seek business combination opportunities
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could
subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or
earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include
volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may
be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact
a target business. 46 We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete
our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of
the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is
a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine
fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our
proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue additional common stock
or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering,
there will be 59,000,000 (assuming) authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance, which amount takes
into account the shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants. We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
provide that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business
combination activity). However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior
to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our officers and directors has agreed, pursuant to a written agreement
with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common
stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, if any), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares. The issuance of additional
shares of common or preferred stock: · | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; · | may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; · | could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and · | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants. 47 Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that
the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure
documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys,
consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point
for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target
business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control.
Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their
shares. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and
the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors below. Our ability to successfully effect our
initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some
of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations
and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the
target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management
of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time
and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business
combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination
target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role
of an initial business combination candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot
be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate’s
management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The
loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. We are dependent upon our executive
officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are
dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial
business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or
executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 48 Our ability to attract and retain qualified
members of our board of directors may be impacted due to new state laws, including recently enacted gender and diversity quotas. In September 2018,
California enacted SB 826 requiring public companies headquartered in California to maintain minimum female representation on their
boards of directors as follows: by the end of 2019, at least one woman on its board, by the end of 2020, public company boards
with five members will be required to have at least two female directors, and public company boards with six or more members will
be required to have at least three female directors. In September 2020, California enacted AB 979 requiring public companies headquartered
in California to maintain minimum representation on their boards of directors from members of underrepresented communities as follow:
by the end of 2021, at least one director from an underrepresented community, by end of 2022, public company boards with more than
four but fewer than nine members will be required to have at least two directors from underrepresented communities, and public
company board with nine or more members will be required to have at least three directors from underrepresented communities. Failure
to achieve designated minimum levels in a timely manner exposes such companies to financial penalties and reputational harm. We
cannot assure that we can recruit, attract and/or retain qualified members of the board and meet gender quotas as a result of the
California laws, which may expose us to penalties and/or reputational harm. Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide
for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of
interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may
be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the
form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination.
The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.
However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination
will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination.
There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively
impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. When evaluating the
desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target
business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to
manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 49 Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our
affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in
other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for
other entities. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of
time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers’
and directors’ other business affairs, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Management —
Officers, Directors and Director Nominees.” Certain of our officers, directors and
director nominees are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar
to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion
of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and
combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees are, and may in the future become,
affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business, although
they may not participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition companies
with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering. Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which
they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to
us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as
a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us
without violating another legal obligation. For a complete discussion
of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware
of, please see the sections of this prospectus entitled “Management — Officers, Directors and Director Nominees”
 “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted
a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have
an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy
that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by
us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 50 We may engage in an initial business
combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers,
directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our
sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation,
those described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Such
entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated,
and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although
we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination as set forth in the section of
this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding
the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or
international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may
exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as
they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. In September 2020,
our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.004
per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination. Up to an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which
the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. In addition, our sponsor has committed to purchase an aggregate of
6,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share, for a purchase price
of $6,000,000, or $1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed initial business combination,
and our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer
or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business
following the initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. Although we have no
commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
following this offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that
we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for
redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: · | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; · | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; · | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 51 · | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; · | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; · | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; · | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; · | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and · | other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one
business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to
be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities. This lack
of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. Of the net proceeds
from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $206,000,000 (or $236,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full) will be available to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which
includes $4,000,000 or up to $4,600,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, for the payment of deferred underwriting
commissions). We may effectuate our
initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period
of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because
of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if
they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack
of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able
to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which
may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: · | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or · | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination
and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to
simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that
our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more
difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due
diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of
the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 52 We may attempt to complete our initial
business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business
combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our initial
business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue
a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We may structure an
initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than
100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will
not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for
all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s
stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our
control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will
possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with
which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (such that we are not subject
to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters’ fees and commissions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though
a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for
all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant
to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to
the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 53 In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate
an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition
of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and,
with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other
securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65% of our common
stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding warrants. In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to
modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change
the nature of any securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration
for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend
the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account
such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated,
may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some
other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and
including to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any
redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock
entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account
may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. Subject to applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchanges rules, in all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may
be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. We may not issue additional securities
that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders will own up to 20%
of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation which govern our pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may
pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 54 Our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares
to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors.
Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability
to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of
a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel
us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected
any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of
this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete
such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if
at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result
of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target
business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection
with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need
additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in
connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire
worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor entitled “If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00
per share,” under certain circumstances our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon the liquidation
of the trust account. Our initial stockholders may exert a
substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon the closing of
this offering, our initial stockholders will own shares representing 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming
they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in this offering or if our initial
stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would
increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the
current trading price of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial
stockholders, will be elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the
completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least
the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, our initial stockholders, because of their ownership
position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert
control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 55 Our sponsor paid an aggregate of approximately
$25,000, or approximately $0.004 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from
the purchase of our common stock. The difference between
the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrant included
in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution
to you and the other investors in this offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing
to this dilution. Upon the closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you
and the other public stockholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 91.8% (or $9.18 per share,
assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book
value per share of $0.82 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. In addition, because of the anti-dilution rights of
the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination
would be disproportionately dilutive to our common stock. We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened
and the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be
issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we
may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least
a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability
to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per
warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other
conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance
of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state
blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify
such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at
a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you
might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private
placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants and founder shares may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We will be issuing
warrants to purchase 10,000,000 shares of our common stock (or up to 11,500,000 shares of common stock if the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing
of this offering, we will be issuing in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 shares of common stock
at $11.50 per share. 56 Our initial stockholders
currently own an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of common stock on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to $ 1,000,000
of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent
we issue shares of common stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive
business combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore,
our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business combination or increase the cost of
acquiring the target business. The private placement
warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering except that, so long as they are held by our
sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the common stock issuable
upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders
on a cashless basis. Because each unit contains one-half
of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check
companies. Each unit contains
one-half of one redeemable warrant. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants
will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This
is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one
whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants
upon completion of an initial business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one half of the
number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a
more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than
if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement
may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check
companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock, then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. The determination of the offering price
of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating
company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects
the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. Prior to this offering
there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants
were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational
meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital
markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining
the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the common stock and warrants underlying the units, include: · | the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; · | prior offerings of those companies; · | our prospects for acquiring an operating business; 57 · | a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; · | our capital structure; · | an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; · | general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and · | other factors as were deemed relevant. Although these factors
were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company
in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results. There is currently no market for our
securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently
no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base
their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential
business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never
develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established
and sustained. Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules
require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial
statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules.
These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to
be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These
financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and
a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies and a smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive
to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an “emerging
growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information
they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to
lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any
June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot
predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be
lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. 58 Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are
a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the end of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the
prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management
resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain
an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with
the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. These provisions include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject
to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may
make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our securities. 59 Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against
our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will
be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name,
actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions
may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing
the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action (A) as
to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within
ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the
Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising
under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have
concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect
to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. However, there is no assurance that a court would enforce the choice of forum provision contained
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If a court were to find such provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our
business, operating results and financial condition. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Cyber incidents or attacks directed
at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital
technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties
with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the
systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial
business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to
any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: · | higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; · | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; · | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 60 · | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; · | tariffs and trade barriers; · | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; · | longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; · | tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; · | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; · | rates of inflation; · | cultural and language differences; · | employment regulations; · | changes in industry, regulatory or environmental standards within the jurisdictions where we operate; · | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; · | deterioration of political relations with the United States; and · | government appropriations of assets. We may not be able
to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact
our results of operations and financial condition. 61 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS Certain statements
in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs,
intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,”
 “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
 “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,”
 “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements,
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus
may include, for example, statements about: · | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; · | our ability to complete our initial business combination; · | our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; · | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; · | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; · | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; · | our pool of prospective target businesses; · | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; · | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; · | the lack of a market for our securities; · | the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; · | the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or · | our financial performance following this offering. The forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this prospectus
entitled “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 62 USE OF PROCEEDS We are offering 20,000,000
units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, together with the funds we will
receive from the sale of the private placement warrants upon the closing of this offering, will be used as set forth in the following
table. Without Over-Allotment Option | Over-Allotment Option Fully Exercised
Gross proceeds
Gross proceeds from units offered to public (1) | $ | 200,000,000 | $ | 230,000,000
Gross proceeds from private placement warrants offered in the private placement | $ | 6,000,000 | $ | 6,000,000
Total gross proceeds | $ | 206,000,000 | $ | 236,000,000
Offering expenses (2)
Underwriting commissions (2% of gross proceeds from units offered to public, excluding deferred portion) (3) | $ | 4,000,000 | $ | 4,600,000
Legal fees and expenses | 250,000 | 250,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 30,000 | 30,000
SEC/FINRA Expenses | 60,093 | 60,093
Nasdaq listing and filing fees | 75,000 | 75,000
Director and Officer liability insurance premiums | 200,000 | 200,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 30,000 | 30,000
Miscellaneous | 154,907 | 154,907
Total offering expenses (excluding underwriting commissions) | $ | 800,000 | 800,000 | (2)
Proceeds after offering expenses | $ | 201,200,000 | 230,600,000
Held in trust account | $ | 200,000,000 | $ | 230,000,000
% of public offering size | 100 | % | 100 | %
Not held in trust account (4) | $ | 1,200,000 | $ | 600,000 The following table shows the use of the
approximately $1,200,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account. (4)(5) Amount | % of Total
Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination (5) | $ | 150,000 | 12.5 | %
Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations | 110,000 | 9.2 | %
Payment for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support ($10,000 per month for up to 24 months) | 240,000 | 20.0 | %
Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses | 700,000 | 58.3 | %
Total | $ | 1,200,000 | 100.0 | % (1) Includes
gross proceeds from this offering of $200,000,000 (or $230,000,000 if the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised
in full). 63 (2) The
underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion
of our initial business combination, $7,000,000 which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or up to $8,050,000
if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in
the trust account, and the remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming stockholders, will be released
to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business
combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection
with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not
be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. (3) A
portion of the offering expenses will be paid from the proceeds of $50,000 in loans from our sponsor pursuant to a promissory note
as described in this prospectus. Any borrowed amounts will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the offering proceeds
that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). In the event that offering
expenses are more than as set forth in this table, they will be repaid using a portion of the $1,200,000 of offering proceeds not
held in the trust account and set aside for post-closing working capital expenses. In the event that offering expenses are less
than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. (4) These
expenses are estimates only and do not include interest which may be available to us from the trust account. Our actual expenditures
for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting
expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon
the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify an initial business combination target in a specific
industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement
of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist
with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations
among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific
category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. (5) In
the event that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, we will have only $600,000 outside the trust account and working
capital for miscellaneous expenses will be $100,000. We may increase or
decrease the total number of units sold to the public in this offering by up to 20%. If we decide to proceed with an offering that
results in an increase in the total number of units sold to the public, we would have additional proceeds from the offering available
to pursue an acquisition. If we proceed with an offering that results in a decrease in the total number of shares sold to the public,
we would have reduced proceeds from the offering available to pursue an acquisition. Such an increase or decrease may impact the
size of the initial business combination we may pursue. In addition, the proceeds held in trust would correspondingly increase
or decrease such that 100% of the gross proceeds from this offering initially will be held in trust. The underwriters’ option
to purchase additional units to cover over-allotments and the amount of private placement warrants that our sponsor will purchase
will correspondingly increase or decrease. Of the net proceeds
of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $200,000,000 (or $230,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full), including $7,000,000 (or up to $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised
in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will be placed in a trust account in the United States with Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account
will be approximately $200,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.1% per year; however, we can provide no assurance regarding
this amount. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our
tax obligations, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will not be released from the trust
account until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of
any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law. 64 The net proceeds held
in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our
initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the
funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination,
we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in
completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. There is no limitation
on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. We believe that amounts
not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on
the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we
intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective business combination, only
after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of an initial business
combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination
is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and
cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital
through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates, but such persons
are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. Commencing on the date
of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying these monthly fees. In September 2020,
our sponsor agreed to loan us $50,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering pursuant to a promissory note.
The note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable promptly after the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
this offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct this offering. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such
loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants,
at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any,
have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they
have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act
to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used
to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. See
 “Proposed Business — Permitted purchases of our securities” for a description of how our initial stockholders,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private
transaction. 65 The purpose of any
such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be
to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for
approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 “float” of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national
securities exchange. We may not redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s
 “penny stock” rules) and the agreement for our initial business combination may require as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights so that
we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption
of our public shares or the initial business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. A public stockholder
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial
business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders
of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months
following the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein and any limitations (including
but not limited to cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. In addition, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame. However, if our initial stockholders or their affiliates acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers
and directors would be subject to the same restrictions applicable to our sponsor, officers and directors, respectively. DIVIDEND POLICY We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. If we increase or decrease the size
of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable,
with respect to our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership
of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering.
Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 66 DILUTION The difference between
the public offering price per share of common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are
offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of
our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect
any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants, which would cause the
actual dilution to the public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book
value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities
(including the value of common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. At September 30, 2020,
our net tangible book value was $(31,000), or approximately $(0.01) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale
of 20,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus (or 23,000,000 shares of common stock
if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), the sale of the private placement warrants and the deduction
of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering not reimbursable by the underwriters, our pro forma net tangible
book value at September 30, 2020 would have been $5,000,010, or approximately $0.82 per share (or $0.72 per share if the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised in full), representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the
value of the 18,922,399 shares of common stock that may be redeemed for cash, or 21,757,399 shares of common stock if the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised in full) of $0.83 per share (or $0.73 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option
is exercised in full) to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus and dilution to public stockholders from this
offering will be $9.18 per share (or $9.28 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). The following table
illustrates the dilution to the public stockholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included
in the units or the private placement warrants: No exercise of over-allotment option | Exercise of over-allotment option in full
Public offering price | $ | 10.00 | $ | 10.00
Net tangible book value before this offering | $ | (0.01 | ) | (0.01 | )
Increase attributable to public stockholders and sale of the private placement warrants (1) | $ | 0.83 | 0.73
Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering | $ | 0.82 | 0.72
Dilution to public stockholders | $ | 9.18 | 9.28
Percentage of dilution to public stockholders | 91.8 | % | 92.8 | % (1) Calculation
also accounts for decrease attributable to public shares subject to redemption. For purposes of presentation,
we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment
option) by $189,223,990 because holders of up to approximately 94.6% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust
account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two
days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or stockholders meeting, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes), divided by the number of shares of common stock sold in this
offering. 67 The following table sets forth information
with respect to our initial stockholders and the public stockholders: Shares Purchased | Total Consideration
Number | Percentage | Amount | Percentage | Average Price Per Share
Initial Stockholders (1) | 5,000,000 | 20.000 | % | $ | 25,000 | 00.01 | % | $ | 0.005
Public Stockholders | 20,000,000 | 80.000 | % | 200,000,000 | 99.99 | % | $ | 10.000
25,000,000 | 100.000 | % | $ | 200,025,000 | 100.000 | % (1) Assumes no exercise of
the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 750,000 shares of common stock
held by our sponsor. The pro forma net tangible book value per
share after the offering is calculated as follows: Without Over-allotment | With Over-allotment
Numerator:
Net tangible book deficit before this offering | $ | (31,000 | ) | (31,000 | )
Net proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement warrants, net of expenses (1) | 201,200,000 | 230,600,000
Plus: Offering costs paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value | 55,000 | 55,000
Less: Deferred underwriters’ commissions payable | (7,000,000 | ) | (8,050,000)
Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 (2) | (189,223,990 | ) | (217,573,990 | )
5,000,010 | 5,000,010
Denominator:
Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering | 5,750,000 | 5,750,000
Shares of common stock forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised | (750,000 | ) | —
Shares of common stock included in the units offered | 20,000,000 | 23,000,000
Less: Shares subject to redemption | (18,922,399 | ) | (21,757,399 | )
6,077,601 | 6,992,601 68 CAPITALIZATION The following table
sets forth our capitalization at September 30, 2020, and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units in this offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities,
assuming no exercise by the underwriters of its over-allotment option (dollar amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand): September 30, 2020
Actual | As Adjusted
Notes payable to related party (1) | $ | 50,000 | $ | —
Deferred underwriting commissions | — | $ | 7,000,000
Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 18,922,399 shares subject to possible redemption, actual and as adjusted, respectively (2) | — | $ | 189,223,990
Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 5,750,000 and 6,077,601 shares issued and outstanding, actual and as adjusted, respectively excluding 0 and 18,922,399 shares subject to possible redemption), actual and as adjusted, respectively | 575 | 608
Additional paid-in capital | 24,425 | 5,000,402
Accumulated deficit | (1,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Total stockholders’ equity | $ | 24,000 | $ | 5,000,010
Total capitalization | $ | 74,000 | $ | 201,224,000 (1) Our
sponsor has agreed to loan us up to $50,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering, and we have issued a promissory
note to our sponsor to evidence this. As of September 30, 2020, we had $50,000 in borrowings under the promissory note. (2) Upon
the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital requirements, subject to the limitations described
herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business
combination and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed initial
business combination. (3) Actual
share amount is prior to any forfeiture of founder shares by our sponsor and as adjusted amount assumes no exercise of the underwriters’
over-allotment option and, consequently, forfeiture of an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares by our sponsor. 69 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are a blank check
company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any
specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in
connection with our initial business combination and (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation
of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of
the target, or a combination of the foregoing. Our sponsor is controlled
by Rodgers Massey Revocable Living Trust. The issuance of additional
shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: · | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; · | may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; · | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; · | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and · | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. Similarly, if we issue
debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: · | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; · | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; · | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; · | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; · | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; · | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 70 · | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; · | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and · | other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. As indicated in the
accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2020, we had $25,000 in cash, approximately $55,000 in deferred offering costs,
liabilities of approximately $56,000. In the short term, we expect to incur costs in connection with consummating this offering.
Thereafter, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you
that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Results of Operations and Known Trends
or Future Events We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and
those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after
completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and
cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial position and no material adverse change
has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as
a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as
we conduct due diligence on prospective business combination candidates. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after
the closing of this offering. Liquidity and Capital Resources As indicated in the
accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2020, we had $25,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of approximately
$31,000. Our liquidity needs are being satisfied prior to the completion of this offering through a capital contribution from our
sponsor of $25,000. We expect that these funds will be not be sufficient to fund our costs prior to the completion of this offering
and expect our sponsor to loan us additional funds as necessary. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the
units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $800,000, underwriting commissions of $4,000,000 (or
$4,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions
of $7,000,000 (or $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private
placement warrants for a purchase price of $6,000,000, will be $201,200,000,000 (or $230,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $200,000,000 (or $230,000,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is
exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes $7,000,000 (or $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only
in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The remaining
approximately $1,200,000 (or $600,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will not be held in the trust account.
In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $800,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the
trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding
amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $800,000, the amount of funds we intend
to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete
our initial business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. We estimate our
annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion
of this offering, to be $200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation
per annum, which we may pay from funds from this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds
held in our trust account and released to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest
and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account
will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in
part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth
strategies. 71 Prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $1,200,000 (or $600,000 if the over-allotment
option is exercised in full) of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants,
at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any,
have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. We expect our primary
liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $150,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other
expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $110,000 for legal and accounting
fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, $240,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support;
and approximately $700,000 (or $100,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) for working capital that will be used
for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. These amounts are estimates
and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust
to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment
or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around
for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we
paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a
 “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our
available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our
not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. We do not believe we
will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business.
However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an
initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete
our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion
of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business
combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed
initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition,
following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order
to meet our obligations. 72 Controls and Procedures We are not currently
required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will
be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2021. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth
company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Prior to the closing
of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor has our independent registered public accounting firm tested our systems,
of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of
our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary
in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we
may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: · | staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; · | reconciliation of accounts; · | proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; · | evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; · | documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and · | documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take
time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us
to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense
in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and
disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud
or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management’s
report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an
opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting
firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal
control over financial reporting. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The net proceeds of
this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury
bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these
investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 73 Related Party Transactions In September 2020,
our sponsor purchased 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share. Up
to an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’
over-allotment option is exercised. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder
shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. The per share purchase price of the founder
shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued.
If we increase or decrease the size of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or
other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering
in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common
stock upon the consummation of this offering. Commencing on the date
of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying these monthly fees. Our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap
or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Our sponsor has committed
to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement that will
occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. Our sponsor will be permitted to transfer the private placement warrants
held by them to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities
as our sponsor. Otherwise, these warrants will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they
are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees for cash or on a cashless basis. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that
are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. In September 2020,
our sponsor agreed to loan us up to $50,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering pursuant to a promissory
note. The note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable promptly after the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
this offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct this offering. Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement we will enter into with our initial stockholders on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required
to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register
certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered
for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities
in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See
the section of this prospectus entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” 74 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual
Obligations; Quarterly Results As of September 30,
2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have
any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus, as we have conducted
no operations to date. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the
JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for
qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed
to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As
a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are
in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm’s attestation
report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation
disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
to the report of independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation
between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer’s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of this offering or until we are
no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. 75 PROPOSED BUSINESS General We are a newly incorporated
Delaware blank check company whose purpose is to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial
business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We plan to target companies
that compete in the areas of peak activity in Silicon Valley: · | Green Energy, electrification, and storage : all types of solar components and systems, fuel cells, green hydrogen, energy storage systems, including advanced batteries, and the software infrastructure that enables interoperability of these new technologies · | Smart Industry (IoT) : internet-connected silicon, sensors, and software connected to the Internet of Things to transform industries including agriculture, health care, construction, logistics and manufacturing. · | Artificial intelligence : cognitive neural networks, autonomous vehicle control for both logistics and mobility, and massively parallel computers optimized for machine learning · | The new manufacturing wave : self-configuring automatic assembly lines, high-speed additive manufacturing at scale, novel materials, and computer vision with learning capabilities Each of these markets
is global, and each is of considerable size. The global electric vehicle market, for instance, is projected to reach $550 billion
by 2024 from $257 billion in 2019 at a CAGR of 16.4%, according to Business Communications Company Research dated January 2020.
Grid-edge battery investments, which in 2019 in the U.S. totaled $712 million, are on track to reach just shy of $2 billion this
year, and double again in 2021, according to Wood Mackenzie dated March 10, 2020. In May 2020, for the first time since 1960, American
households’ aggregate expenditure on electricity exceeded what they spent on gas, according to Bloomberg dated October 2020. The electrification
of industry is also a substantial opportunity. Industry consumed about 20% of its energy in the form of electricity in 2017, according
to McKinsey & Company dated May 2020 . This figure can more than double, to approximately 50%, with solar, fuel cells, green
gas, and battery technology in production now due to the record low cost of wholesale solar energy, with new plants now capable
of producing electricity at less than $0.02 per kilowatt hour, according to CleanTechnica dated August 30, 2020. The number of businesses
that use the IoT technologies has increased from 13% in 2014 to about 25% today. And the worldwide number of IoT-connected devices
is projected to increase to 43 billion by 2023‒over five IoT devices for every human on Earth. From a roughly $2.5 billion
market in 2018, IoT use cases are expected to grow to $17 billion in 2023 at a CAGR of 48%, according to McKinsey & Company
dated July 22, 2019. The market for artificial
intelligence chips, meanwhile, was valued at $8 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach $70 billion by 2026 at a CAGR of 35%,
according to Electronic Engineering Times dated April 23, 2020. In 2019, cloud computing providers purchased 40% of AI chips, and
this share is expected to expand at a rate of 30% annually through 2026. Software is expected to capture 80% of the worldwide $156
billion AI market in 2020, for a value of $124 billion, according to International Data Corporation dated August 4, 2020. Our Management Team Thurman J. “T.J.”
Rodgers is our CEO, chairman and founder. After starting Cypress Semiconductor, he and his team received funding in April 1983,
and took the company public in just 37 months, during which time a new wafer fabrication plant was built and commissioned. He served
34 years as the company’s CEO until his retirement in 2016, by which time Cypress had grown to $1.8 billion in revenue and
built four manufacturing plants, three of them in the U.S. Dr. Rodgers received 17 of his 20 U.S. patents while at Cypress and
has been inducted into the Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame. He wrote a Harvard Business Review article and follow-up
book entitled “No Excuses Management,” detailing some of the formal business processes developed and formalized to
help startup Cypress Semiconductor get over the $100 million revenue hurdle. For his work at Cypress, Rodgers received the Stanford
Graduate School of Business Encore Award as Entrepreneur of the Year in 1988 and the equivalent award from Ernst & Young in
1991. 76 Rodgers is also credited with saving the
fledgling startup SunPower Corporation by writing an emergency $750,000 personal check during the 2001 dotcom crisis. He then acquired
SunPower for Cypress, led its operational turnaround as chairman, took the company public in 2005 and finally spun Cypress’s
48.8% position out in a $3.6 billion stock dividend to Cypress shareholders in 2008. In addition to the SunPower stock dividend,
during his tenure, Cypress paid shareholders $425 million in dividends and bought back $4 billion in shares. In January 2017, Rodgers
was invited to invest in and join the board of Enphase Energy during a financially challenging time for the company. His technical
review convinced him that Enphase had the best solar inverter in the world, but the company needed to be run more efficiently to
be financially successful‒and its culture needed to become more supportive of its customers and even the company itself.
Working with the board, Rodgers brought in Enphase’s current CEO, ex-Cypress EVP Badri Kothandaraman, to address the
company’s problems, which Rodgers believed had a common underlying cause: under-developed or non-existent business
processes, broadly impacting almost every discipline. Kothandaraman’s team effort led to a dramatic improvement in financial
performance: the company’s operating margin improved by 30% points in the two years ended 2019, and its share price increased
from a price of $1.37 per share in the first quarter of 2017 to $82.59 per share in the third quarter of 2020. In addition, CEO Kothandaraman,
demonstrated the value of his “10,000-hours of training in design” by personally spending several months leading
the rework of the company’s new-product development process. Rodgers believes that the CEO’s conspicuous effort
drove the Enphase team through the second-product barrier often suffered by immature companies. In July 2020, Enphase brought
to market the world’s first all-in-one, grid-independent smart energy system. Rodgers now believes that Enphase
has reached stability as a public company and attends only board and strategy committee meetings along with providing some M&A
consulting. In addition to Enphase,
Rodgers currently serves on the boards and/or technical advisory boards of several high-tech companies: Solaria (solar panels),
FTC (utility-scale solar trackers), Enovix (high-capacity silicon Li-ion batteries), and NexGen (gallium nitride power
transistors). He received an AB from Dartmouth College in 1970, where he received the Hazeltine award as the top student in physics
and chemistry and was the class salutatorian overall. He holds MS and PhD degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University
and remains technically active. Emmanuel T. Hernandez
is our CFO and serves as a director. He is currently the chairman of the Board of Directors of BrainChip–a publicly traded
Australian artificial intelligence company and is also the chairman of the audit committee of transistor stalwart ON Semiconductor.
He was the CFO of SunPower Corporation from 2005 to 2008, during which time he oversaw the company’s IPO and raised $1 billion
in public funding. From 1994 to 2005, he was the EVP Finance & Administration and CFO of Cypress Semiconductor, where he managed
annual revenue growth from $300 million to $1 billion, completed 10 mergers and formalized the company’s M&A business
process. Prior to that, from 1976 to 1993, he held a series of positions at National Semiconductor, a pioneer Silicon Valley semiconductor
company. He holds an MBA degree in Finance from Golden Gate University and a BSC in accounting from the University of Nueva Caceres
in the Philippines. Steven J. Gomo serves
as an independent director and as our audit committee chairman. Currently, Gomo serves as the chairman of the audit committees
of Enphase Energy (solar systems), semiconductor memory giant Micron Technology, Nutanix (enterprise software) and Solaria (solar
systems). He is an experienced CFO, having served at NetApp (data services and management), Gemplus International (smart cards),
Asera (supply chain management software), and RISC-computer pioneer, Silicon Graphics. Gomo started his Silicon Valley career
at Hewlett-Packard in 1974. John D. McCranie serves
as an independent director. After his early career in semiconductor sales, he became the EVP of Sales & Marketing for Harris
Corporation, the CEO of SEEQ Technology and Virage Logic, and then joined Cypress Semiconductor as EVP of Sales & Marketing
(1994-2001), where he developed Cypress’s business processes for product pricing, product introduction, sales compensation,
sales training, and running large international sales conferences. He has held 10 board positions in the semiconductor industry,
including nine years on the Cypress board. Six of his board positions involved significant restructuring, including the multi-year
restructuring of ON Semiconductor, which he led. 77 Lisan Hung serves
as an independent director. She has been providing business and legal solutions for over 26 years to Silicon Valley technology
and semiconductor companies ranging from start-ups to publicly-traded companies. Her experience includes M&A, SEC reporting,
corporate governance, financing, IP strategy, data privacy, commercial and technology transactions, international expansion, litigation
and dispute resolution and board-level related matters. She is currently General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Enphase. Prior
to Enphase, she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Crocus Technology, Inc. (magnetic sensors) and Kovio, Inc. (printed
electronics). During her previous 10 years at AMD, she was on the team that formed and divested Spansion Inc. and supported the
antitrust litigation against Intel Corporation. She holds a JD from Santa Clara University and BS in Political Economy from UC
Berkeley. Joseph I. Malchow serves
as an independent director. He is the Founding General Partner at Hanover Technology Investment Management (“Hanover”),
a Sand Hill Road venture capital firm. Earlier, he cofounded Publir, a prominent market-maker in digital ads. Hanover focuses on
Seed and Series A investments in software companies in artificial intelligence, developer tooling, data and computing infrastructure
and digital security in a number of specific verticals including finance and credit, freight and logistics, national security technology,
and construction and infrastructure. Malchow has originated investments in 25 companies including RelatelQ (sales and marketing),
Socotra (insurance), Sourcegraph (code search), Material Security (email security), Elementl (graph programming language), Retool
(low-code environment), Premise Data (data gathering), Golden (semantic knowledge base), Mattermost (chatops), Solugen (next-generation
chemical synthesis) and Flatfile (data infrastructure). He also serves on the board of Enphase Energy, where he focuses on software
and data strategy. Malchow has often provided
the first capital to innovative software ventures because he often gets an early look at new software ventures because entrepreneurs
value his advice on new business formation, technology strategy, business alliances, political risk and opportunity and product
pipeline. He was named to the Forbes 30 under 30 list in 2012 and is a Robert L. Bartley Fellow of The Wall Street Journal ,
based on his contributions. Malchow earned an AB from Dartmouth College in 2008, after which he studied at the law and business
schools of Stanford University, receiving a JD in 2013. Our Business Strategy One of our business
theses is that the time-proven IPO process imposes avoidable delays and costs on both new companies and investors. We believe
the increase in SPAC IPO issuance and merger activity in 2020 validates the SPAC’s ability to address some of the problems
with the IPO process. Public technology
investors today commonly discuss these issues surrounding a typical technology IPO scenario: 1. | Long delays in the IPO process . Fundamental technology investors find it difficult to own stock in new technology companies during their pre-revenue and/or pre-profit phases because technology companies are typically required by most investment banks to produce a string of revenue growth quarters with profit or near-profit before they are allowed to do an IPO. We may offer earlier access to a technology company that is reporting milestones as opposed to revenue or profits, but we will certainly also consider companies on the IPO track, with growing revenue on the path to profitability. 2. | No IPO stock allocation . Many public market investors say they cannot get an allocation of a new IPO unless they enjoy preferred-customer status with one of the IPO’s sponsoring investment banks. Our mission is to offer fundamental technology investors an opportunity to take a long-term position in a good Silicon Valley technology company. 3. | IPO discount . We all have seen the share price of a new IPO jump significantly during the first few days of trading. This implied discount in the IPO price encourages early turnover of the IPO shares and forces fundamental technology shareholders to pay higher share prices in the aftermarket to accumulate a position. 78 Our team has watched
our new technology companies face these issues in a typical IPO scenario: 1. | Late-stage public funding expensive and hard to source. In the period just prior to profitability, a company may need large amounts of working capital or more capacity or to exploit an R&D breakthrough‒all good signs. Unfortunately, this cash drain is often funded with significant dilution by venture capital or high-coupon debt. We intend to bring public investment in a private company earlier, without the IPO gauntlet. 2. | Pre-IPO R&D stall . Prior to its IPO, a company is incentivized to hold down operating expense, including R&D expenses, to bolster its profitability. This may delay second-product introduction and other investments that put the company at a disadvantage relative to its more mature competitors for a period of a year or more; i.e., for the time needed to create the string of profitable quarters often mandated by investment banks. 3. | Low corporate visibility . Privately held companies can certainly become prominent in the era of the unicorn, but we believe there is nothing like open debate in the market over a company’s prospects to make the public‒not to mention prospective customers and business partners‒aware of an important new company. The use of SPACs to
effect public offerings earlier can bring on potential new problems caused by the accelerated entry of immature companies into
public markets. For our target candidate, we intend to address the following common problems and mitigate them to the best of our
ability. 1. | Incomplete or inaccurate financial reports may lead to bad internal business decisions and sometimes even re- statements . We will work to install Sarbanes-Oxley-compatible systems in our target companies as early as possible. 2. | Second product stall (R&D based) . We have observed that R&D product pipelines can also stall if a startup company relies solely on a group of very good engineers whose skill allows them to develop a new product with informal new-product documentation and scheduling systems. When some of those engineers move on or move up, the company’s R&D pipeline may suffer from repeated rework delays. We have robust scheduling and product definition systems available. 3. | Revenue over-forecasting . The use of third-party sales funnel software is now common, but we have observed that poor quality control of the funnel data input, and the use of simplistic algorithms to create revenue estimates from sales funnel data often lead to inflated revenue predictions. We understand these problems and have systems to address them. 4. | High manufacturing costs . Manufacturing creates many high-quality blue-collar jobs, but America’s manufacturing sector has been shrinking, and with it the pool of people to hire. This forces companies to automate manufacturing. Several members of our team are manufacturing experts who can, if needed, assist our target company in building a manufacturing plant that is competitive and fully automated. These skills are also directly applicable to the increasingly common use of subcontract manufacturers, who we believe must also be tightly connected to the parent company for good results. 5. | Poor product quality . Quality should be a way of life in all corporate activities, not just a mathematical system to measure and eliminate product defects. For example, we view Sarbanes-Oxley practices as financial quality-assurance systems. Several of us have worked personally for years on corporate-level quality systems and quality culture development‒abstract processes that really matter. 6. | Inadequate planning often shows up in public reports, for example, as late new products, long product lead times, quarterly revenue misses and unanticipated competitor success. We often see immature companies plan poorly or even do no planning in some disciplines. While we certainly cannot promise to fix the list of maladies above, we can share excellent planning tools in multiple disciplines with our top-few target companies. 79 Our Business Process The mission of
the Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corporation is to provide fundamental public technology investors with early access to
an excellent technology company from Silicon Valley. (We are focused on Silicon Valley but are not strictly limited to
bringing forward Silicon Valley companies.) After our top-few target companies are identified, we will analyze their
business processes, systems, and disciplines relative to what we believe is required for stable and predictable performance.
Then, if the target desires our consultation, we will offer our help, as well as the help of our portfolio companies that
have agreed to share their best-practices. Finally, we will offer
our target company consulting support from our internal and external experts.
Given that strategy, some of our key directors may remain on the board of the combined company. Although we have not
selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with
one or more of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
company, we, or a committee of our independent directors, will obtain outside opinions to assess the fairness of the combination
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation
opinions to ensure that our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders prior to their vote to on our initial business
combination. Following this offering,
members of our management team will directly or indirectly own our common stock and may also own our private placement warrants.
This may also lead to individual conflicts of interest when we determine whether a particular target business is appropriate for
our initial business combination or when we choose directors for the combined company. Any conflicts will be disclosed to shareholders
prior to their vote on the initial business combination. Our Investment Criteria We have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will
focus on these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business
combination with a target business that does not meet one or more these criteria and guidelines. · | Companies that operate in industries and sectors that are ripe for technological disruption or are currently undergoing fundamental transformations. We plan to identify sectors that are in the process of or have significant potential to replace a current solution or process with a more automated method. We will seek to acquire a business that operates wi thin an industry that is witnessing at least one or more trends, mentioned above, which we believe are driving the opportunity within technology enabled services. · | Companies with an attractive and defensible competitive position. We will target companies with defensible market positions that we believe offer long-term competitive advantages. These could include proprietary technology, a leading product suite, strong market share or actionable path to gain significant market share or creative use of existing technology that we believe is enduring and unique. · | Compelling growth prospects. We view growth as an important driver of value and will seek companies whose growth potential can generate meaningful upside through both organic growth and meaningful opportunity for add-on acquisitions. · | Strong preference for business models with contractually recurring revenue. We will focus on companies with subscription-based or otherwise recurring revenues under multi-year contracts. 80 · | High gross margins and significant operating leverage. We will seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only proven business models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also inherently profitable unit economics that will yield significant economies of scale and expanding profit margins with continued growth. · | Low customer churn and compelling customer acquisition cost relative to lifetime customer value. We believe the best opportunities will be companies which have demonstrated the ability to win new customers cost effectively and retain them for long periods of time, generating a compelling return on investments in sales and marketing. · | Strong management teams. We will spend significant time assessing a company’s leadership and evaluating what we can do to augment and/or upgrade the team over time if needed. We have deep experience partnering with motivated, capable management teams and can identify a top team. · | Accretive use of proceeds. We will seek investment opportunities where our capital will help fund growth, not just provide shareholder liquidity. We believe it is important that our transaction will help create shareholder value by funding the development of new products, increasing investment in sales and marketing or capacity expansion. · | Appropriate valuations. We will seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe will provide significant upside potential with limited downside risk. · | Benefit from being a public company. We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company, including potential for value-expanding acquisitions and greater branding in the marketplace. These criteria are
not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based,
to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may
deem relevant. In the event that we find an opportunity that has characteristics
more compelling to us than the characteristics described above, we would pursue such opportunity. Our Acquisition Process Our sponsor believes
that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the technology industry.
In evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review that will encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, financial analyses
and technology reviews, as well as a review of other information that will be made available to us. We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officers, or our directors,
subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that
is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to us from a financial point of view. Members of our management
team may directly or indirectly own our securities following this offering, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination
if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. We currently do not
have any specific targets for an initial business combination selected. None of our officers and directors, nor has anyone on their
behalf contacted or had any discussions with possible target businesses in which they directly or indirectly proposed or encouraged
a potential target to consider a possible combination with us. 81 As described in “Proposed
Business — Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets” and “Management — Conflicts of
Interest,” each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such
opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such
opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and
(iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities
to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties
to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the
opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual
or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our sponsor and our
officers, directors and director nominees have, with certain exceptions, agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become
an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. Those exceptions are those listed below under the heading Conflicts
of Interest , and include, as an exception, that Mr. Malchow serves as a director of Rice Acquisition Corp., and may continue
to serve as a director following an initial business combination effected by that special purpose acquisition company. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the
assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board
of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination
of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with
the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets
or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction
company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business
or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons.
However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment
Company Act”. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our
stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this
case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or
acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking
stockholder approval, as applicable. 82 Our Business Combination Process In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a
review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site
inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We are not prohibited
from pursuing our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. Each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his
or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her
capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity
to us without violating another legal obligation. Our sponsor and our
officers, directors and director nominees have, with certain exceptions, agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become
an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. Those exceptions are those listed below under the heading Conflicts
of Interest , and include, as an exception, that Mr. Malchow serves as a director of Rice Acquisition Corp., and may continue
to serve as a director following an initial business combination effected by that special purpose acquisition company. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure
will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an
alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial
business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private company. A target business can
further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock
in the target business for our shares of common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of
common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are
various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more
expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process,
and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing
and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 83 Furthermore, once a
proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being
a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and
aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that
our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses
may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval
of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section
107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as
of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. Financial Position With funds available
for an initial business combination initially in the amount of $193,000,000 assuming no redemptions before non-reimbursable fees
and expenses associated with our initial business combination and after payment of $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or
$221,950,000 after payment of up to $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is
exercised in full) and $800,000 in offering costs, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity
event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet
by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or
equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow
us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps
to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently
engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement
warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements
we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 84 If our initial business
combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment
of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our common stock, we may apply
the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise
additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts
held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of this
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete
such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business
combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the
initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder
approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with
our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with
respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. We have not, nor has
anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. From
the period commencing with our formation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications or discussions
between any of our officers, directors or our sponsor and any of their potential contacts or relationships regarding a potential
initial business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate
any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact
a target business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess
the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result
in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control,
meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that
target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and
investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on
an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates
that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have,
as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities
that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors
and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate
engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis,
we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee, advisory
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will
engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not
otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management
determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction,
in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any
of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder’s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate
of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse
our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination.
Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following
our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our
selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 85 We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
hat is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed
in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or
she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain
relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the
assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair
market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards
generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of
comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M&A transactions of comparable businesses. If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with
respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less
familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value
of a target’s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial
business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will
only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will
be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to
evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 86 To the extent we effect
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. In evaluating a prospective
business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review
of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to
select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result
in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple
entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination
in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: · | subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and · | cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s
Management Team Although we intend
to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. In
addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore,
the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at
the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in
some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts
to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team
will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you
that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial
business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 87 Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder
approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction | Whether Stockholder Approval is Required
Purchase of assets | No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company | No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company | No
Merger of the company with a target | Yes Under Nasdaq’s
listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: · | we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; · | any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5% or more; or · | the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted Purchases of our Securities If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they
have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent
such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any
such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be
to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for
approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 “float” of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national
securities exchange. 88 Our sponsor, officers,
directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business
combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they
would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only
purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act
will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from
liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical
requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5
of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent
such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately
$10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that
a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business
combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such
as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the
law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require
stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than
20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder
approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval,
we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may
conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required
by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So
long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 89 If a stockholder vote
is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation: · | conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and · | file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule
14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance
with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the
expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement
that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that
we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to
purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: · | conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and · | file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we
seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith,
provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted
are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person
or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum
and pursuant to the letter agreement, Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public
shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our
initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition
to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need only 1,250,001, or approximately 6.3%, of the
20,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only a quorum
is present at the meeting) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not
exercised). We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any
such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. 90 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. For example,
the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy
other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking
redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess
Shares.” Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption
rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s
shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent,
we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as
a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street
name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The tender
offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include
the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder
would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior
to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes
to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use
electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal
cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 91 The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business
combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business
combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company
would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the
stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or
she could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she
could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As
a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become
 “option” rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered
its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s
election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem
such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the
stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise
such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is
anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will
promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
24 months from the closing of this offering. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will
expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. Our initial stockholders
have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by
them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our
sponsor, our officers or directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted
24-month time period. 92 Our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we
may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to
the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number
of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect that all
costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from
amounts remaining out of the approximately $1,200,000 (or $600,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) of proceeds
held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend
on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if
those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account
balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those
costs and expenses. If we were to expend
all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under
Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before
we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure
you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of
our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach
of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any
third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform
an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any
alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement
of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those
of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing
to execute a waiver. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than
the underwriters of this offering and our independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar
agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, if any, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None
of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and
prospective target businesses. 93 In the event that the
proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in
the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for
such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly,
we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00
per public share. We will seek to reduce
the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be
liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $1,200,000 (or $600,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full) from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred
in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate
and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds
from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate
of $800,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of
funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the
offering expenses are less than our estimate of $800,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would
increase by a corresponding amount. Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of
the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any
claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share
of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. 94 Furthermore, if the
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, is not considered a liquidating
distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of
legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174
of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention
to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24 th month and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not
be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time
that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will
be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained
in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and
the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor
may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per
public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, if
any, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could
be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent
conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore,
our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior
to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our
public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 24 months from the closing
of this offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s
voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares
to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as
described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 95 Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection
with Our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination The following table
compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of this offering. Redemptions in Connection with our Initial Business Combination | Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by us or our Affiliates | Redemptions if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination
Calculation of redemption price | Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial business combination. | If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. | If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 96 Impact to remaining stockholders | The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and the taxes payable. | If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. | The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions. Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check
Companies Subject to Rule 419 The following table
compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419.
This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical
to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment
option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering. Terms of Our Offering | Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering
Escrow of offering proceeds | $200,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be deposited into a trust account in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. | Approximately $170,100,000 offering proceeds would be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account.
Investment of net proceeds | $200,000,000 of the net offering proceeds and the sale of the private placement warrants held in trust will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. | Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States.
Receipt of interest on escrowed funds | Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to stockholders is reduced by (i) any income or franchise taxes paid or payable, if any, and (ii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $100,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation. | Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination. 97 Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business | Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. | The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds.
Trading of securities issued | We expect the units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, an additional Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. | No trading of the units or the underlying common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account.
Exercise of the warrants | The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. | The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account. 98 Election to remain an investor | We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a stockholder vote. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a stockholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. If, however, we hold a stockholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. | A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if it elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45 th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued. 99 Business combination deadline | If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. | If a business combination has not been completed within 24 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors. Limitation on redemption rights of stockholders holding more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering if we hold a stockholder vote | If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder (including our affiliates), together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares (more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in this offering). Our public stockholders’ inability to redeem Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and they could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell any Excess Shares in open market transactions. | Many blank check companies provide no restrictions on the ability of stockholders to redeem shares based on the number of shares held by such stockholders in connection with an initial business combination. 100 Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights | We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC System, at the holder’s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. | In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, holders could vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holders were seeking to exercise their redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholders to arrange for them to deliver their certificate to verify ownership. 101 Release of funds | Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations as described in this prospectus, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame (subject to the requirements of applicable law). On the completion of our initial business combination, all amounts held in the trust account will be released to us, less amounts released to a separate account controlled by the trustee for disbursal to redeeming stockholders. We will use these funds to pay amounts due to any public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination,” to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions, to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. | The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. 102 Competition In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will
be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business
combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants,
and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities Our executive offices
are located 535 Eastview Way, Woodside, CA 94062 and our telephone number is (650)722-1753. Our executive offices are provided
to us by our sponsor. Commencing on the date of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of
$10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as
much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of
time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We will register our
units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file
annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will
need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable
to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us
as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential
target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent
that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool
of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 103 We will be required
to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
business combination. Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily
register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the
Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700
million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. Legal Proceedings There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their
capacity as such. 104 MANAGEMENT Officers, Directors and Director Nominees Our officers, directors and director nominees
are as follows: Name | Age | Position
Thurman J. “T.J.” Rodgers | 72 | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Emmanuel T. Hernandez | 65 | Chief Financial Officer and Director
Lisan Hung | 51 | Director Nominee
Steven J. Gomo | 68 | Director Nominee
John D. McCranie | 77 | Director Nominee
Joseph I. Malchow | 35 | Director Nominee Thurman J. “TJ” Rodgers,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Thurman J. “TJ”
Rodgers has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since September 2020. In 1982, he co-founded Cypress
Semiconductor (“Cypress”). From 1982 to 2016, Rodgers served as Cypress’s CEO for 34 years until stepping down
as the longest-tenured CEO among all publically-traded technology companies. He currently serves on the boards of five other energy-related
private companies: Bloom Energy, the world’s most prominent fuel cell manufacturer, Enovix Corp., a company that integrates
lithium ion batteries into silicon wafers, Enphase Energy, Inc., a company that provides microinverters and solar solutions for
commercial companies and residential homes, FTC Solar, a company that provides single-axis tracking for solar companies and Solaria,
a company that manufactures solar panels. He is the former chairman of the Semiconductor Industry Association and of SunPower Corporation,
the second-largest solar energy company in revenue worldwide. He currently holds the title Trustee Emeritus on Dartmouth’s
Board of Trustees. From 2004 to 2012, he served on Dartmouth’s Board of Trustees, where he endowed two chairs at the College.
He attended Stanford University on a Hertz fellowship, earning a master’s degree in 1973 and a Ph.D. in 1975, both in electrical
engineering. In 1970, Rodgers graduated from Dartmouth where he was a Sloan scholar. He graduated as the Salutatorian of his class
with a double major in physics and chemistry. At graduation, he won the Townsend Prize and the Haseltine Chemistry-Physics Prize
as the top physics and chemistry student in his class. We believe that
Rodgers is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive public company experience and transaction expertise. Emmanuel T. Hernandez, Chief Financial
Officer and Director . Emmanuel T. Hernandez is our CFO and serves as a director. He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of BrainChip, Inc.–a publicly-traded
Australian artificial intelligence company and is he also the chairman of the audit committee of transistor stalwart ON Semiconductor
Corp. From 2004 to 2009, he was the CFO of SunPower Corporation, during which time he oversaw the company’s IPO and raised
$1 billion in public funding. From 1993 to 2004, he was the EVP Finance & Administration and CFO of Cypress Semiconductor,
where he managed annual revenue growth from $300 million to $1 billion, completed 10 mergers and formalized the company’s
M&A business process. Prior to that, from 1976 to 1993, he held a series of positions at National Semiconductor, a pioneer
Silicon Valley semiconductor company. From 2009 to 2017, he served on the boards of EnStorage Inc. and SunEdison, Inc. He holds
an MBA degree in Finance from Golden Gate University and a BSC in accounting from the University of Nueva Caceres in the Philippines. We believe that Hernandez is qualified to serve on our board of directors
based on his expertise in finance and transaction expertise. 105 Lisan Hung, Independent
Director . Hung will become one of our directors effective on the effective date of the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part. She is currently the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Enphase. From 2014 to 2019, she was the General
Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Crocus Technology, Inc., a venture-capital-backed semiconductor startup company developing magnetoresistive
random-access memory technology. Prior to Crocus Technology, Inc., she spent 10 years at AMD where she was on the team that formed
and divested Spansion Inc. and supported the antitrust litigation against Intel Corporation. She holds a JD from the Santa Clara
University School of Law. She graduated from UC Berkley with a BS in the Political Economy of Natural Resources. We believe that
Hung is qualified to serve based on her public company experience. Steven J. Gomo,
Independent Director . Gomo will become one of our directors effective on the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part. Gomo will serve as the audit committee chairman. Currently, Gomo serves as the chairman of the
audit committees of Enphase Energy, Inc. (solar systems), semiconductor memory giant Micron Technology, Nutanix (enterprise software)
and Solaria (solar systems). He is an experienced CFO, having served at NetApp (data services and management), Net Suite (business
management software), Gemplus International (smart cards), Asera (supply chain management software), SanDisk (flash memory products)
and RISC-computer pioneer, Silicon Graphics. In 1974, Gomo started his Silicon Valley career at Hewlett-Packard. He holds
an MBA in Business Administration and Finance from Santa Clara University. He graduated from Oregon State University with a BS
in Business Administration. We believe that Gomo is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his public company experience
and industrial technology industries expertise. John D. McCranie , Independent Director . McCranie will become one of our directors effective on the effective date of the registration statement
of which this prospectus is a part. After his early career in semiconductor sales, he became the EVP of Sales & Marketing for
Harris Corporation, the CEO of SEEQ Technology and Virage Logic. From 1994 to 2001, he joined Cypress Semiconductor as EVP of Sales
 & Marketing, where he developed Cypress’s business processes for product pricing, product introduction, sales compensation,
sales training, and running large international sales conferences. He has held 10 board positions in the semiconductor industry.
Currently, McCranie is board chairman to NextGen Power systems. From 2017 to 2019, he served on the board of Cypress Semiconductor.
From 2001 to 2018, he served on the board of ON Semiconductor. From 2012 to 2017, he served on the board of Mentor Graphics, an
electric design automation company. Six of his board positions involved significant restructuring, including the multi-year
restructuring of ON Semiconductor, which he led. He holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute. We
believe that McCranie is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his public company experience and his expertise
in industrial technology industries. Joseph I. Malchow,
Independent Director . Malchow will become one of our directors effective the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part. Currently, he is the Founding Partner at Hanover Technology Investment Management (“Hanover”),
a Sand Hill Road venture capital firm. Hanover focuses on Seed and Series A investments in software companies in artificial intelligence,
developer tooling, data and computing infrastructure and digital security in a number of specific verticals including finance and
credit, freight and logistics, national security technology, and construction and infrastructure. Malchow has also originated investments
in 25 companies including RelatelQ (sales and marketing), Socotra (insurance), Sourcegraph (code search), Material Security (email
security), Elementl (graph programming language), Retool (low-code environment), Premise Data (data gathering), Golden (semantic
knowledge base), Mattermost (chatops), Solugen (next-generation chemical synthesis) and Flatfile (data infrastructure). Earlier,
he cofounded Publir, a prominent market-maker in digital ads. Malchow serves on the boards of Enphase Energy, Inc. and Rice Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Malchow earned an AB from Dartmouth College in 2008, after which he studied at the
law and business schools of Stanford University, receiving a JD in 2013. We believe that Malchow is qualified to serve on our board
of directors based on his principal investing experience. 106 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We will have six directors
upon completion of this offering. Each member of our board of directors will be elected at our annual meetings. In accordance with
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our
board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws
provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers
(including, without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as
may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing
standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Lisan Hung, Steven
J. Gomo, John D. McCranie and Joseph I. Malchow are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers
has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay
an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No other compensation
of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will
be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with
any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion
of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members
of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any
compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board
of directors. We do not intend to
take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target
business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to
any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 107 Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors
will have two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Prior to the consummation
of this offering, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Lisan Hung, Steven J. Gomo, and Joseph I. Malchow
will serve as members of our audit committee, and Steven J. Gomo will chair the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent.
Each of Lisan Hung, Steven J. Gomo, and Joseph I. Malchow meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards
and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the
audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Steven J. Gomo qualifies as an “audit
committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules. We will adopt an audit committee charter,
which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including: · | the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; · | pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; · | setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; · | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; · | obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence; · | reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and · | reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 108 Compensation Committee Prior to the consummation
of this offering, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. Lisan Hung, Steven J. Gomo, and John D.
McCranie will serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Lisan Hung,
Steven J. Gomo, and John D. McCranie are independent, and John D. McCranie will chair the compensation committee. We will adopt a compensation
committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: · | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; · | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; · | reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; · | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; · | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; · | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; · | if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and · | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of $10,000 per month, for up to 24 months,
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business
combination. The charter will also
provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of
any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq
and the SEC. Nominating Committee Effective as of the
date of this prospectus, we have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Steven J.
Gomo, John D. McCranie and Joseph I. Malchow each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Joseph
I. Malchow will chair the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons
to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
shareholders, investment bankers and others. 109 Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for
selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: · | should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; · | should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and · | should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. The nominating committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain
skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation None of our officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics Prior to the consummation
of this offering, we will have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We will file a copy
of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to
disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See the section
of this prospectus entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Conflicts of Interest Each of our officers,
directors and director nominees presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will
honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our
initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our sponsor and our
officers, directors and director nominees have, with certain exceptions, agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become
an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this
offering, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. Those exceptions are those listed below under the heading Conflicts
of Interest , and include, as an exception, that Mr. Malchow serves as a director of Rice Acquisition Corp., and may continue
to serve as a director following an initial business combination effected by that special purpose acquisition company. 110 Investors should also
be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: · | None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. · | In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. · | Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares in such situation. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to such liquidating distributions with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares would be subject to the same restrictions. · | Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. · | Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The conflicts described
above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers
and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities
to a corporation if: · | the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; · | the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and · | it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 111 Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: Individual | Entity | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Thurman J. “T.J.” Rodgers | Bloom Energy | fuel cell manufacturer | Director
Enphase Energy, Inc. | provides microinverters and solar solutions for commercial companies and residential homes | Director
Enovix Corp. | integrates lithium ion batteries into silicon wafers | Director
FTC Solar | single-axis tracking for solar companies | Director
Solaria | solar systems | Director
Emmanuel T. Hernandez | BrainChip, Inc. | an Australian artificial intelligence company | Chairman
ON Semiconductor Corp. | semiconductor supplier company | Director
Lisan Hung | Enphase Energy, Inc. | provides microinverters and solar solutions for commercial companies and residential homes | General Counsel
Steven J. Gomo | Enphase Energy, Inc. | provides microinverters and solar solutions for commercial companies and residential homes | Director
Micron Technology | produces memory solutions | Director
Nutanix | enterprise software | Director
Solaria | solar systems | Director
John D. McCranie | NextGen Power Systems | semiconductor manufacturer | Chairman
Joseph I. Malchow | Enphase Energy, Inc. | provides microinverters and solar solutions for commercial companies and residential homes | Director
HNVR Technology Investment Management | investment firm | General Partner
Rice Acquisition Corp. | special purpose acquisition company | Director 112 Accordingly, if any
of the above executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or
her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to
us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited
from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm,
that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we
submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, Our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering
(including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized
by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their
fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly
or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We will enter into
agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer,
director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such
indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers
and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our
obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These provisions may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also
may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. We believe that these
provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract
and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 113 PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted
to reflect the sale of our common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in
this offering, by: · | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; · | each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and · | all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. The following table
presents the number of shares and percentage of our common stock owned by our initial stockholders before and after this offering.
The post-offering numbers and percentages presented assume that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, that
our sponsor forfeits an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares and that there are 25,000,000 shares of our common stock, issued and
outstanding after this offering. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) | Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock
Before Offering | After Offering
Rodgers Capital, LLC (3) | 5,750,000 | %
Thurman T.J. Rodgers | 5,750,000 | 100% | 20 | %
Emmanuel T. Hernandez | ____ | ____ | ____ | %
Lisan Hung | ____ | ____ | ____ | %
Steven J. Gomo | ____ | ____ | ____ | %
John D. McCranie | ____ | ____ | ____ | %
Joseph I. Malchow | ____ | __ | ____ | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (six individuals) | % * Less than one
percent. (1) Unless otherwise
noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 535 Eastview Avenue, Woodside, CA 94062. (2) These shares represent
the founder shares held by our initial stockholders, an aggregate of 750,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by the sponsor
depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. (3) Our sponsor is controlled
by Rodgers Massey Revocable Living Trust (the “Trust”). The Trust’s trustee is Thurman T.J. Rodgers. Immediately after this
offering, our initial stockholders will beneficially own 20% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (assuming
they do not purchase any units in this offering). Neither our sponsor nor any of our officers or directors have expressed an intention
to purchase any units in this offering. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering, we will effect a stock dividend or
a share contribution back to capital, or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock immediately
prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of the
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Because of this ownership block, our
initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including
the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate
transactions, including approval of our initial business combination. 114 Our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not
to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor and our
executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws. Restrictions on Transfers of Founder
Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares,
private placement warrants and any shares of common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer
restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us to be entered into by our sponsor, officers and directors.
Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until
the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to
exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants
and the common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in
each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of
our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual’s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate of
such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon
death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales
or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination at prices no greater than the price at
which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial
business combination; or (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our sponsor’s limited liability company agreement upon
dissolution of our sponsor, provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g), these permitted transferees
must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in
the letter agreements and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor, officers and directors, as the case may be, with
respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions described
elsewhere in this prospectus). Registration Rights The holders of the
founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares
of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering, requiring us to register such securities for
resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion
of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 115 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS In September 2020,
we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash, or approximately
$0.004 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering we will effect
a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common
stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders
at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Up to an aggregate of
750,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part. The founder shares (including the common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may
not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor has committed,
pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of $1.00
per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The private placement warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering, subject to limited exceptions. The private placement
warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. As more fully discussed
in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Commencing on the date
of this prospectus, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying these monthly fees. In September 2020,
our sponsor agreed to loan us $50,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering pursuant to a promissory note.
The note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable promptly after the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
this offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct this offering. Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment
of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers,
directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There
is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 116 After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy
solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known
at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. We will enter into
a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working
capital loans (if any) and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder
shares, which is described under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Registration
Rights.” Related Party Policy We have not yet adopted
a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed
above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. Prior to the consummation
of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under
guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our
public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction,
arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code
of ethics that we plan to adopt prior to the consummation of this offering is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
of which this prospectus is a part. In addition, our audit
committee, pursuant to a written charter that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering, will be responsible for
reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a
majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve
a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting,
the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction.
A form of the audit committee charter that we plan to adopt prior to the consummation of this offering is filed as an exhibit to
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to
complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are
intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict
of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with
any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an
independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder’s fees, reimbursements, consulting
fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will
be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: · | Payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of $10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; · | Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and · | Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 117 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Pursuant to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock will consist of 100,000,000 shares of common
stock, $0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value. The following description
summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that
is important to you. Units Each unit has an
offering price of $10.00 and consists of one whole share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
described in this prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase a multiple of two units, the number of warrants issuable
to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. We expect the common stock and
warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current
Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the
shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate
their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate
the units into shares of common stock and warrants. In no event will the
common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an
audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the net proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file a Current Report
on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet upon the completion of this offering, which is anticipated to take place
three business days after the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following
the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide
updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. Common Stock Upon the closing of
this offering, 25,000,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment
option and the corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 750,000 founder shares by our sponsor). If we increase or decrease
the size of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism,
as applicable, with respect to our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain
the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation
of this offering. Common stockholders
of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange
rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted
on by our stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter
into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial
business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 118 In accordance with
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our
first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual
meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written
consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual
meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section
211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public
share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial
holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any
public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies
that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide
for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not
required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s
proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company
entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation
of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or
indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any
such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would
not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our stockholders’ inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell
such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to
the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 119 If we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares
held by our sponsor, officers and directors, we would need only 1,250,001, or approximately 6.3%, of the 20,000,000 public shares
sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only a quorum is present at the meeting)
in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
(subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). Pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire
public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably
in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class
of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There
are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares
are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have
the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by
them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such
time period, and (iii) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by
them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors
would be subject to the same restrictions applicable to our sponsor, officers or directors, respectively. 120 With certain limited
exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the
earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital
stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Preferred Stock Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each
series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding
at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will
not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering. Redeemable Warrants Public Stockholders’ Warrants Each whole warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering or 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a holder purchases a multiple of two units, the number of
warrants issuable to such holder upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. We will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock upon exercise
of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under
the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the
two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing
such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. 121 We are not registering
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a
registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become exercisable, we
may call the warrants for redemption: · | in whole and not in part; · | at a price of $0.01 per warrant; · | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrantholder; and · | if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering. We have established
the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants,
each warrantholder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common
stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant
to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless
basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean
the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice
of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise
of the warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will
reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination.
If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted
transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same
formula described above that other warrantholders would have been required to use had all warrantholders been required to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 122 A holder of a warrant
may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise
such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates),
to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% or 9.99% (or such other amount as a holder
may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. If the number of outstanding
shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common
stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares
of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares
of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less
than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the
number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such
rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price
per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights
offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock,
there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10)
trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we,
at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other
assets to the holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which
the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the
redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the
redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure
to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the
effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
share of common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding
shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common
stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification
or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to
such decrease in outstanding shares of common stock. Whenever the number
of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment,
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value
of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets
or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of
the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer,
that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event.
If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of
common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established
over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder
of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable
event, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined
in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders
of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders
of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the option
value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value portion of the
warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model
is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 123 The warrants will
be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. In addition, if we
issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price
or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our
initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares or private placement securities held by
them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 115% of the newly issued price. The warrants may be
exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with
the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment
of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrantholders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted
on by stockholders. No fractional shares
will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be
issued to the warrantholder. Private Placement Warrants The private placement
warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described
under the section of this prospectus entitled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants,” to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to
our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they
are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the
private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions
that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees,
the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included
in the units being sold in this offering. 124 If holders of the private
placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants
for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of
common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair
market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average last
reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time
whether they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination. If they are affiliated with us following an
initial business combination, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect
to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during
such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or
she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing
so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans may
be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the
private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital
loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the private placement warrants
(including the common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete
our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of this prospectus
titled “Principal Stockholders — Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”
made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of which will
be subject to the same transfer restrictions. Dividends We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase
or decrease the size of the offering we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate
mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount
as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon
the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent
for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders,
directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities
in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person
or entity. 125 Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us
until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders
of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock upon the closing
of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: · | If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; · | Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; · | Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; · | If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; · | If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and · | We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. 126 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of
Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We will be subject
to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this offering. This statute prevents
certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” with: · | a stockholder who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”); · | an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or · | an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A “business
combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not
apply if: · | our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction; · | after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or · | on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. Our authorized but
unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized
for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or
discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name,
actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in
the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable
party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B)
which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of
Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of
Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in
the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is
enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 127 Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide
that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive
Officer or by our Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide
that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as
directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business
on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of
the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion
in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements
as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters
before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Action by written consent Subsequent to the consummation
of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual
or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders. Securities Eligible for Future Sale Immediately after the
consummation of this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) we will have 25,000,000 (or
28,750,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these
shares, the 20,000,000 shares (or 23,000,000 if the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full) sold in this
offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased
by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 5,000,000 (or 5,750,000
if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares and all 6,000,000 private placement warrants are
restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the
shares of common stock and private placement warrants are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus.
These restricted securities will be entitled to registration rights as more fully described below under “— Registration
Rights.” Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any
time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for
at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at
any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be
entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: · | 1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 250,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 287,500 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or · | the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates
under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public
information about us. 128 Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144
by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: · | the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; · | the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; · | the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and · | at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial
stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. Registration Rights The holders of the
founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares
of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering, requiring us to register such securities for
resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion
of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities We have applied to list our units, common
stock and warrants on Nasdaq under the symbols “RSVAU,” “RSVA” and “RSVAW,” respectively. We
expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following
the date the shares of our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common
stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved
for listing on Nasdaq. 129 U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion
is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences generally applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposition
of our units, shares of common stock and warrants, which we refer to collectively as our securities. Because the components of
a unit are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, as the owner of the underlying common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant components of the unit, as the case
may be. As a result, the discussion below with respect to actual holders of common stock and warrants should also apply to holders
of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying common stock and warrants that comprise the units). This discussion applies only
to securities that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is applicable only to holders who purchased
units for cash in this offering. This discussion assumes that the common stock and warrants will trade separately and that any
distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our common stock and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in
consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. This summary is based upon U.S. federal
income tax laws as of the date of this prospectus, which is subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly with retroactive
effect. This discussion is
a summary only and does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances,
including but not limited to the alternative minimum tax, the Medicare tax on certain investment income and the different consequences
that may apply if you are subject to special rules that apply to certain types of investors, including but not limited to: · financial institutions or financial services entities; · broker-dealers; · governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; · regulated investment companies; · real estate investment trusts; · expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; · persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more (by vote or value) of our shares; · insurance companies; · dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting with respect to the securities; · persons holding the securities as part of a “straddle,” hedge, integrated transaction or similar transaction; · U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; · partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; and · tax-exempt entities. If a partnership (including
an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our securities, the tax treatment
of a partner, member or other beneficial owner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner, member
or other beneficial owner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner, member or other beneficial
owner level. If you are a partner, member or other beneficial owner of a partnership holding our securities, you are urged to consult
your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities. 130 This discussion is
based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions
and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date hereof, which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive
basis, and changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein.
No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has been or will be sought regarding any tax matter discussed
herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be
no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy
of the statements in this discussion. This discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. taxation, or any
U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes (such as gift and estate taxes). You should consult
your tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences
arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction. THIS DISCUSSION IS
ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF
OUR SECURITIES. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR
TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY
AND EFFECT OF ANY U.S. FEDERAL NON-INCOME, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS. Personal Holding Company Status We could be subject
to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company,
or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income
tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without
regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt
organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules)
more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross
income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among
other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date
and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist
of PHC income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our
sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock
may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year.
Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become
a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently imposed at a rate of 20%, on our undistributed
PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit No statutory, administrative
or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to a unit for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as the acquisition of one share of our common stock and one-half of one warrant to acquire one share of our common stock. For U.S.
federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit between the
one share of common stock and the one warrant based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. Under U.S.
federal income tax law, each investor must make his or her own determination of such value based on all the relevant facts and
circumstances. Therefore, we strongly urge each investor to consult his or her tax advisor regarding the determination of value
for these purposes. The price allocated to each share of common stock and the one warrant should be the stockholder’s tax
basis in such share or one warrant, as the case may be. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax
purposes as a disposition of the share of common stock and one warrant comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition
should be allocated between the common stock and the one warrant based on their respective relative fair market values (as determined
by each such unit holder based on all the relevant facts and circumstances) at the time of disposition. The separation of shares
of common stock and warrants comprising units and the combination of two halves of warrants into a single warrant should not be
a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 131 The foregoing treatment
of the units, shares of common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or
the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can
be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly,
each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including
alternative characterizations of a unit). The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described
above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders This section applies to you if you are a
 “U.S. holder.” A U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our units, shares of common stock or warrants who or that is,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes: · | an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; · | a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; · | an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or · | a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person. Taxation of Distributions. If
we pay distributions in cash or other property (other than certain distributions of our stock or rights to acquire our stock) to
U.S. holders of shares of our common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax
purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles.
Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied
against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock. Any remaining excess will
be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will be treated as described under “U.S.
Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below. Dividends we pay to
a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding
period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes
of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a
non-corporate U.S. holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at preferential
long-term capital gains rates. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus
may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction
or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied,
then a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire
dividend amount, and non-corporate U.S. holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead
of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income. 132 Gain or Loss on
Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants. Upon a sale or other
taxable disposition of our common stock or warrants which, in general, would include a redemption of common stock or warrants that
is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event
we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. holder generally will recognize capital
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in
the common stock or warrants. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s
holding period for the common stock or warrants so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption
rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for
this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the common stock is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. holders may not be
able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale
or taxable disposition of the shares would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary
income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Generally, the amount
of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and
the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the common stock or warrants are held as part of units
at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the common stock or
the warrants based upon the then relative fair market values of the common stock and the warrants included in the units) and (ii)
the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock or warrants so disposed of. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis
in its common stock or warrants generally will equal the U.S. holder’s acquisition cost (that is, as discussed above, the
portion of the purchase price of a unit allocated to a share of common stock or one half of one warrant or, as discussed below,
the U.S. holder’s initial basis for common stock received upon exercise of warrants) less, in the case of a share of common
stock, any prior distributions treated as a return of capital. Redemption of Common
Stock. In the event that a U.S. holder’s common stock is redeemed pursuant to the redemption provisions
described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock”
or if we purchase a U.S. holder’s common stock in an open market transaction (such open market purchase of common stock by
us is referred to as a “redemption” for the remainder of this discussion), the treatment of the transaction for U.S.
federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the common stock under Section 302 of
the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of the common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as described under “U.S.
Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” above.
If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of the common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution
with the tax consequences described above under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”. Whether a redemption
qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. holder
(including any stock constructively owned by the U.S. holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding
both before and after the redemption. The redemption of common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the common stock (rather
than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S.
holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially
equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder. These tests are explained more fully below. In determining whether
any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. holder takes into account not only stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, but
also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned
directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. holder has an interest or that have
an interest in such U.S. holder, as well as any stock the U.S. holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would
generally include common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants. In order to meet the substantially
disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately
following the redemption of common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding
voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination
of a U.S. holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder
are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed and the U.S. holder is eligible
to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and
the U.S. holder does not constructively own any other shares of our stock (including any stock constructively owned by the U.S.
holder as a result of owning warrants). The redemption of the common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if
the redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether
the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular
facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate
interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute
such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of
a redemption. 133 If none of the foregoing
tests is satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under
 “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis
of the U.S. holder in the redeemed common stock will be added to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock,
or, if it has none, to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other stock constructively owned
by it. Exercise, Lapse,
or Redemption of a Warrant. Except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant,
a U.S. holder generally will not recognize taxable gain or loss on the acquisition of common stock upon exercise of a warrant for
cash. The U.S. holder’s tax basis in the share of our common stock received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be
an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrant (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s
purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase
Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price. It is unclear whether the U.S. holder’s holding period
for the common stock received upon exercise of the warrants will begin on the date following the date of exercise or on the date
of exercise of the warrants; in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the
warrants. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s
tax basis in the warrant. The tax consequences
of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the
exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
In either tax-free situation, a U.S. holder’s basis in the common stock received would equal the holder’s basis in
the warrants exercised therefor. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear whether
a U.S. holder’s holding period in the common stock would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of
exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period would not include the period during which
the U.S. holder held the warrants. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the common
stock would include the holding period of the warrants exercised therefor. It is also possible
that a cashless exercise could be treated in whole or in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized.
In such event, a U.S. holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants having an aggregate fair market value equal
to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. holder would recognize capital gain or loss in
an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the common stock received in respect of the warrants deemed
surrendered and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. holder’s aggregate
tax basis in the common stock received would equal the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrants deemed
exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described
above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrants.
It is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock would commence on the date following the date of
exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period would not include the period during which
the U.S. holder held the warrant. Due to the absence
of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. holder’s holding period
would commence with respect to the common stock received, there can be no assurance regarding which, if any, of the alternative
tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. holders should
consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise. If we redeem warrants
for cash pursuant to the redemption provisions described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities
 — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants” or if we purchase warrants in an open market transaction,
such redemption or purchase generally will be treated as a taxable disposition to the U.S. holder, taxed as described above under
 “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants.” Possible Constructive
Distributions. The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common
stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section
of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.”
An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. U.S. holders of the warrants would, however,
be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to
such exercise price increases the warrantholders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through
an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise
price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares
of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case
which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described
under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions” in the same manner as if the U.S. holders of the warrants received
a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment. 134 Information Reporting
and Backup Withholding . In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to a U.S. holder and to
the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our units, shares of common stock and warrants, unless the U.S. holder is an exempt
recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number,
a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification
has not been withdrawn). Backup withholding
is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against a
U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided the required information
is timely furnished to the IRS. Non-U.S. Holders This section applies
to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner
of our units, common stock or warrants who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: · | a non-resident alien individual (other than certain former citizens and residents of the United States subject to U.S. tax as expatriates); · | a foreign corporation or · | an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder; but generally does not include an individual who is present
in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult
your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or sale or other disposition
of our securities. Taxation of Distributions. In
general, any distributions (including constructive distributions) we make to a Non-U.S. holder of shares of our common stock, to
the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles),
will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with
the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required to withhold tax from the
gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such Non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under
an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). In the case of any constructive dividend, it is possible that this tax would be withheld from any
amount owed to a Non-U.S. holder by us or the applicable withholding agent, including cash distributions on other property or sale
proceeds from warrants or other property subsequently paid or credited to such holder. Any distribution not constituting a dividend
will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common
stock and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale
or other disposition of the common stock, which will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale,
Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below. In addition, if we determine that we are
classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale,
Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution
that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Dividends we pay to
a Non-U.S. holder that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United
States (or, if a tax treaty applies, are attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the
Non-U.S. holder) will generally not be subject to U.S. withholding tax, provided such Non-U.S. holder complies with certain
certification and disclosure requirements (usually by providing an applicable IRS Form W-8). Instead, such dividends will generally
be subject to U.S. federal income tax as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident, subject to an applicable tax treaty
providing otherwise. A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional
 “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower treaty rate). 135 Gain on Sale, Taxable
Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants. A Non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S.
federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain realized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our common
stock, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of this offering, or warrants (including an expiration or redemption of our warrants), in each case
without regard to whether those securities were held as part of a unit, unless: · | the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, under certain tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. holder); or · | we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the Non-U.S. holder held our common stock, and, in the case where shares of our common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that our common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose. Unless an applicable
treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal
income tax rates as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of
a Non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30%
rate (or lower treaty rate). If the second bullet
point above applies to a Non-U.S. holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our common
stock or warrants will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our common
stock or warrants from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized
upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until
we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the
fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair
market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Redemption of Common
Stock. The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s
common stock generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s
common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the
redemption to the Non-U.S. holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”
and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants,”
as applicable. Because it may not be certain at the time a Non-U.S. holder is redeemed whether such Non-U.S. holder’s redemption
will be treated as a sale of shares or a distribution constituting a dividend, and because such determination will depend in part
on a Non-U.S. holder’s particular circumstances, we or the applicable withholding agent may not be able to determine whether
(or to what extent) a Non-U.S. holder is treated as receiving a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, we or
the applicable withholding agent may withhold tax at a rate of 30% on the gross amount of any consideration paid to a Non-U.S.
holder in redemption of such Non-U.S. holder’s common stock unless special procedures are available to Non-U.S. holders to
certify that they are entitled to exemptions from, or reductions in, such withholding tax. However, there can be no assurance that
such special certification procedures will be available. A Non-U.S. holder generally may obtain a refund of any such excess amounts
withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the application of the foregoing rules in light of their particular facts and circumstances. 136 Exercise, Lapse
or Redemption of a Warrant. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. holder’s exercise
of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment
of the exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. holder, as described under “U.S. holders — Exercise, Lapse, or Redemption
of a Warrant” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be
similar to those described below in “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition
of Common Stock and Warrants.” The characterization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of the Non-U.S. holder’s warrants generally will correspond to the
U.S. federal income tax treatment of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s warrants, as described under “U.S. Holders—Exercise,
Lapse or Redemption of a Warrant” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non -U.S. holder will be as
described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of
Common Stock and Warrants” depending on such characterization. Possible Constructive
Distributions . The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common
stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section
of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants — Public Stockholders’ Warrants.”
An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. Non-U.S. holders of the warrants would, however,
be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares
or to such exercise price increases the warrantholders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g.,
through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise
price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares
of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case
which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to U.S. federal
income tax (including any applicable withholding) in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash
distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment. It is possible that
any withholding tax on such a constructive distribution might be satisfied by us or the applicable withholding agent through a
sale of a portion of the Non-U.S. holder’s shares of common stock, warrants or other property held or controlled by us or
the applicable withholding agent on behalf of the Non-U.S. holder or might be withheld from distributions or proceeds subsequently
paid or credited to the Non-U.S. holder. Information Reporting
and Backup Withholding. Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of
dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our units, shares of common stock and warrants. A Non-U.S. holder
may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under
a treaty generally will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well. Backup withholding
is not an additional tax . The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. holder will be allowed as a
credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the
required information is timely furnished to the IRS. All Non-U.S. holders
should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them. FATCA Withholding
Taxes. Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance
promulgated thereunder (commonly referred as the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” or “FATCA”) generally
impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of our securities which are held by or through
certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (1) enters into, and complies
with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained
by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned
by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments, or (2) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United
States and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information
with the U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify
these requirements. Accordingly, the entity through which our securities are held will affect the determination of whether such
withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of our securities held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S.
entity that does not qualify under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity
either (1) certifies to us or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any “substantial United States
owners” or (2) provides certain information regarding the entity’s “substantial United States owners,”
which will in turn be provided to the U.S. Department of Treasury. Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. holder might be eligible
for refunds or credits of such withholding taxes, and a Non-U.S. holder might be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return
to claim such refunds or credits. Thirty percent withholding under FATCA was scheduled to apply to payments of gross proceeds from
the sale or other disposition of property that produces U.S.-source interest or dividends beginning on January 1, 2019, but on
December 13, 2018, the IRS released proposed regulations that, if finalized in their proposed form, would eliminate the obligation
to withhold on gross proceeds. Such proposed regulations also delayed withholding on certain other payments received from other
foreign financial institutions that are allocable, as provided for under final Treasury Regulations, to payments of U.S.-source
dividends, and other fixed or determinable annual or periodic income. Although these proposed Treasury Regulations are not final,
taxpayers generally may rely on them until final Treasury Regulations are issued. All prospective investors should consult their
tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our securities. 137 UNDERWRITING Under the terms and
subject to the conditions contained in an underwriting agreement dated the date of this prospectus, each underwriter named below
has severally and not jointly agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters named below the following respective
numbers of units: Underwriter | Number of Units
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Total | 20,000,000 The underwriting agreement
provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the units included in this offering are subject to approval of legal
matters by counsel and to other conditions. The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters are obligated to purchase
all the units in this offering if any are purchased, other than those units covered by the over-allotment option described below. We have granted to
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase on a pro rata basis up to 3,000,000 additional units at the initial public offering
price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The option may be exercised only to cover any over-allotments of units. The underwriters propose
to offer the units initially at the public offering price on the cover page of this prospectus and to selling group members at
that price less a selling concession of $____per unit. The following table
shows the underwriting discounts and commissions that we are to pay to the underwriters in connection with this offering. These
amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. $0.35 per unit,
or $7,000,000 (or $8,050,000 if the overallotment option is exercised in full), of deferred underwriting commissions will be paid
to the underwriters upon the completion of our initial business combination. No Exercise | Full Exercise
Per Unit (1) | $ | 0.55 | $ | 0.55
Total (1) | $ | 11,000,000 | $ | 12,650,000 (1) Includes
$0.35 per unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate (or $8,050,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option
is exercised in full), payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located
in the United States as described herein and released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial business
combination. We estimate that our
non-reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses for this offering will be approximately $800,000. We have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related
fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $25,000. The underwriters have
informed us that the underwriters do not intend to make sales to discretionary accounts. We, our sponsor
and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly
or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. for a period of 180 days after the date of this
prospectus, any units, warrants, common stock or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, common
stock; provided, however, that we may (1) issue and sell the private placement warrants; (2) issue and sell the additional units
to cover our underwriters’ over-allotment option (if any); (3) register with the SEC pursuant to an agreement to be entered
into on or prior to the closing of this offering, the resale of the private placement warrants and the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and the founder shares; and (4) issue securities in connection with our initial business
combination. However, the foregoing shall not apply to the forfeiture of any founder shares pursuant to their terms or any transfer
of founder shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent
director is subject to the terms of the letter agreement, filed herewith, at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the
extent any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a
practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer). Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. may, in its sole discretion, release any of
the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time without notice. 138 Our sponsor and our
directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of
(A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x)
if the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for
cash, securities or other property (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under “Principal Stockholders —
Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions
and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. The private placement
warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions
as described under “Principal Stockholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). We have agreed to indemnify
the underwriters against certain liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required
to make in that respect. We have applied to
have our units listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “RSVAU” Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading,
we expect that the common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “RSVA” and “RSVAW,”
respectively. Prior to this offering,
there has been no public market for our securities. Consequently, the initial public offering price for the units was determined
by negotiations between us and the underwriters. The determination of
our per unit offering price was more arbitrary than would typically be the case if we were an operating company. Among the factors
considered in determining the initial public offering price were the history and prospects of companies whose principal business
is the acquisition of other companies, prior offerings of those companies, our management, our capital structure, and currently
prevailing general conditions in equity securities markets, including current market valuations of publicly traded companies considered
comparable to our company. We cannot assure you, however, that the price at which the units, common stock or warrants will sell
in the public market after this offering will not be lower than the initial public offering price or that an active trading market
in our units, common stock or warrants will develop and continue after this offering. The underwriters have
agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not consummate
an initial business combination within the required time frame and instead liquidate, and, in such event, such amounts will be
included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares in connection
with our liquidation. In connection with
this offering, the underwriters may engage in stabilizing transactions, overallotment transactions, syndicate covering transactions
and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Stabilizing transactions
permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Over-allotment involves
sales by the underwriters of units in excess of the number of units the underwriters are obligated to purchase, which creates a
syndicate short position. The short position may be either a covered short position or a naked short position. In a covered short
position, the number of units over-allotted by the underwriters is not greater than the number of units that they may purchase
in the over-allotment option. In a naked short position, the number of units involved is greater than the number of units in the
over-allotment option. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their over-allotment option
and/or purchasing units in the open market. 139 Syndicate covering
transactions involve purchases of the units in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate
short positions. In determining the source of units to close out the short position, the underwriters will consider, among other
things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units
through the overallotment option. If the underwriters sell more units than could be covered by the over-allotment option, a naked
short position, the position can only be closed out by buying units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to
be created if the underwriters are concerned that there could be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market
after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. Penalty bids permit
the representative to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the units originally sold by the syndicate member
are purchased in a stabilizing or syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. These stabilizing transactions,
syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or
preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the units. As a result, the price of our units may be higher than the
price that might otherwise exist in the open market. These transactions may be effected on Nasdaq or otherwise and, if commenced,
may be discontinued at any time. We are not under any
contractual obligation to engage the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering and have no present intent
to do so. However, the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital
in the future. If the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay the underwriters fair and reasonable
fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into
with the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to the underwriters prior to the date that is 90 days from the
date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection
with this offering, and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder’s
fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. The underwriters and
their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary
course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions
for these transactions. In addition, in the
ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans)
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities
and/or instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. A prospectus in electronic
format may be made available on the websites maintained by the underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in
this offering and the underwriters participating in this offering may distribute prospectuses electronically. The underwriters
may allocate a number of units for sale to its online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated by the
underwriters that will make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations. The units are offered
for sale in the United States and other jurisdictions where it is lawful to make such offers. The underwriters have
represented and agreed that they have not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the units directly
or indirectly, or distribute this prospectus or any other offering material relating to the units, in or from any jurisdiction
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations thereof and that will not impose
any obligations on us except as set forth in the underwriting agreement. 140 Selling Restrictions Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada The securities may be sold only to purchasers
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations . Any resale of the securities
must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable
securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces
or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these
rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument
33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia This prospectus is not a disclosure document
for the purposes of Australia’s Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”), has not been lodged with the
Australian Securities & Investments Commission and is only directed to the categories of exempt persons set out below. Accordingly,
if you receive this prospectus in Australia: You confirm and warrant that you are either: · | a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act; · | a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(c) or (d) of the Corporations Act and that you have provided an accountant’s certificate to the Company which complies with the requirements of section 708(8)(c)(i) or (ii) of the Corporations Act and related regulations before the offer has been made; · | a person associated with the Company under Section 708(12) of the Corporations Act; or · | a “professional investor” within the meaning of section 708(11)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act, to whom an offer of securities may be made without a disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act). You further warrant
and agree that you will not offer any of the securities issued to you pursuant to this prospectus for resale in Australia within
12 months of those securities being issued unless any such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document
under section 708 of the Corporations Act. To the extent that
you are unable to confirm or warrant that you are an exempt sophisticated investor, associated person or professional investor
under the Corporations Act and/or warrant and agree that you will comply with the 12 month on-sale restrictions, any offer made
to you under this prospectus is void and incapable of acceptance. The information contained
in this prospectus is not investment or financial product advice (nor tax, accounting or legal advice). The Company makes no recommendations
as to whether you should participate in the offering. In preparing this prospectus, the Company has not taken into account the
individual objectives, financial situation or needs of individual investors. Accordingly, before making an investment decision,
you may wish to consult with your legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser. 141 Selling Restrictions with Respect to the European Economic
Area and United Kingdom In relation to each
Relevant State, no offer of our securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus to the public
may be made in that Relevant State other than: (a) to any
legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; (b) to fewer than
150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the
prior consent of the relevant underwriter or underwriters nominated by us for any such offer; or (c) in any
other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of our securities shall
require us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of
this provision, the expression an “offer of our securities to the public” in relation to our securities in any Relevant
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and our securities
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for our securities. This EEA and UK selling restriction is
in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below. Notice to Prospective Investors in
Hong Kong No securities have
been offered or sold, and no securities may be offered or sold, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (a) to “professional
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”) and any rules
made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined
in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”)
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. No document, invitation or advertisement
relating to the securities has been issued or may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue
(in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read
by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to securities
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. This prospectus has
not been registered with the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may not be issued, circulated or
distributed in Hong Kong, and the securities may not be offered for subscription to members of the public in Hong Kong. Each person
acquiring the securities will be required, and is deemed by the acquisition of the securities, to confirm that he is aware of the
restriction on offers of the securities described in this prospectus and the relevant offering documents and that he is not acquiring,
and has not been offered any securities in circumstances that contravene any such restrictions. Notice to Prospective Investors in
Israel This document does
not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968, or the Israeli Securities Law, and has not been filed
with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, this prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only
at, and any offer of the units is directed only at, (i) a limited number of persons in accordance with the Israeli Securities Law
and (ii) investors listed in the first addendum, or the Addendum, to the Israeli Securities Law, consisting primarily of joint
investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters, venture capital funds, entities with equity in excess of NIS 50 million and “qualified
individuals,” each as defined in the Addendum (as it may be amended from time to time), collectively referred to as qualified
investors (in each case, purchasing for their own account or, where permitted under the Addendum, for the accounts of their clients
who are investors listed in the Addendum). Qualified investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within
the scope of the Addendum, are aware of the meaning of same and agree to it. 142 Notice to Prospective Investors in
Japan The offering has not
been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948 of Japan, as amended),
or FIEL, and accordingly the Initial Purchaser has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any securities, directly or indirectly,
in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to, or for the account or benefit of, others
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan, except
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and any other applicable
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. Notice to Prospective Investors in
Singapore This prospectus has
not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus
and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the securities
may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription
or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section
274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to
Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the securities
are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: · | a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or · | a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1)
of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the securities pursuant to an offer made under
Section 275 of the SFA except: to an institutional investor or to a relevant
person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B)
of the SFA; · | where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; · | where the transfer is by operation of law; · | as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or · | as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. Notice to Prospective Investors in
Switzerland This prospectus is
not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the units in Switzerland. The units offered hereby
may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)
and no application has or will be made to admit the units to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility)
in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the units constitutes a prospectus
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the units may be publicly
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 143 Notice to Prospective Investors in
the United Kingdom Any invitation or inducement
to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of our securities may only be communicated
or caused to be communicated in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to us. All applicable provisions of the FSMA must
be complied with in respect to anything done by any person in relation to our securities in, from or otherwise involving the UK. LEGAL MATTERS Loeb & Loeb LLP,
New York, New York, has passed upon the validity of the securities offered hereby on behalf of us. Certain legal matters will be
passed upon on behalf of the underwriters by White & Case LLP. EXPERTS The financial statements
of Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. as of September 30, 2020, and for the period from September 23, 2020 (date of inception)
through September 30, 2020, have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their
report thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Rodgers Silicon Valley
Acquisition Corp. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements) appearing elsewhere in this
prospectus, and are included in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with
the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus.
This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us
and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement.
Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially
complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer
to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document. Upon completion of
this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current
event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement,
over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . 144 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PAGE
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Balance Sheet | F-3
Statement of Operations | F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors
of Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of September 30, 2020 and the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from September 23, 2020 (inception) through
September 30, 2020 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2020
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from September 23, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph — Going
Concern The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company’s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed initial public offering described
in Note 3 to the financial statements. The Company had a working capital deficit as of September 30, 2020 and lacks
the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from
the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management’s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2020. New York, NY October 14, 2020 F- 2 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 ASSETS
Current asset - cash | $ | 25,000
Deferred offering costs | 55,000
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 80,000
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 1,000
Accrued offering costs | 5,000
Promissory note — related party | 50,000
Total Current Liabilities | 56,000
Commitments
Stockholder’s Equity
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) | 575
Additional paid-in capital | 24,425
Accumulated deficit | (1,000 | )
Total Stockholder’s Equity | 24,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY | $ | 80,000 (1) | Includes up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 3 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 23, 2020
(INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 Formation and operating costs | $ | 1,000
Net Loss | $ | (1,000 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 5,000,000
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.00 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 4 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S
EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 23, 2020
(INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 Common Stock | Additional Paid -in | Accumulated | Total Stockholder’s
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance — September 23, 2020 (inception) | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of common stock to Sponsor (1) | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | (1,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Balance — September 30, 2020 | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | 24,425 | $ | (1,000 | ) | $ | 24,000 (1) | Includes 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 5 RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 23, 2020
(INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (1,000 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accrued expenses | 1,000
Net cash used in operating activities | —
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor | 25,000
Proceeds from promissory note — related party | 50,000
Payment of offering costs | (50,000 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | $ | 25,000
Net Change in Cash | 25,000
Cash — Beginning | —
Cash — Ending | $ | 25,000
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | 5,000 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 6 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Note 1 — Description of Organization
and Business Operations Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp.
(the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on September 23, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering
into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one
or more businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited to a particular
industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had
not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from September 23, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 relates
to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (“Proposed Public Offering”), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Public
Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s ability to commence
operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a Proposed Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the
 “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”)
at $10.00 per Unit (or 23,000,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), which is discussed
in Note 3, and the sale of 6,000,000 warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement to the Company’s sponsor, Rodgers Capital LLC (the “Sponsor”), that will close
simultaneously with the Proposed Public Offering. The Company’s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must
complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as
defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the
time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company intends to only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management
has agreed that an amount equal to at least $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United States
and held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust
Account, as described below. The Company will provide its holders of
the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to
approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public
stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to the Company’s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and
classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” The Company will proceed with a
Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such
consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are
voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to
hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender
offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to
completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company
decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined
in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering in favor of approving a Business
Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. F- 7 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Notwithstanding the above, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive
redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the
substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company’s initial Business
Combination and certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to
redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until 24 months from
the closing of the Proposed Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and stockholders do not approve an amendment to the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend this date, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders
and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company’s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed to waive liquidation
rights with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However,
if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The
underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts
will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares.
In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will
be less than the Proposed Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00). In order to protect the amounts held in
the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a
transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser
amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductio0ns in
the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company’s tax obligation and
up to $100,000 for liquidation excepts, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the Trust Account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under the Company’s
indemnity of the underwriters of Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company
will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. F- 8 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Going Concern Consideration At September 30, 2020, the Company had
$25,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of $31,000. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address
this uncertainty through a Proposed Public Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans
to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 2 — Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements are
presented in in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth
company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with
another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2020. Deferred Offering Costs Deferred offering costs consist of legal,
accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed
Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering. Should
the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to be incurred, will
be charged to operations. F- 9 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020. The
Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The provision for income taxes was deemed
to be de minimis for the period from September 23, 2020 (inception) to September 30, 2020. Net Loss Per Common Share Net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock
subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 750,000 shares of
common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). At
September 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is
the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may
exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying
amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
financial statements. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have
a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Proposed Public Offering and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 3 — Public Offering Pursuant to the Proposed Public Offering,
the Company intends to offer for sale 20,000,000 Units (or 23,000,000 Units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)
at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant redeemable
warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock
at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). F- 10 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Note 4 — Private Placement The Sponsor has committed to purchase an
aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase
price of $6,000,000, from the Company in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the Proposed Public
Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the net
proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used
to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. Note 5 — Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On September 24, 2020, the Company issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock (the “Founder Shares”) to the Sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of $25,000 in cash. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own 20% of the
Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public
Shares in the Proposed Public Offering). The Sponsor will agree, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Company’s
common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. Promissory Note — Related Party On September 24, 2020, the Company issued
an unsecured promissory note to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $50,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable
on the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or (iii) the abandonment of the Proposed Public Offering.
As of September 30, 2020, there was $50,000 outstanding under the Promissory Note. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in
connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the
Company’s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working
Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of
the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay
the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,000,000 of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be
identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Note 6 — Commitments Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any shares
of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or
on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the
case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In
addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or
other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. F- 11 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Underwriting Agreement The Company will grant the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters will be entitled to a
cash underwriting discount of 2.0% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $4,000,000 (or up to $4,600,000 if
the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee
of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $7,000,000 (or up to $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
is exercised in full). The deferred fee will be payable in cash to the underwriters solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Note 7 — Stockholder’s Equity Common Stock — The Company
is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The Company will increase its authorized
shares of common stock to 100,000,000 prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement relating to the Proposed Public
Offering. At September 30, 2020, there were 5,750,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up
to 750,000 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock after
the Proposed Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Public Offering). Warrants — Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only
whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering. The Public Warrants will
expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver
any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No
warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant
unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as
practicable, but in no event later than 15 days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
following a Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day
after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a
 “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the Public Warrants: · | in whole and not in part;
· | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
· | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
· | if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders F- 12 RODGERS SILICON
VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS If and when the warrants become redeemable
by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants
for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a
 “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A
common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the
warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor
will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants.
Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues
additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue
price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior
to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants will be
identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units to be sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable
or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Note 8 — Subsequent Events The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to October 14, 2020, the date that the financial statements were
issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statements. F- 13 $200,000,000 20,000,000
Units Rodgers
Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. PROSPECTUS ______
 , 2020 Oppenheimer & Co. Until
_____, 2020 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not
participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation
to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. You
should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone
to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely
on it. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale
is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than
the date on the front of this prospectus. No
dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this
offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied
upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy
any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any
securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. F- 14 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item
13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The
estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting
discount and commissions) will be as follows: SEC expenses | $ | 25,093
FINRA expenses | 35,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 30,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 30,000
Directors & officers liability insurance premiums (1) | 200,000
Legal fees and expenses | 250,000
Nasdaq listing and filing fees | 75,000
Miscellaneous | 154,907
Total | $ | 800,000 (1) This
amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates
paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes an initial business combination. Item
14. Indemnification of Directors and officers. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall
be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL. Section 145 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below. Section
145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. F- 15 (b) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. (c) | To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) | Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) | Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the corporation or by persons serving at the request of the corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred. (g) | A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) | For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. F- 16 (i) | For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. (j) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) | The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any by law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees). Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling
persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in
a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. In
accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director
shall be personally liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty
as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect
of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders
(through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the
fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted
by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder
to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care. If
the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance
with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated
or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes
in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective
only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors
on a retroactive basis. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted
by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers
of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise,
including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation,
attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding. F- 17 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be
indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our board
of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification. The
right to indemnification which will be conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right
that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced
above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by
our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery
to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined
that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or otherwise. The
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered
by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Any
repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether
by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise
required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification
rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time
of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to
such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons
other that those specifically covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our
bylaws, which we intend to adopt immediately prior to the closing of this offering, include the provisions relating to advancement
of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those which will be set forth in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification
or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase
and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another
entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify
such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. Any
repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders
or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required
by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification
rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder
with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. We
will enter into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit
to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted
under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a
result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement to be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters
and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this
offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. F- 18 Item
15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. In
September 2020, Rodgers Capital, LLC, our sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares, for an aggregate offering
price of $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.004 per share. Such securities were issued in connection with
our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is
an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. In
addition, our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an aggregate of 6,000,000 warrants at
a price of $1.00 per warrant for $6,000,000 in the aggregate. This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously
with the completion of this offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to such sale. Item
16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Exhibits. The
list of exhibits preceding the signature page of this registration statement is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Financial
Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements and schedules included in the registration
statement. Item
17. Undertakings. (a) The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements,
certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each
purchaser. (b) Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant
of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered,
the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and
will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c) The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For
purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed
as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement
as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For
the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form
of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering
of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) For
the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C,
each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration
statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of
and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement
made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or
deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will,
as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in
the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately
prior to such date of first use. F- 19 (4) For
the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant
pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if
the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant
will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any
preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424; (ii) Any
free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to
by an undersigned registrant; (iii) The
portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any
other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. F- 20 EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement*
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation*
3.2 | Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation*
3.3 | By Laws*
3.4 | Form of By Laws*
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate*
4.2 | Specimen common stock Certificate*
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate*
4.4 | Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant*
5.1 | Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP*
10.1 | Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and its officers and directors and Rodgers Capital LLC*
10.2 | Promissory Note, dated September 24, 2020, issued to Rodgers Capital, LLC*
10.3 | Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant*
10.4 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders*
10.5 | Form of Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and Rodgers Capital LLC*
10.6 | Form of Indemnity Agreement*
10.7 | Form of Administrative Support Agreement by and between the Registrant and ____________*
10.8 | Form of Subscription Agreement by and among the Registrant and Rodgers Capital, LLC
14 | Form of Code of Ethics*
23.1 | Consent of Marcum LLP
23.2 | Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)*
99.1 | Form of Audit Committee Charter*
99.2 | Form of Compensation Committee Charter*
99.3 | Form of Nominating Committee Charter*
99.4 | Consent of Lisan Hung*
99.5 | Consent of Steven J. Gomo *
99.6 | Consent of John D. McCranie *
99.7 | Consent of Joseph I. Malchow * *
To be filed by amendment SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the
12th day of November, 2020. RODGERS SILICON VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Thurman J. Rodgers
Thurman J. Rodgers, Chief Executive Officer POWER
OF ATTORNEY KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints TJ Rodgers his true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre- and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any subsequent
registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and pre- or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his
substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following
persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Thurman J. Rodgers | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman | November 12, 2020
Thurman J. Rodgers | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Emmanuel T. Hernandez | Chief Financial Officer | November 12, 2020
Emmanuel T. Hernandez | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)