false --12-31 0001093691 0001093691 2025-06-05 2025-06-05 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): June 5, 2025 Plug Power Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 1-34392 | 22-3672377
(State or other jurisdiction | (Commission File | (IRS Employer
of incorporation) | Number) | Identification No.) 125 Vista Boulevard Slingerlands , New York | 12159
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone
number, including area code: ( 518 ) 782-7700 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General
Instruction A.2. below): ¨ Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) x Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share | PLUG | The Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth
company ¨ If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On
June 5, 2025, Plug Power Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”)
with Andrew J. Marsh, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to which it issued and sold
one (1) share of the Company’s newly designated Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Series F
Mirroring Preferred Stock”), to such Purchaser for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000. The share of the Series F Mirroring
Preferred Stock was issued for the sole limited purpose of obtaining the requisite vote of stockholders in connection with the
proposal to amend the Company’s charter to, at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”),
effect a reverse stock split with respect to the Company’s common stock (the “Reverse Stock Split”) at the next annual
meeting of the Company’s stockholders to be held on July 3, 2025 (the “2025 Annual Meeting”), as further described
in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties and agreements and obligations of the parties. The foregoing description of the material terms
of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase
Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The share of Series F Mirroring Preferred
Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities laws
of any state, and was offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year. On June 5, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation of the Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of Designation”) with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware to create a new class of Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designation designates one
(1) share of authorized preferred stock as Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designation provides that the
share of Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock will have 45,000,000,000 votes and will vote together with the outstanding shares of
the Company’s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to the Reverse Stock Split proposal to be presented at the
2025 Annual Meeting. The share of Series F Mirroring Preferred
Stock will be voted, without action by the holder, on the Reverse Stock Split proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock
are voted on such proposal. The Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock will serve to reflect the voting preference of the holders of
common stock that vote on the Reverse Stock Split proposal, whether for or against the proposal, and therefore will not override the stated
preference of the holders of common stock who vote their shares for or against the proposal. As an example, if the holders of 50.5% of
the common stock that vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting are voted for the Reverse Stock Split proposal, then 50.5% of the vote cast by the
holder of the Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock shall be cast for the Reverse Stock Split proposal. The Series F Mirroring
Preferred Stock otherwise has no other voting rights, including no right to vote in the election of the Company’s directors. The
Share of Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of
stock or other securities of the Company. The Company will redeem the Series F Mirroring
Preferred Stock promptly following the approval or rejection of the Reverse Stock Split proposal by its stockholders. Upon such redemption,
the Purchaser will receive consideration of $1,000 in cash. The foregoing description of the Certificate of
Designation does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Designation,
a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Important Additional Information and Where to Find It As referenced above, the Reverse Stock Split proposal will need to
be voted upon at the 2025 Annual Meeting and the Company filed a preliminary proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “Commission”) on May 30, 2025, and intends to subsequently mail or otherwise make available a definitive proxy statement
relating to, among other things, the Reverse Stock Split proposal. This communication does not contain all the information that should
be considered concerning the Reverse Stock Split proposal, and is not intended to form the basis of any voting decision, investment decision
or any other decision in respect of the Reverse Stock Split proposal. STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ARE ADVISED TO READ THE PRELIMINARY
PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT (WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE) THAT ARE FILED
OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT PROPOSAL, AS THESE MATERIALS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT PROPOSAL AND OTHER PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED FOR VOTE AT THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING. When available, the definitive
proxy statement and other relevant materials will be sent or made available to stockholders of the Company as of June 9, 2025, the
record date for the 2025 Annual Meeting. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the preliminary proxy statement and the definitive
proxy statement and other documents filed with the Commission, without charge, once available, at the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov.
Copies will also be available at no charge at the Company’s website at https://www.ir.plugpower.com/financials/sec-filings/default.aspx. Participants in the Solicitation The Company and its directors and executive officers may be deemed
participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Company’s stockholders with respect to the matters to be presented for vote
at the 2025 Annual Meeting, including the Reverse Stock Split proposal. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers
and a description of their interests in the Company is contained in the Company’s filings with the Commission, including in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto
on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2025, which was filed with the Commission and is available free of charge at
the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov, or on the Company’s website at https://www.ir.plugpower.com/financials/secfilings/default.aspx.
Additional information regarding the interests of such participants is contained in the preliminary proxy statement and will be contained
in the definitive proxy statement for the matters to be presented for vote at the 2025 Annual Meeting, including the Reverse Stock Split,
when available. In addition, we have engaged MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to assist in the solicitation of proxies. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
3.1 | Certificate of Designation of Series F Mirroring Preferred Stock dated June 5, 2025
10.1 | Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 5, 2025 between Plug Power Inc. and Andrew J. Marsh
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. PLUG POWER INC.
Date: June 6, 2025 | By: | /s/ Paul B. Middleton
Paul B. Middleton
Chief Financial Officer