false 0001093691 0001093691 2025-01-16 2025-01-16 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 16, 2025 Plug Power Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 1-34392 | 22-3672377
(State or other jurisdiction | (Commission File | (IRS Employer
of incorporation) | Number) | Identification No.) 125 Vista Boulevard , Slingerlands , New York | 12159
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone
number, including area code: ( 518 ) 782-7700 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction
A.2. below): ¨ Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share | PLUG | The Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth
company ¨ If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, FFB Note Purchase Agreement, and
FFB Promissory Note As previously disclosed, on May 14, 2024, the
U.S. Department of Energy (the “DOE”) issued a conditional commitment letter to Plug Power Inc. (the “Company”)
and Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC (the “Borrower”), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, for a loan guarantee
of up to $1.66 billion through the DOE’s Loan Programs Office (the “DOE Loan Program”) to finance the development, construction,
and ownership of up to six green hydrogen production facilities (each a “Facility” and, together, the “Facilities”). On January 16, 2025, (i) the Borrower, the DOE,
acting by and through the Secretary of Energy, and the Federal Financing Bank (the “FFB”) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement
(the “FFB Note Purchase Agreement”) in respect of which, among other things, the DOE provided a guarantee of (x) the Borrower’s
obligations to repay term loan borrowings and capitalized interest (such loans and capitalized interest, collectively, the “Guaranteed
Loan”) provided by the FFB to the Borrower and evidenced by an initial future advance promissory note (the “FFB Promissory
Note”) and (y) the Borrower’s other obligations owing to FFB in respect of the Guaranteed Loan and (ii) in connection and
concurrently therewith, the Borrower and Plug Power Limestone, LLC (the “Limestone Project Company”), a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan Guarantee Agreement (the “DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement”) with the DOE. The FFB Promissory Note provides for an initial
extension of the Guaranteed Loan, subject to the achievement of certain conditions, in an aggregate maximum principal amount of up to
$387,598,647.06 and an aggregate maximum amount of capitalized interest of up to $26,807,693.17 to finance the development, construction,
and ownership of a Facility in Young County, Texas (the “Limestone Project”) by the Limestone Project Company. The DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement provides for
a multi draw term loan facility (the “DOE Loan Facility”) by way of a series of advances under the Guaranteed Loan (each,
an “Advance”), each such Advance being subject to the achievement of certain conditions. Advances under the Guaranteed Loan
will be used to reimburse each Project Company (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement) for Eligible Project Cost
Reimbursement Amounts (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement) and pay for Eligible Project Costs (as such term is
defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement). The final scheduled maturity date for the DOE
Loan Facility is March 5, 2043. Interest and scheduled principal amortization payments on the Guaranteed Loan are payable quarterly, commencing
on June 5, 2028. Each Advance shall bear interest at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate at the time an Advance is made to the Borrower
plus 2%. The Borrower is obligated to reimburse the DOE
for any payments the DOE is required to make to the FFB in connection with the Guaranteed Loan. The Borrower’s reimbursement obligations
to the DOE under the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, together with all other obligations of the Borrower owing to the DOE, FFB and other
secured parties thereunder, are full recourse and secured by a lien on all real and personal property and intellectual property collateral
of the Borrower and each Project Company (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement). The approval and funding of any disbursements
of the Guaranteed Loan will be subject to the satisfaction of conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, evidence of satisfaction
of certain technical and performance related conditions precedent, adequate project funding, reports from certain technical consultants
and advisors, and the receipt of certain financial models demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the DOE Loan
Guarantee Agreement. The Company acts as guarantor in connection with
the Guaranteed Loan. Under the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, the Borrower
and the Company are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for loan facilities extended under the DOE Loan Program
including, among other things, covenants regarding (i) financial testing compliance, (ii) restrictions on operations and use, (iii) change
of control, (iv) project-related reporting and information requirements and (v) compliance with the requirements of applicable law and
the DOE Loan Program. In addition, the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement
contains certain representations and warranties customary for loan facilities extended under the DOE Loan Program including, among other
things, representations and warranties regarding: (i) the organization and existence of the Borrower and the Company, (ii) authority and
the absence of any conflicts, (iii) capitalization, (iv) solvency and (v) compliance with applicable law and the DOE Loan Program. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement. The foregoing descriptions of the FFB Note Purchase
Agreement, FFB Promissory Note, and DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement are not complete and qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of such agreements, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1-10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “Report”)
and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information contained in Item 1.01 of this
Report is incorporated into this Item 2.03. Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical
information contained herein, the matters set forth in this Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe
harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements about the Company’s expectation that the loan guarantee will support the construction of the Facilities; the ability
of the Company to satisfy the conditions under the loan guarantee and draw on the loan guarantee and the expectation that the Company
will benefit from the loan guarantee and expand its domestic manufacturing and hydrogen production capabilities. You are cautioned that
such statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results as such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Actual performance or results may differ materially from those expressed in these statements as a result of various factors, including,
but not limited to, the following: the risk that the Company’s ability to achieve its business objectives and to continue to meet
its obligations is dependent upon its ability to maintain a certain level of liquidity, which will depend in part on its ability to manage
its cash flows; the risk that the funding of its loan guarantee from the DOE may be delayed and the risk that the Company may not be able
to satisfy all of the technical, legal, environmental or financial conditions acceptable to the DOE to receive the full loan guarantee;
the risk that the Company may continue to incur losses and might never achieve or maintain profitability; the risk that the Company may
not be able to raise additional capital to fund its operations and such capital may not be available to the Company on favorable terms
or at all; the risk that the Company may not be able to expand its business or manage its future growth effectively; the risk that global
economic uncertainty, including inflationary pressures, fluctuating interest rates, currency fluctuations, increase in tariffs, and supply
chain disruptions, may adversely affect its operating results; the risk that the Company may not be able to obtain from its hydrogen suppliers
a sufficient supply of hydrogen at competitive prices or the risk that the Company may not be able to produce hydrogen internally at competitive
prices; the risk that delays in or not completing its product and project development goals may adversely affect its revenue and profitability;
the risk that its estimated future revenue may not be indicative of actual future revenue or profitability; the risk of elimination, reduction
of, or changes in qualifying criteria for government subsidies and economic incentives for alternative energy products, including the
Inflation Reduction Act and its qualification to utilize the PTC; and the risk that the Company may not be able to manufacture and market
products on a profitable and large-scale commercial basis. The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are also subject to additional risks, uncertainties, and factors, including those more fully described in the
Company’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including the Company’s
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. Further information on potential risks that could
affect actual results will be included in the subsequent periodic and current reports and other filings that the Company makes with the
SEC from time to time. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks and uncertainties
may emerge that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as
required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Title
10.1 | Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and among Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, the U.S. Department of Energy, and the Federal Financing Bank.
10.2 | Future Advance Promissory Note of Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, dated January 16, 2025.
10.3*# | Loan Guarantee Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, Plug Power Limestone, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) * | Portions of these exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because they are both (i) not material and (ii) contain the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. # | Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Plug Power Inc.
Date: January 23, 2025 | By: | /s/ Paul Middleton
Name: Paul Middleton
Title: Chief Financial Officer