S-3 1 d846968ds3.htm FORM S-3 Form S-3 As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2015. REGISTRATION NO. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware | 06-0853042
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3 Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Address,
Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Arthur A.
Bottone President and Chief Executive Officer FuelCell Energy, Inc. 3
Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Name,
Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Copies of
All Communications to: Richard A. Krantz, Esq. Robinson & Cole LLP 666 Third Avenue New
York, New York 10017 (212) 451-2900 Approximate
Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the
only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ¨ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D., or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become
effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | x
Non-accelerated filer | ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company | ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount To Be Registered(1) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit(2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price(2) | Amount of Registration Fee
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value | 14,644,352 shares | $1.445 | $21,161,089 | $2,459
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, to be issued upon exercise of a warrant | 2,000,000 shares | $1.445 | $2,890,000 | $336 (1) | Pursuant to Rule 416 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement shall also cover any additional shares of common stock by reason of any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization of similar transaction or to cover such additional shares as may hereinafter be offered or issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends, capitalizations or certain other capital adjustments, effected without the registrant’s receipt of consideration, which results in an increase in the number of outstanding shares of the registrant’s common stock. (2) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933 based upon the average of the high and low prices of the common stock of the Registrant as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market on January 7, 2015. The Registrant hereby amends
this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall become effective in accordance
with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THESE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY
STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. Subject to Completion, Dated January 9, 2015 FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. 14,644,352 Shares of Common Stock and Up To 2,000,000
Shares of Common Stock Issuable upon Exercise of a Warrant On July 30, 2014, we sold to NRG Energy Inc. (the “Purchaser”) 14,644,352 shares of our common stock for a purchase price of
$2.39 per share. In addition, we issued to the Purchaser a warrant to purchase, at a purchase price of $3.35 per share, up to 2,000,000 additional shares of our common stock. The warrant is exercisable until the earlier of (i) July 30,
2017, or (ii) a change of control (as defined in the warrant) of the Company. Under this prospectus, the Purchaser and any of its pledgees, donees, transferees or other successors-in-interest may offer and resell these shares of our common
stock for their own accounts. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of these shares by the selling shareholder. The
Purchaser may sell its shares from time to time at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. We have
agreed to bear all of the expenses in connection with the registration and sale of the shares, except for underwriting discounts and selling commissions. Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “FCEL.” The last reported sale price of our common stock on
the NASDAQ Global Market on January , 2015 was $ per share. Our
principal executive offices are located at 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06813, and our telephone number is (203) 825-6000. Investing in
our securities involves risks that are described in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 5 of this prospectus. Neither the
Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2015. TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 2
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 2
SUMMARY | 3
RISK FACTORS | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 15
SELLING SHAREHOLDER | 15
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 16
DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES | 17
LEGAL MATTERS | 17
EXPERTS | 17
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 18
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 18 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS When used in this report, the words “expects”, “anticipates”, “estimates”, “should”, “will”,
“could”, “would”, “may”, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements relate to the development and commercialization by FuelCell Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries
(“FuelCell Energy”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”) of fuel cell technology and products, future funding under government research and development contracts, the expected cost competitiveness of our
technology, and our ability to achieve our sales plans and cost reduction targets. These and other forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are subject to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, general risks associated with product development and manufacturing, changes in the utility regulatory environment, potential volatility of energy prices,
government appropriations, the ability of the government to terminate its development contracts at any time, rapid technological change, competition and changes in accounting policies or practices adopted voluntarily or as required by accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, as well as other risks contained under Item 1A — Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet
any of our development or commercialization schedules, that the government will appropriate the funds anticipated by us under our government contracts, that the government will not exercise its right to terminate any or all of our government
contracts, that any of our products or technology, once developed, will be commercially successful, or that we will be able to achieve any other result anticipated in any other forward-looking statement contained herein or therein. The
forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this prospectus. Except for ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to
release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statement to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission utilizing a continuous offering
process. Under this continuous offering process, the selling shareholder may, from time to time, sell the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities
that may be offered by the selling shareholder. Each time the selling shareholder sells securities, the selling shareholder is required to provide you with this prospectus and, in certain cases, a prospectus supplement containing more specific
information about the selling shareholder and the terms of the securities being offered. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this
prospectus and any prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in that prospectus supplement. You should carefully read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, including documents incorporated by reference herein, together
with the additional information described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.” 2 We have not authorized any dealer, salesman or other person to give any information or to make
any representation other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and the accompanying supplement to this prospectus. You must not rely upon any information or representation not contained or incorporated by reference in
this prospectus or the accompanying prospectus supplement. This prospectus and the accompanying supplement to this prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered
securities to which they relate, nor do this prospectus and the accompanying supplement to this prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make
such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement is accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front of the document
or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by reference, even though this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement is delivered or securities sold
on a later date. SUMMARY This summary highlights certain information about us, this offering and information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus and in the
documents we incorporate by reference. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in shares of our common stock. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and
should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information and financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this prospectus and incorporated by reference herein and therein. Before you decide to invest in shares of our common
stock, to fully understand this offering and its consequences to you, you should carefully read the entire prospectus carefully, including the risk factors beginning on page 5 of this prospectus, and the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. FuelCell Energy, Inc. Overview We are an
integrated fuel cell company with an expanding global presence on three continents. We design, manufacture, sell, install, operate and service ultra-clean, highly efficient stationary fuel cell power plants for distributed power generation. Our
power plants provide megawatt-class scalable on-site power and utility grid support, helping customers solve their energy, environmental and business challenges. Our plants are operating in more than 50 locations in nine countries on three
different continents and have generated more than three billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity, which is equivalent to powering more than 270,000 average size U.S. homes for one year. Our growing installed base and backlog exceeds 300 megawatts
(MW). We provide comprehensive turn-key power generation solutions to our customers, including power plant installations as well as power
plant operation and maintenance under multi-year service agreements. We target large-scale power users with our megawatt-class installations. As reference, one megawatt is adequate to power approximately 1,000 average sized US homes. Our
customer base includes utility companies, municipalities, universities, government entities and a variety of industrial and commercial enterprises. Our leading geographic markets are South Korea and the United States and we are pursuing expanding
opportunities in Asia, Europe, and Canada. Our value proposition provides highly efficient and environmentally friendly power generation
with easy-to-site stationary fuel cell power plants. The power plants are located in populated areas as they are virtually pollutant free, operate quietly and without vibrations, and have only minimal space requirements. Locating the power
generation near the point of use provides many advantages, including less reliance or even avoidance of the transmission grid, leading to enhanced energy security and power reliability. Our power plants provide electricity priced competitively
to grid-delivered electricity in certain high cost regions and our strategy is to continue to reduce costs, which is expected to lead to wider adoption. Our Advanced Technologies group is leveraging our commercial platform and expertise to develop new markets for our core technology. Our Direct
FuelCell ® (DFC ® ) power plants utilize carbonate fuel cell technology, which is a very versatile type of fuel cell
technology. Utilizing our core DFC plants, we have developed and are commercializing both a tri-generation distributed hydrogen configuration that generates electricity, heat and hydrogen for industrial or transportation uses, and carbon
capture for coal or gas-fired power plants. We also are developing and working towards commercializing solid oxide fuel cells (SOFC) for adjacent sub-megawatt applications to the markets for our megawatt-class DFC power plants as well as energy
storage applications. These applications could potentially establish large markets and are complementary to our core products, leverage our existing customer base, project development, sales and service expertise. 3 FuelCell Energy was founded in Connecticut in 1969 as an applied research organization, providing
contract research and development. The Company went public in 1992, raising capital to develop and commercialize fuel cells, and reincorporated in Delaware in 1999. We began selling stationary fuel cell power plants commercially in
2003. Today we develop turn-key distributed generation combined heat and power solutions for our customers and provide comprehensive service for the life of the asset. Our executive offices are located at 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06813. Our telephone number is (203) 825-6000. We
maintain a web site at the following Internet address: www.fuelcellenergy.com . The information on our web site is not part of this prospectus. As used in this prospectus, all degrees refer to Fahrenheit (F), and kilowatt and megawatt numbers designate nominal or rated capacity of the
referenced power plant. As used in this prospectus, “kilowatt” (kW) means 1,000 watts; “megawatt” (MW) means 1,000,000 watts; and “kilowatt hour” (kWh) is equal to 1 kW of power supplied to or taken from an electric
circuit steadily for one hour. All dollar amounts are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. The Offering Common stock offered | 14,644,352 shares and up to an additional 2,000,000 shares to be issued upon exercise of a warrant.
Common stock to be outstanding after this offering | 287,160,003 shares. (1)
Risk factors | Investment in the Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors described under the section entitled “Risk Factors”, as well as any other information in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement and any document incorporated herein by reference, before purchasing any of the shares offered hereby. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities.
Use of proceeds | The proceeds from the sale of the shares of our common stock being offered by the selling shareholder pursuant to this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, if applicable, net of any broker’s fee or commissions, will belong to the selling shareholder. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of these shares. See section entitled “Use of Proceeds”.
Plan of Distribution | The shares may be offered and sold from time to time by Purchaser, and any pledgees, donees, transferees or other successors-in-interest of the shares, through public or private transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. See section entitled “Plan of Distribution”.
NASDAQ Global Market symbol | FCEL (1) | The above outstanding share information is based upon shares of our common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2014. The above outstanding share information excludes the following: • | approximately 5,448,512 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of 64,020 shares of our 5% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock; • | 69,093 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series 1 preferred shares issued by FCE FuelCell Energy, Ltd., our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary (formerly known as FCE Canada, Inc.); • | 3,028,080 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding at October 31, 2014 under our equity plans; • | 7,540,082 shares of our common stock available as of October 31, 2014, for future issuance under our equity plans; • | 282,209 shares of our common stock available as of October 31, 2014 for future issuance under our employee stock purchase plan; and • | up to 5,750,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by the Purchaser. 4 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risk factors before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business,
financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. We have incurred losses and anticipate continued losses and negative cash flow. We have been transitioning from a research and development company to a commercial products manufacturer, and services provider and developer. As such, we
have not been profitable since our fiscal year ended October 31, 1997. We expect to continue to incur net losses and generate negative cash flows until we can produce sufficient revenues to cover our costs. We may never become profitable. Even
if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. For the reasons discussed in more detail below, there are substantial uncertainties associated with our achieving and sustaining profitability.
We have, from time to time, sought financing in the public markets in order to fund operations. Our future ability to obtain such financing, if required, could be impaired by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the price of our
common stock and general market conditions. Our cost reduction strategy may not succeed or may be significantly delayed, which may result in our
inability to deliver improved margins. Our cost reduction strategy is based on the assumption that continued increases in production will result
in economies of scale. In addition, our cost reduction strategy relies on advancements in our manufacturing process, global competitive sourcing, engineering design, reducing the cost of capital and technology improvements (including stack life and
projected power output). Failure to achieve our cost reduction targets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our products compete with products using other energy sources, and if the prices of the alternative sources are lower than energy sources used by our
products, sales of our products will be adversely affected. Volatility of electricity and fuel prices may impact sales of our products and services in the markets in which we compete. Our products can operate using a variety of fuels, including primarily natural gas and biogas and also methanol, diesel, coal gas, coal mine methane, and
propane. If these fuels are not readily available or if their prices increase such that electricity produced by our products costs more than electricity provided by other generation sources, our products would be less economically attractive to
potential customers. In addition, we have no control over the prices of several types of competitive energy sources such as oil, gas or coal as well as local utility electricity costs. Significant decreases (or short term increases) in the price of
these fuels or grid delivered prices for electricity could also have a material adverse effect on our business because other generation sources could be more economically attractive to consumers than our products. The reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives for alternative energy technologies, including our fuel cell power plants,
could reduce demand for our products and services, lead to a reduction in our revenues and adversely impact our operating results. We believe
that the near-term growth of alternative energy technologies, including our fuel cells, relies on the availability and size of government and economic incentives (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Federal investment tax credit, the incentive
programs in South Korea and state renewable portfolio standard programs). The U.S. Federal investment tax credit expires on December 31, 2016. Other government incentives expire, phase out over time, exhaust the allocated funding, or require
renewal by the applicable authority. In addition, these incentive programs could be challenged by utility companies, or be found to be unconstitutional, and/or could be reduced or discontinued for other reasons. The reduction, elimination, or
expiration of government subsidies and economic incentives may result in the diminished economic competitiveness of our power plants to our customers and could materially and adversely affect the growth of alternative energy technologies, including
our fuel cells, as well as our future operating results. Financial markets worldwide have experienced increased volatility and instability which
may have a material adverse impact on our Company, our customers and our suppliers. Financial market volatility can affect both the debt, equity
and project finance markets. This may impact the amount of financing available to all companies, including companies with substantially greater resources, better credit ratings and more successful operating histories than ours. It is impossible to
predict future financial market volatility and instability and the impact on our Company and it may have a materially adverse effect on us for a number of reasons, such as: • | The long term nature of our sales cycle can require long lead times between application design, order booking and product fulfillment. For this, we often require substantial cash down payments in advance of delivery. Our growth strategy assumes that financing will be available for the Company to finance working capital or for our customers to provide down payments and to pay for our products. Financial market issues may delay, cancel or restrict the construction budgets and funds available to the Company or our customers for the deployment of our products and services. 5 • | Projects using our products are, in part, financed by equity investors interested in tax benefits as well as by the commercial and governmental debt markets. The significant volatility in the U.S. and international stock markets since 2008 has caused significant uncertainty and may result in an increase in the return required by investors in relation to the risk of such projects. • | If we, our customers and suppliers cannot obtain financing under favorable terms, our business may be negatively impacted. Our contracted products may not convert to revenue, and our project pipeline may not convert to contracts, which may have a material adverse effect on
our revenue and cash flow. Some of the orders we accept from customers require certain conditions or contingencies (such as permitting,
interconnection or financing) to be satisfied, some of which are outside of our control. The time periods from receipt of a contract to installation may vary widely and are determined by a number of factors, including the terms of the customer
contract and the customer’s site requirements. This could have an adverse impact on our revenue and cash flow. We have signed product sales
contracts, engineering, procurement and construction contracts (EPC) and long-term service agreements with customers subject to contractual, technology and operating risks as well as market conditions that may affect our operating results. The Company applies the percentage of completion revenue recognition method to certain product sales contracts which are subject to estimates. On
a quarterly basis, the Company performs a review process to help ensure that total estimated contract costs include estimates of costs to complete that are based on the most recent available information. The percentage of completion for the customer
contracts based on this cost analysis is then applied to the total customer contract values to determine the total revenue to be recognized to date. We
have contracted under long-term service agreements with certain customers to provide service on our products over terms ranging from one to 20 years. Under the provisions of these contracts, we provide services to maintain, monitor, and repair
customer power plants to meet minimum operating levels. Pricing for service contracts is based upon estimates of future costs including future stack replacements. While we have conducted tests to determine the overall life of our products, we have
not run our products over their projected useful life prior to large-scale commercialization. As a result, we cannot be sure that our products will last to their expected useful life, which could result in warranty claims, performance penalties,
maintenance and stack replacement costs in excess of our estimates and losses on service contracts. We extend product warranties, which could
affect our operating results. We provide for a warranty of our products for a specific period of time against manufacturing or performance
defects. We accrue for warranty costs based on historical warranty claim experience, however actual future warranty expenses may be greater than we’ve assumed in our estimates. As a result, operating results could be negatively impacted should
there be product manufacturing or performance defects in excess of our estimates. Our products are complex and could contain defects and may not
operate at expected performance levels which could impact sales and market adoption of our products or result in claims against us. We develop
complex and evolving products. Our initial installations were demonstration power plants intended to test the technology in real-world applications. We learned extensively from these demonstration installations, enhancing the technology and
improving the operation of the power plants. Our first commercial Direct FuelCell power plant installation in 2003 had a rated power output of 250 kW and a three year stack life. Most of these 250 kW demonstration installations were terminated at
contract conclusion or earlier as the costs were too high to justify continuation and the customer’s power needs did not support a sub-megawatt-class power plant. Certain of these early product designs did not meet our expectations resulting in
mixed performance history, impacting the adoption rate of our products. Costs are lower for our newer megawatt-class plants compared to sub-megawatt plants due to scale. With the growing expertise gained from an expanding installed base, we continue
to advance the capabilities of the fuel cell stacks and are now producing stacks with a net rated power output of 350 kW and an expected five year life. We have limited field operating experience on our products, and despite experience gained from our growing installed base and testing performed by us, our
customers and our suppliers, issues may be found in existing or new products. This could result in a delay in recognition or loss of revenues, loss of market share or failure to achieve broad market acceptance. The occurrence of defects could also
cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair costs, could divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, and could harm our relationships with our customers. The occurrence of these problems
could result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products and would likely harm our business. Defects or performance problems with our products could result in financial or other damages to our customers. From time to time, we have been
involved in disputes regarding 6 product warranty issues. Although we seek to limit our liability, a product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming and could be costly to defend.
Our customers could also seek and obtain damages from us for their losses. We have reserved for potential damages related to performance problems, however actual results may be different than the assumptions used in our reserve calculations. We currently face and will continue to face significant competition. We compete on the basis of our products’ reliability, efficiency, environmental considerations and cost. Technological advances in alternative energy
products or improvements in the electric grid or other sources of power generation, or other fuel cell technologies may negatively affect the development or sale of some or all of our products or make our products non-competitive or obsolete prior
to commercialization or afterwards. Other companies, some of which have substantially greater resources than ours, are currently engaged in the development of products and technologies that are similar to, or may be competitive with, our products
and technologies. Several companies are involved in fuel cell development, although we believe we are the only domestic company engaged in significant
manufacturing and commercialization of carbonate fuel cells. Emerging fuel cell technologies (and companies developing them) include PEM stationary fuel cells (Ballard Power Systems, Inc.), phosphoric acid fuel cells (Doosan Fuel Cells America,
formerly ClearEdge Power) and solid oxide fuel cells (LG, GE and Bloom Energy). Each of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in our target markets. There are also other potential fuel cell competitors internationally that
could capture market share. Other than fuel cell developers, we must also compete with companies that manufacture more mature combustion-based equipment,
including various engines and turbines, and have well-established manufacturing, distribution, and operating and cost features. Electrical efficiency of these products can be competitive with our DFC Power Plants in certain applications. Significant
competition may also come from gas turbine companies. We have two large and influential stockholders, which may make it difficult for a third party
to acquire our common stock. POSCO Energy currently owns approximately 11 percent of our outstanding common stock and NRG Energy owns
approximately six percent of our outstanding common stock, which could make it difficult for a third party to acquire our common stock. POSCO Energy is also a licensee of our technology and purchaser of our products and NRG is a purchaser of our
products. Therefore, it may be in their interest to exert their substantial influence over matters concerning our overall strategy and technological and commercial development. We have limited experience manufacturing our products on a commercial basis, which may adversely affect our planned increases in production capacity and
our ability to satisfy customer requirements. Our first commercial power plant installation was in 2003 so we have limited experience
manufacturing our products on a commercial basis. With full utilization under its current configuration, our overall manufacturing process has a production capacity of 100 MW per year depending on product mix and other factors. We expect that we
will further increase our manufacturing capacity based on market demand. We cannot be sure that we will be able to achieve any planned increases in production capacity. Also, as we scale up our production capacity, we cannot be sure that unplanned
failures or other technical problems relating to the manufacturing process will not occur. Even if we are successful in achieving our planned increases
in production capacity, we cannot be sure that we will do so in time to satisfy the requirements of our customers. Our failure to develop advanced manufacturing capabilities and processes, or meet our cost goals, could have a material adverse effect
on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Unanticipated increases or decreases in business growth may result in
adverse financial consequences for us. If our business grows more quickly than we anticipate, our existing and planned manufacturing facilities
may become inadequate and we may need to seek out new or additional space, at considerable cost to us. If our business does not grow as quickly as we expect, our existing and planned manufacturing facilities would, in part, represent excess capacity
for which we may not recover the cost; in that circumstance, our revenues may be inadequate to support our committed costs and our planned growth, and our gross margins, and business strategy would be adversely affected. Our plans are dependent on market acceptance of our products. Our plans are dependent upon market acceptance of, as well as enhancements to, our products. Fuel cell systems represent an emerging market, and we cannot be
sure that potential customers will accept fuel cells as a replacement for traditional power sources. As is typical in a rapidly evolving industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products and services are subject to a high level
of uncertainty and risk. Since the distributed generation market is still evolving, it is difficult to predict with certainty the 7 size of the market and its growth rate. The development of a market for our products may be affected by many factors that are out of our control, including: • | the cost competitiveness of our fuel cell products, including availability and output expectations and total cost of ownership; • | the future costs of natural gas and other fuels used by our fuel cell products; • | customer reluctance to try a new product; • | the market for distributed generation; • | local permitting and environmental requirements; and • | the emergence of newer, more competitive technologies and products. If a sufficient market fails to develop
or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we may be unable to recover the losses we will have incurred in the development of our products and may never achieve profitability. As we continue to expand markets for our products, we intend to continue offering power production guarantees and other terms and conditions relating to our
products that will be acceptable to the marketplace, and continue to develop a service organization that will aid in servicing our products and obtain self-regulatory certifications, if available, with respect to our products. Failure to achieve any
of these objectives may also slow the development of a sufficient market for our products and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are substantially dependent on a concentrated number of customers and the loss of any one of these customers could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We contract with a concentrated number of customers for the sale of products and for research and
development contracts. This includes POSCO Energy, which is a related party and owns approximately 11 percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company. POSCO Energy accounted for 69 percent of the Company’s total revenues in fiscal year
2014. There can be no assurance that we will continue to achieve the current level of sales of our products to our largest customers. Even though our
customer base is expected to increase and our revenue streams to diversify, a substantial portion of net revenues could continue to depend on sales to a limited number of customers. Our agreements with these customers may be canceled if we fail to
meet certain product specifications or materially breach the agreements, and our customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of current agreements or renewals. The loss of, or a reduction in sales to, one or more of our larger customers could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill and other intangible assets, inventory or
project assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. We may be required to record a significant charge
to earnings in our financial statements should we determine that our goodwill, other intangible assets (i.e., in process research and development (“IPR&D”)) or project assets (property, plant and equipment) are impaired. Such a charge
might have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. As required by accounting rules, we review our goodwill for
impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit that has goodwill is less than its carrying value. Factors that may be
considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill might not be recoverable include a significant decline in projections of future cash flows and lower future growth rates in our industry. We review IPR&D for
impairment on a quarterly basis. If the technology has been determined to be abandoned or not recoverable, we would be required to impair the asset. We review inventory and project assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We consider a project commercially viable and recoverable if it is anticipated to be sellable for a profit once it is either fully developed or fully constructed. If our projects are not
considered commercially viable, we would be required to impair the respective project assets. Our Advanced Technologies contracts are subject to
the risk of termination by the contracting party and we may not realize the full amounts allocated under the contracts due to the lack of Congressional appropriations. 8 A portion of our fuel cell revenues have been derived from long-term cooperative agreements and other contracts
with the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Navy, and other U.S. Government agencies. These agreements are important to the continued development of our technology and our products. We also contract and partner with
private sector companies under certain Advanced Technology contracts to develop strategically important and complementary offerings. Generally, our
government research and development contracts are subject to the risk of termination at the convenience of the contracting agency. Furthermore, these contracts, irrespective of the amounts allocated by the contracting agency, are subject to annual
Congressional appropriations and the results of government or agency sponsored reviews and audits of our cost reduction projections and efforts. We can only receive funds under these contracts ultimately made available to us annually by Congress as
a result of the appropriations process. Accordingly, we cannot be sure whether we will receive the full amounts awarded under our government research and development or other contracts. Failure to receive the full amounts under any of our government
research and development contracts could materially and adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. A
negative government audit could result in an adverse adjustment of our revenue and costs and could result in civil and criminal penalties. Government agencies, such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a
contractor’s performance under its contracts, cost structure, and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards. If the agencies determine through these audits or reviews that we improperly allocated costs to specific contracts,
they will not reimburse us for these costs. Therefore, an audit could result in adjustments to our revenue and costs. Further, although we have internal
controls in place to oversee our government contracts, no assurance can be given that these controls are sufficient to prevent isolated violations of applicable laws, regulations and standards. If the agencies determine that we or one of our
subcontractors engaged in improper conduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, payments, fines, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the government, any of which could materially affect
our results of operations and financial condition. The U.S. government has certain rights relating to our intellectual property, including
restricting or taking title to certain patents. Many of our U.S. patents relating to our fuel cell technology are the result of government-funded
research and development programs. We own all patents resulting from research funded by our DOE contracts awarded to date. Under current regulations, patents resulting from research funded by government agencies other than the DOE are owned by us. Eight U.S. patents that we own have resulted from government-funded research and are subject to the risk of exercise of “march-in” rights by
the government. March-in rights refer to the right of the U.S. government or a government agency to exercise its non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable worldwide license to any technology developed under contracts funded by the government if the
contractor fails to continue to develop the technology. These “march-in” rights permit the U.S. government to take title to these patents and license the patented technology to third parties if the contractor fails to utilize the patents.
In addition, one of our DOE-funded research and development agreements also required us to agree that we will not provide to a foreign entity any fuel cell technology subject to that agreement unless the fuel cell technology will be substantially
manufactured in the U.S. We are classified for Government contracting as a “Large Business”, which could adversely affect our rights to
own future patents under DOE-funded contracts. We are classified as a “large business” under DOE contracts. This allows us to own the
patents that we develop under new DOE contracts if we obtain a waiver from DOE. A “large business” under applicable government regulations generally consists of more than 500 employees averaged over a one year period. We will not own
future patents we develop under new contracts, grants or cooperative agreements funded by the DOE, unless we obtain a patent waiver from the DOE. Should we not obtain a patent waiver and outright ownership, we would nevertheless retain exclusive
rights to any such patents, so long as we continue to commercialize the technology covered by the patents. Our future success and growth is
dependent on our market strategy. We cannot assure you that we will enter into partnerships that are consistent with, or sufficient to support,
our commercialization plans, and our growth strategy or that these relationships will be on terms favorable to us. Even if we enter into these types of relationships, we cannot assure you that the partners with which we form relationships will focus
adequate resources on selling our products or will be successful in selling them. Some of these arrangements have or will require that we grant exclusive rights to companies in defined territories. These exclusive arrangements could result in our
being unable to enter into other arrangements at a time when the partner with which we form a relationship is not successful in selling our products or has reduced its commitment to marketing our products. In addition, future arrangements may also
include the issuance of equity and warrants to purchase our equity, which may have an adverse effect on our stock price. To the extent we enter into partnerships or relationships, the failure of these partners to assist us with the deployment of our
products may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 9 We depend on third party suppliers for the development and supply of key raw materials and components for
our products. We use various raw materials and components to construct a fuel cell module, including nickel and stainless steel which are
critical to our manufacturing process. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the balance-of-plant components in our products. Suppliers must undergo a qualification process, which takes four to twelve months. We continually evaluate new
suppliers and we are currently qualifying several new suppliers. There are a limited number of suppliers for some of the key components of products. A supplier’s failure to develop and supply components in a timely manner, supply components
that meet our quality, quantity or cost requirements, technical specifications, or our inability to obtain alternative sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us could harm our ability to manufacture our Direct
FuelCell products. In addition, to the extent the processes that our suppliers use to manufacture components are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative suppliers. We do not know whether we will be able to maintain long-term supply relationships with our critical suppliers, or secure new long-term supply relationships,
or whether such relationships will be on terms that will allow us to achieve our objectives. Our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we fail to secure long-term relationships with entities that will
supply the required components for our Direct FuelCell products. We depend on our intellectual property, and our failure to protect that
intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Failure to protect our existing intellectual property rights may
result in the loss of our exclusivity or the right to use our technologies. If we do not adequately ensure our freedom to use certain technology, we may have to pay others for rights to use their intellectual property, pay damages for infringement
or misappropriation, or be enjoined from using such intellectual property. We rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law to protect our intellectual property. In addition, we have licensed our carbonate fuel cell manufacturing
intellectual property to POSCO Energy, and we depend on POSCO Energy to also protect our intellectual property rights as licensed. As of October 31, 2014, the Company, excluding its subsidiaries, had 89 current U.S. patents and 65 international
patents covering our fuel cell technology. The U.S. patents have an average remaining life of approximately 10.7 years. Our subsidiary, Versa, has 27 current U.S. patents and 52 international patents covering its SOFC technology, with an
average remaining U.S. patent life of approximately 9.4 years. In addition, our subsidiary, FuelCell Energy Solutions, GmbH, has 8 current U.S. patents and 136 international patents for carbonate fuel cell technology licensed from its co-owner,
Fraunhofer IKTS. Some of our intellectual property is not covered by any patent or patent application and includes trade secrets and other knowhow that
is not able to be patented, particularly as it relates to our manufacturing processes and engineering design. In addition, some of our intellectual property includes technologies and processes that may be similar to the patented technologies and
processes of third parties. If we are found to be infringing third-party patents, we do not know whether we will be able to obtain licenses to use such patents on acceptable terms, if at all. Our patent position is subject to complex factual and
legal issues that may give rise to uncertainty as to the validity, scope, and enforceability of a particular patent. We cannot assure you that any of the
U.S. or international patents owned by us or other patents that third parties license to us will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, rendered unenforceable or licensed to others, or any of our pending or future patent applications will be
issued with the breadth of claim coverage sought by us, if issued at all. In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in certain foreign countries. We also seek to protect our proprietary intellectual property, including intellectual property that may not be patented or able to be patented, in part by
confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors’ rights agreements with our subcontractors, vendors, suppliers, consultants, strategic partners and employees. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we
will have adequate remedies for any breach or that such persons or institutions will not assert rights to intellectual property arising out of these relationships. Certain of our intellectual property have been licensed to us on a non-exclusive
basis from third parties that may also license such intellectual property to others, including our competitors. If our licensors are found to be infringing third-party patents, we do not know whether we will be able to obtain licenses to use the
intellectual property licensed to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If necessary or desirable, we may seek extensions of existing licenses or further
licenses under the patents or other intellectual property rights of others. However, we can give no assurances that we will obtain such extensions or further licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to
obtain a license from a third party for intellectual property that we use at present could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of processes requiring the use of that
intellectual property. While we are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation, we could become subject to lawsuits in which it is
alleged that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others or commence lawsuits against others who we believe are infringing upon our rights. Our involvement in intellectual property litigation could result in significant expense to
us, adversely affecting the development of sales of the challenged product or intellectual property and diverting the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not that litigation is resolved in our favor. 10 Our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified management and technical
personnel. Our future success is substantially dependent on the continued services and on the performance of our executive officers and other key
management, engineering, scientific, manufacturing and operating personnel, particularly Arthur Bottone, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any executive officer, including Mr. Bottone, or other key management,
engineering, scientific, manufacturing and operating personnel, could materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to achieve our commercialization plans will also depend on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified management
and technical personnel. Recruiting personnel for the fuel cell industry is competitive. We do not know whether we will be able to attract or retain additional qualified management and technical personnel. Our inability to attract and retain
additional qualified management and technical personnel, or the departure of key employees, could materially and adversely affect our development and commercialization plans and, therefore, our business prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. Our management may be unable to manage rapid growth effectively. We may rapidly expand our manufacturing capabilities, accelerate the commercialization of our products and enter a period of rapid growth, which will place a
significant strain on our senior management team and our financial and other resources. Any expansion may expose us to increased competition, greater overhead, marketing and support costs and other risks associated with the commercialization of a
new product. Our ability to manage rapid growth effectively will require us to continue to improve our operations, to improve our financial and management information systems and to train, motivate and manage our employees. Difficulties in
effectively managing issues presented by such a rapid expansion could harm our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. We may be affected by environmental and other governmental regulation. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to, among other things, land use, safe working conditions, handling and
disposal of hazardous and potentially hazardous substances and emissions of pollutants into the atmosphere. In addition, it is possible that industry-specific laws and regulations will be adopted covering matters such as transmission scheduling,
distribution, and the characteristics and quality of our products, including installation and servicing. These regulations could limit the growth in the use of carbonate fuel cell products, decrease the acceptance of fuel cells as a commercial
product and increase our costs and, therefore, the price of our products. Accordingly, compliance with existing or future laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. Utility companies may resist the adoption of distributed generation and could impose customer fees or interconnection requirements on
our customers that could make our products less desirable. Investor-owned utilities may resist adoption of distributed generation fuel cell
plants as the power plants are disruptive to the utility business model that primarily utilizes large central generation power plants and associated transmission and distribution. On-site distributed generation that is on the customer-side of the
electric meter competes with the utility. Distributed generation on the utility-side of the meter generally has power output that is significantly less than central generation power plants and may be perceived by the utility as too small to
materially impact their business, limiting their interest. Additionally, perceived technology risk may limit utility interest in stationary fuel cell power plants. Utility companies commonly charge fees to larger, industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from
the electric grid for back up purposes. These fees could increase the cost to our customers of using our Direct FuelCell products and could make our products less desirable, thereby harming our business prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. Several U.S. states have created and adopted, or are in the process of creating, their own interconnection regulations covering both technical
and financial requirements for interconnection to utility grids. Depending on the complexities of the requirements, installation of our systems may become burdened with additional costs that might have a negative impact on our ability to sell
systems. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers has been working to create an interconnection standard addressing the technical requirements for distributed generation to interconnect to utility grids. Many parties are hopeful that
this standard will be adopted nationally to help reduce the barriers to deployment of distributed generation such as fuel cells; however this standard may not be adopted nationally thereby limiting the commercial prospects and profitability of our
fuel cell systems. We could be liable for environmental damages resulting from our research, development or manufacturing operations. 11 Our business exposes us to the risk of harmful substances escaping into the environment, resulting in personal
injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, and natural resource damage. Depending on the nature of the claim, our current insurance policies may not adequately reimburse us for costs incurred in settling environmental damage
claims, and in some instances, we may not be reimbursed at all. Our business is subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern environmental protection and human health and safety. We believe that our businesses are
operating in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws, however these laws and regulations have changed frequently in the past and it is reasonable to expect additional and more stringent changes in the future. Our operations may not comply with future laws and regulations and we may be required to make significant unanticipated capital and operating expenditures. If
we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, governmental authorities may seek to impose fines and penalties on us or to revoke or deny the issuance or renewal of operating permits and private parties may seek damages from
us. Under those circumstances, we might be required to curtail or cease operations, conduct site remediation or other corrective action, or pay substantial damage claims. Our products use inherently dangerous, flammable fuels, operate at high temperatures and use corrosive carbonate material, each of which could subject
our business to product liability claims. Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in products that use
hydrogen. Our products utilize fuels such as natural gas and convert these fuels internally to hydrogen that is used by our products to generate electricity. The fuels we use are combustible and may be toxic. In addition, our Direct FuelCell
products operate at high temperatures and use corrosive carbonate material, which could expose us to potential liability claims. Although we have incorporated a robust design and redundant safety features in our power plants and have established
comprehensive safety, maintenance, and training programs in place, follow third-party certification protocols, codes and standards, and do not store natural gas or hydrogen at our power plants, we cannot guarantee that there will not be accidents.
Any accidents involving our products or other hydrogen-using products could materially impede widespread market acceptance and demand for our products. In addition, we might be held responsible for damages beyond the scope of our insurance coverage.
We also cannot predict whether we will be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on acceptable terms. We are subject to risks inherent in
international operations. Since we market our products both inside and outside the U.S., our success depends in part on our ability to secure
international customers and our ability to manufacture products that meet foreign regulatory and commercial requirements in target markets. Sales to customers located outside the U.S. accounts for a significant portion of our consolidated revenue.
Sales to customers in South Korea represent the majority of our international sales. We have limited experience developing and manufacturing our products to comply with the commercial and legal requirements of international markets. In addition, we
are subject to tariff regulations and requirements for export licenses, particularly with respect to the export of some of our technologies. We face numerous challenges in our international expansion, including unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements, potential conflicts or disputes that countries may have to deal with, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, longer accounts receivable requirements and collections, difficulties in managing international operations, potentially
adverse tax consequences, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and the burdens of complying with a wide variety of international laws. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Although our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most countries in which we operate. As a
result, we are subject to currency translation and transaction risk. Joint ventures or other business arrangements with strategic partners outside of the United States have and are expected in the future to involve investments denominated in the
local currency. Changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar could affect our net sales and cost of sales and could result in exchange gains or losses. We cannot accurately predict the impact of future exchange rate
fluctuations on our results of operations. We could also expand our business into new and emerging markets, many of which have an uncertain regulatory
environment relating to currency policy. Conducting business in such markets could cause our exposure to changes in exchange rates to increase, due to the relatively high volatility associated with emerging market currencies and potentially longer
payment terms for our proceeds. Our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure is dependent on our credit profile with the banks that are willing and able to do business with us. Deterioration in our credit position or a significant tightening of
the credit market conditions could limit our ability to hedge our foreign currency exposure; and therefore, result in exchange gains or losses. We
depend on relationships with strategic partners, and the terms and enforceability of many of these relationships are not certain. We have entered
into relationships with strategic partners for design, product development, sale and service of our existing products, and products under development, some of which may not have been documented by a definitive agreement. The terms and conditions of
many of these agreements allow for termination by the partners. Termination of any of these agreements could adversely affect our 12 ability to design, develop and distribute these products to the marketplace. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully negotiate and execute definitive agreements with any of
these partners, and failure to do so may effectively terminate the relevant relationship. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal
controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which could harm our brand and operating results. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We have devoted significant
resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In addition, Section 404 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we assess, and that our auditors attest
to, the design and operating effectiveness of our controls over financial reporting. Our compliance with the annual internal control report requirement for each fiscal year will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting and data systems
and controls. Inferior internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. Our results of operations could vary as a result of methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies. The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations. Such methods,
estimates and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that could lead us to reevaluate our methods, estimates and judgments. As we gain experience in future periods, management will continue to reevaluate its estimates for contract margins, service agreements, loss reserves,
warranty, performance guarantees, liquidated damages and inventory reserves. Changes in those estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may also adopt changes required by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our stock price has been and could remain volatile. The market price for our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in response to market and
other factors, including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • | failure to meet commercialization milestones; • | variations in our quarterly operating results from the expectations of securities analysts or investors; • | downward revisions in securities analysts’ estimates or changes in general market conditions; • | changes in the securities analysts’ that cover us or failure to regularly publish reports; • | announcements of technological innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; • | announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; • | additions or departures of key personnel; • | investor perception of our industry or our prospects; • | insider selling or buying; • | demand for our common stock; and • | general technological or economic trends. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
their stock, many companies have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we became involved in securities class action litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and
resources and could harm our stock price, business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 13 Provisions of Delaware and Connecticut law and of our charter and by-laws and our outstanding securities
may make a takeover more difficult. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and in Delaware and Connecticut corporate law may
make it difficult and expensive for a third-party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by our management and board of directors. In addition, certain provisions of our Series 1 Preferred Shares and our
Series B preferred stock could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. Public stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to do so. These anti-takeover provisions
could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or change in our management and board of directors. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock could affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock, into the public market,
including shares of our common stock issued upon exercise of options, or perceptions that those sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital in the future. The rights of the Series 1 preferred shares and Series B preferred stock could negatively impact our cash flows and could dilute the ownership
interest of our stockholders. The terms of the Series 1 preferred shares issued by FCE FuelCell Energy, Ltd. (“FCE Ltd.”), our
wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary, provide rights to the holder, Enbridge Inc. (“Enbridge”), which could negatively impact us. The provisions
of the Series 1 Preferred Shares require that FCE Ltd. make annual payments totaling Cdn. $1,250,000, including (i) annual dividend payments of Cdn. $500,000 and (ii) annual return of capital payments of Cdn. $750,000.
These payments will end on December 31, 2020. Additional dividends accrue on cumulative unpaid dividends at a 1.25 percent quarterly rate, compounded quarterly, until payment thereof. On December 31, 2020 the amount of all accrued and
unpaid dividends on the Series 1 Preferred Shares of Cdn. $21.1 million and the balance of the principal redemption price of Cdn. $4.4 million shall be paid to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares. FCE Ltd. has the option of
making dividend payments in the form of common stock or cash under the Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions. We are also required to issue common stock
to the holder of the Series 1 preferred shares if and when the holder exercises its conversion rights. The number of shares of common stock that we may issue upon conversion could be significant and dilutive to our existing stockholders. For
example, assuming the holder of the Series 1 preferred shares exercises its conversion rights after July 31, 2020 and assuming our common stock price is $2.02 (our common stock closing price on October 31, 2014) and an exchange rate
of U.S. $1.00 to Cdn. $1.12 at the time of conversion, we would be required to issue approximately 2,069,405 shares of our common stock. The terms of the
Series B preferred stock also provide rights to their holders that could negatively impact us. Holders of the Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate of $50 per share per year, payable either in
cash or in shares of our common stock. To the extent the dividend is paid in shares, additional issuances could be dilutive to our existing stockholders and the sale of those shares could have a negative impact on the price of our common stock. A
share of our Series B preferred stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 85.1064 shares of our common stock (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $11.75 per share), plus cash in lieu of fractional
shares. Furthermore, the conversion rate applicable to the Series B preferred stock is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Exports of certain of our products are subject to various export control regulations and may require a license or permission from the U.S. Department of
State, the U.S. Department of Energy or other agencies. As an exporter, we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export
of products, services and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. We are subject to export control laws and regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulation “ITAR”, the
Export Administration Regulation “EAR”, and the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, which generally prohibit U.S. companies and their intermediaries from exporting certain products, importing materials or supplies, or
otherwise doing business with restricted countries, businesses or individuals, and require companies to maintain certain policies and procedures to ensure compliance. Under these laws and regulations, U.S. companies may be held liable for their
actions and actions taken by their strategic or local partners or representatives. If we, or our intermediaries, fail to comply with the requirements of these laws and regulations, or similar laws of other countries, governmental authorities in the
United States or elsewhere, as applicable, could seek to impose civil and/or criminal penalties, which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 We are also subject to registration under the U.S. State Department’s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls
(“DDTC”). Due to the nature of certain of our products and technology, we must obtain licenses or authorizations from various U.S. Government agencies such as DDTC or DOE, before we are permitted to sell such products or license such
technology outside of the U.S. We can give no assurance that we will continue to be successful in obtaining the necessary licenses or authorizations or that certain sales will not be prevented or delayed. Any significant impairment of our ability to
sell products or license technology outside of the U.S. could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. USE OF PROCEEDS The proceeds from the sale of the shares of our common stock being offered by the Purchaser pursuant to this prospectus and any prospectus
supplement, if applicable, net of any broker’s fee or commissions, will belong to the selling shareholder. Accordingly, we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of these shares. SELLING SHAREHOLDER NRG Energy Inc. (“NRG”), the selling shareholder, is offering 14,644,352 shares of our common stock for sale in this offering, plus
up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant. The selling shareholder will not own any shares of our common stock after this offering, assuming all shares registered hereunder are sold. Under the rules of the SEC,
beneficial ownership includes shares over which the indicated beneficial owner exercises voting or investment power. Beneficial ownership is determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities and includes any securities that grant the selling shareholder the right to acquire common stock within 60 days. We believe that the selling shareholder has sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. The shares may be sold by the selling shareholder, by those persons or
entities to whom it transfers, donates, devises, pledges or distributes its shares or by other successors in interest. The information regarding shares beneficially owned after this offering assumes the sale of all shares offered by the selling
shareholder. The selling shareholder may sell less than all of the shares offered Accordingly, we cannot estimate the number of shares the selling shareholder will sell under this prospectus. The selling shareholder has not held any position or office or had any other material relationship with us or any of our predecessors or
affiliates within the past three years, except pursuant to (i) the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2014, by which the selling shareholder acquired the shares covered by this Prospectus, and (ii) a Loan Agreement, dated
July 30, 2014, between NRG and a subsidiary of the Company by which NRG extended a $40 million revolving construction and term financing facility for the purpose of accelerating project development by us and our subsidiaries. As of the date
hereof, we have not drawn down any of this facility. In addition, the Securities Purchase Agreement provided NRG with the right to appoint a person to our Board of Directors. On September 24, 2014, we appointed Christopher S. Sotos,
NRG’s designee, to our Board of Directors. We agreed to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares. We have
also agreed to prepare and file all amendments and supplements necessary to keep the registration statement effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the selling shareholder may resell all the shares covered by the registration
statement without registration pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any successor rule thereto and (ii) the date on which the selling shareholder has sold all the shares
covered by the registration statement. 15 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Background We agreed, pursuant to a
Securities Purchase Agreement by and between NRG, the selling shareholder, and us, dated July 30, 2014, to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of our common stock that have been issued to the selling shareholder,
including the shares that may be issued upon exercise of a warrant. General The selling shareholder, which as used in this prospectus includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling the
shares of our common stock registered hereunder, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of the shares on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions.
These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. • | The selling shareholder may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of the shares: • | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; • | block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; • | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; • | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; • | privately negotiated transactions; • | short sales effected after the date the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part is declared effective by the SEC; • | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; • | agreement between broker-dealers and the selling shareholder to sell a specified number of the shares at a stipulated price per share; and • | a combination of any such methods of sale. The selling shareholder may, from time to time,
pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares owned by it and, if it defaults in the performance of its secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares, from time to time, under this prospectus,
or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act including the pledgee, transferee or other successors-in-interest as selling shareholders under this prospectus. The selling
shareholder also may transfer the shares in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors-in-interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. In connection with the sale of the shares, the selling shareholder may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling shareholder may also sell shares short and deliver shares to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge
the shares to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling shareholder may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities
that require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to
reflect such transaction). The aggregate proceeds to the selling shareholder from the sale of the shares offered by it will be the
purchase price of the shares less discounts or commissions, if any. The selling shareholder reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of shares to be made
directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering. The selling shareholder also may resell all or a
portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance on Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule. The selling shareholder and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the shares or interests therein may be
deemed “underwriters” within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit the selling shareholder earns on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions
under the Securities Act. If the selling shareholder is an “underwriter” within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act, it will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. We are not aware of
any underwriting plan or agreement, underwriters’ or dealers’ compensation, or passive market making or stabilizing transactions involving the purchase or distribution of the shares registered in this prospectus. 16 To the extent required, the shares to be sold, the name of the selling shareholder, the
respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealers or underwriters, any applicable commissions or any discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or a
post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus, or, if appropriate, a filing pursuant to the Exchange Act. In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the shares may be sold in these jurisdictions only through
registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied
with. We have advised the selling shareholder that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to
sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling shareholder and its affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to
the selling shareholder for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling shareholder may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against
certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. We have agreed to indemnify the selling shareholder, and the
selling shareholder has agreed to indemnify us, to the fullest extent permitted by law, against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this
prospectus. We have agreed with the selling shareholder to keep the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part
effective until the earlier of: • | such time as all of the shares covered by this prospectus have been disposed of pursuant to and in accordance with the registration statement, and • | the date on which the shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. We
have agreed to bear all of the expenses in connection with the registration and sale of the shares, except for underwriting discounts and selling commissions. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our by-laws provide for indemnification of our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or controlling persons of FuelCell pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation,
Bylaws or applicable law, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is therefore unenforceable. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the Shares offered hereby has been passed upon for us by Robinson & Cole LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of FuelCell Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries as of October 31, 2014 and 2013, and for each of the
years in the three-year period ended October 31, 2014, and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2014 have been incorporated by reference herein and in the
registration statement in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 17 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act with
respect to the Shares offered hereby. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. We have
omitted certain parts of the registration statement as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information about us and the Shares offered hereby, reference is made to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules
filed therewith. Statements contained in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract or any other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and each such statement is qualified in all
respects by reference to the full text of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed therewith may be inspected without charge at the
public reference room maintained by the SEC, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from such offices upon the payment of the fees prescribed by the SEC.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the public reference room. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. We are subject to the informational
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, therefore, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are available for
inspection and copying at the public reference room and web site of the SEC referred to above. Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market, and you may also inspect and copy our SEC filings at the offices of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. located at 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006. You should rely only on the information provided in this
prospectus and the registration statement. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. The Shares are not being offered in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this
prospectus is accurate only as of the dates of those documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information incorporated by reference that we filed with the SEC
prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference into this registration statement and prospectus the documents listed below,
and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 1.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014; 2. Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on
December 17 and 24, 2014; and 3. The description of our common stock set forth in our registration statement on Form 8-A, filed with
the SEC on June 6, 2000, including any amendments or reports filed for the purposes of updating this description. We will furnish
without charge to you, on written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference, including exhibits to these documents. You should direct any requests for documents to FuelCell Energy, Inc., Attention: Corporate
Secretary, 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06813, telephone: (203) 825-6000. 18 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth all expenses payable by the registrant, other than underwriting discounts, in connection with the offering of
the securities being registered. SEC Registration Fee | $ | 2,459
Accounting Fees and Expenses* | $ | 5,000
Legal Fees and Expenses* | $ | 10,000
Miscellaneous Expenses* | $ | 2,541
Total* | $ | 20,000 * | Estimated. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify any person, including an officer and
director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of such corporation),
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or
proceeding, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of such corporation, and, with respect to any criminal actions and proceedings, had no reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. A Delaware corporation may indemnify any person, including an officer or director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or contemplated action or suit by or in
the right of such corporation, under the same conditions, except that no indemnification is permitted without judicial approval if such person is adjudged to be liable to such corporation. Where an officer or director of a corporation is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above, or any claim, issue or matter herein, the corporation must indemnify such person against the expenses (including attorneys’ fees) which such officer
or director actually and reasonably incurred in connection therewith. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of our
directors will be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General
Corporation Law. Our by-laws provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. Item 16. Exhibits The following exhibits are included or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. | Description
4.1 | Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1999)
5.1 | Opinion of Robinson & Cole LLP
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2 | Consent of Robinson & Cole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereof) II - 1 Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities
offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the
“Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with
respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) above do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 and the
information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(“Exchange Act”) that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (a) | each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (b) | each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of
the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser,
if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
(i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities
provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II - 2 6. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (i) for purposes of determining any
liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of the registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to
Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the time it was declared effective; and (ii) for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities
Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 7. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under
the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of
the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be
the initial bona fide offering thereof. 8. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted
to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in
the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the
registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the
matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. II - 3 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Danbury, State of Connecticut, on January 9,
2015. FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.
By: | /s/ Michael S. Bishop
Michael S. Bishop
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Corporate Secretary Such person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Arthur A. Bottone and Michael S. Bishop, and
each of them, each of whom may act without joinder of the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power and substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to execute in the name and on behalf of such person any amendment or any post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement, and any registration statement relating to any offering made in connection with the offering covered by
this Registration Statement that is to be effective on filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done, as full and for all intents and purposes and he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated by Power of Attorney. SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Arthur A. Bottone
Arthur A. Bottone | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | January 9, 2015
/s/ Michael S. Bishop
Michael S. Bishop | Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) | January 9, 2015
/s/ Richard A. Bromley
Richard A. Bromley | Director | January 9, 2015
/s/ James Herbert England
James Herbert England | Director | January 9, 2015
/s/ William A. Lawson | Director | January 9, 2015
William A. Lawson
/s/ John A. Rolls | Director – Chairman of the Board | January 9, 2015
John A. Rolls II - 4 SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Christopher S. Sotos
Christopher S. Sotos | Director | January 9, 2015
/s/ Togo Dennis West, Jr.
Togo Dennis West, Jr. | Director | January 9, 2015 II - 5