S-3/A 1 d847089ds3a.htm FORM S-3 AMENDMENT NO.1 Form S-3 Amendment No.1 As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2015. REGISTRATION NO. 333-201427 UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 06-0853042 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification Number) 3 Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Arthur A. Bottone President and Chief Executive Officer FuelCell Energy, Inc. 3
Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Copies of All Communications to: Richard A. Krantz, Esq. Robinson & Cole LLP 666 Third Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 451-2900 | Peter J. Schaeffer, Esq. Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP 1133 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036-6710 (212) 336-2000 Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the
following box. ¨ If any of the securities being registered on this
form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following
box. x . If this form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities
Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become
effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | x
Non-accelerated filer | ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company | ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to Be Registered | Amount To Be Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price | Amount of Registration Fee
Debt Securities | $200,000,000(1)(2) | 100%(1)(2) | $200,000,000(3) | $23,240(7)
Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value(4)
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value(5)
Warrants(6)
Units
TOTAL | $23,240(7) (1) | There are being registered under this Registration Statement such indeterminate number of shares of common stock and preferred stock of the Registrant, and such indeterminate principal amount of debt securities of the Registrant, as shall have an aggregate initial offering price not to exceed $200,000,000. Any offering of debt securities by the Registrant denominated other than in U.S. dollars will be treated as the equivalent of U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate applicable to the purchase of such debt securities at the time of initial offering. If any debt securities are issued at an original issue discount by the Registrant, then the securities registered shall include such additional debt securities as may be necessary such that the aggregate initial public offering price of all securities issued pursuant to this Registration Statement will equal $200,000,000. Any securities registered under this Registration Statement may be sold separately or as units with other securities registered under this Registration Statement. The proposed maximum initial offering price per unit will be determined from time to time by the Registrant in connection with, and at the time of, the issuance by the Registrant of the securities registered under this Registration Statement. (2) | Not specified with respect to each class of securities to be registered by the Registrant pursuant to General Instruction II.D1 to Form S-3. (3) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933. No separate consideration will be received for any securities registered hereunder that are issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities, preferred stock or warrants registered hereunder. (4) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of preferred stock as may from time to time be issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or warrants registered hereunder, to the extent any such debt securities or warrants are, by their terms, convertible into or exercisable for preferred stock. (5) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of common stock as may from time to time be (i) issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock registered hereunder, to the extent any of such debt securities or shares of preferred stock are, by their terms, convertible into common stock, or (ii) issued upon exercise and settlement of any warrants. (6) | Including such indeterminate number of warrants as may from time to time be issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock registered hereunder, to the extent any of such debt securities or shares of preferred stock are, by their terms, convertible into warrants. (7) | Previously paid. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such
date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Explanatory Note The purpose of this Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (333-201427) is to update the section entitled “Incorporation by Reference” in the Prospectus and to file an updated Exhibit 5.1. No other changes have been made to Part I or, except as set forth
in Item 16 (Exhibits), Part II of the referenced Registration Statement. INCORPORATION BY
REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it, which means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information incorporated by reference that we
filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference into this registration statement and prospectus the
documents listed below, and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act: 1. | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014; 2. | Our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on February 12, 2015; 3. | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on December 17 and 24, 2014; and 4. | The description of our common stock set forth in our registration statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on June 6, 2000, including any amendments or reports filed for the purposes of updating this description. We will furnish without charge to you, on written or oral request, a
copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference, including exhibits to these documents. You should direct any requests for documents to FuelCell Energy, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury,
Connecticut 06813, telephone: (203) 825-6000. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth all expenses payable by us in connection with the offering of the securities being registered. All such expenses are being borne
by us. SEC Registration Fee | $ | 23,240
Accounting Fees and Expenses* | $ | 5,000
Legal Fees and Expenses* | $ | 10,000
Miscellaneous Expenses* | $ | 6,760
Total* | $ | 45,000 * | Estimated. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify any person, including an officer and
director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of such corporation),
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or
proceeding, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of such corporation, and, with respect to any criminal actions and proceedings, had no reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. A Delaware corporation may indemnify any person, including an officer or director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or contemplated action or suit by or in
the right of such corporation, under the same conditions, except that no indemnification is permitted without judicial approval if such person is adjudged to be liable to such corporation. Where an officer or director of a corporation is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above, or any claim, issue or matter herein, the corporation must indemnify such person against the expenses (including attorneys’ fees) which such officer
or director actually and reasonably incurred in connection therewith. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of our
directors will be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General
Corporation Law. Our by-laws provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. Item 16. Exhibits The following exhibits are included or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement*
4.1 | Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1999)
4.2 | Form of Senior Indenture**
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Indenture**
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Warrant Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Robinson & Cole LLP
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends**
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm**
23.2 | Consent of Robinson & Cole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this registration statement** * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. ** | Previously filed. II-1 Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: 1.
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) To
include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events
arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum
offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set
forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material
information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) above do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (a) | each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (b) | each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or II-2 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to
any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method
used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or
sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the
offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the
undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. 6. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (i) for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the
information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of the registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under
the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the time it was declared effective; and (ii) for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a
form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 7. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the
registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is
incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof. 8. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers
and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and
is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 9. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-3 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this amendment to the registration statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Danbury, State of Connecticut, on
February 13, 2015. FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.
By: | /s/ Michael S. Bishop
Michael S. Bishop
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Arthur A. Bottone Arthur A. Bottone | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | February 13, 2015
/s/ Michael S. Bishop Michael S. Bishop | Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) | February 13, 2015
/s/ Richard A. Bromley* Richard A. Bromley | Director | February 13, 2015
/s/ James Herbert England* James Herbert England | Director | February 13, 2015
/s/ William A. Lawson* William A. Lawson | Director | February 13, 2015
/s/ John A. Rolls* John A. Rolls | Director – Chairman of the Board | February 13, 2015
/s/ Christopher S. Sotos* Christopher S. Sotos | Director | February 13, 2015
/s/ Togo Dennis West, Jr.* Togo Dennis West, Jr. | Director | February 13, 2015 * by | Michael S. Bishop
Power of Attorney II-4 INDEX OF EXHIBITS Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement*
4.1 | Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1999)
4.2 | Form of Senior Indenture**
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Indenture**
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Warrant Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Robinson & Cole LLP
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends**
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm**
23.2 | Consent of Robinson & Cole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this registration statement)** * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. ** | Previously filed.