S-3 1 d550364ds3.htm FORM S-3 Form S-3 Table of Contents As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2013. REGISTRATION NO. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 06-0853042 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3 Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Arthur A. Bottone President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board FuelCell
Energy, Inc. 3 Great Pasture Road Danbury, Connecticut 06813 (203) 825-6000 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Copies of All Communications to: Richard A. Krantz, Esq. Robinson & Cole LLP 666 Third Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 451-2900 | Peter J. Schaeffer, Esq. Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP 1133 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036-6710 (212) 336-2000 Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans,
please check the following box. ¨ If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered in
connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. x . If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this
form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment to a
registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | x
Non-accelerated filer | ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company | ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to Be Registered | Amount To Be Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price | Amount of Registration Fee
Debt Securities | $150,000,000(1)(2) | 100%(1)(2) | $150,000,000(3) | $20,460
Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value(4)
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value(5)
Warrants(6)
TOTAL | $20,460 (1) | There are being registered under this Registration Statement such indeterminate number of shares of common stock and preferred stock of the Registrant, and such indeterminate principal amount of debt securities of the Registrant, as shall have an aggregate initial offering price not to exceed $150,000,000. Any offering of debt securities by the Registrant denominated other than in U.S. dollars will be treated as the equivalent of U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate applicable to the purchase of such debt securities at the time of initial offering. If any debt securities are issued at an original issue discount by the Registrant, then the securities registered shall include such additional debt securities as may be necessary such that the aggregate initial public offering price of all securities issued pursuant to this Registration Statement will equal $150,000,000. Any securities registered under this Registration Statement may be sold separately or as units with other securities registered under this Registration Statement. The proposed maximum initial offering price per unit will be determined from time to time by the Registrant in connection with, and at the time of, the issuance by the Registrant of the securities registered under this Registration Statement. (2) | Not specified with respect to each class of securities to be registered by the Registrant pursuant to General Instruction II.D1 to Form S-3. (3) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933. No separate consideration will be received for any securities registered hereunder that are issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock registered hereunder. (4) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of preferred stock as may from time to time be issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or warrants registered hereunder, to the extent any such debt securities or warrants are, by their terms, convertible into or exercisable for preferred stock. (5) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of common stock as may from time to time be (i) issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock registered hereunder, to the extent any of such debt securities or shares of preferred stock are, by their terms, convertible into common stock, or (ii) issued upon exercise and settlement of any warrants. (6) | Including such indeterminate number of warrants as may from time to time be issued upon exercise, conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock registered hereunder, to the extent any of such debt securities or shares of preferred stock are, by their terms, convertible into warrants. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THESE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY
STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED June 7, 2013 PROSPECTUS $150,000,000 Debt Securities Preferred Stock Warrants Common Stock We may from
time to time offer and sell any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, warrants and/or common stock described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. The aggregate initial offering price of all securities sold under this prospectus
will not exceed $150,000,000. The securities may be offered to or through underwriters, through agents or dealers, through
market sales directly to one or more purchasers or through a combination of such methods. See “Plan of Distribution.” This prospectus provides a general description of the securities we may offer. In certain cases, we specify in an accompanying prospectus
supplement the specific terms of the securities offered and the offering price and terms of an offering of the securities, including, but not limited to, the names of any underwriters, agents or dealers. The prospectus supplement may also add,
update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, if any, carefully before you invest in any securities. We will use the net proceeds received from the sale of the securities by the Company for general corporate purposes. Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “FCEL”. No public market currently exists for the other
securities offered hereby. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to any other listing on any securities exchange of the securities covered by the prospectus supplement. Our principal executive offices are located at 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06813, and our telephone number is
(203) 825-6000. Investing in our securities involves risks that are described in the “ Risk Factors ” section
beginning on page 3 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2013 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. | 1
RISK FACTORS | 3
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS | 17
USE OF PROCEEDS | 17
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 17
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 24
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 34
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 36
DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES | 38
LEGAL MATTERS | 38
EXPERTS | 38
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 38
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 38 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS When used in this prospectus, the words “expects”, “anticipates”, “estimates”, “should”, “will”,
“could”, “would”, “may”, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements relate to the development and commercialization of FuelCell Energy, Inc’s. and its subsidiaries
(“FuelCell Energy”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”) fuel cell technology and products, future funding under government research and development contracts, the expected cost competitiveness of our
technology, and our ability to achieve our sales plans and cost reduction targets. These and other forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are subject to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, general risks associated with product development and manufacturing, changes in the utility regulatory environment, potential volatility of energy prices,
government appropriations, the ability of the government to terminate its development contracts at any time, rapid technological change, and competition and changes in accounting policies or practices adopted voluntarily or as required by accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, as well as other risks contained under Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Factors That May Affect Future
Results” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2012. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet any of our development or commercialization schedules, that the government will appropriate the funds
anticipated by us under our government contracts, that the government will not exercise its right to terminate any or all of our government contracts, that any of our products or technology, once developed, will be commercially successful, or that
we will be able to achieve any other result anticipated in any other forward-looking statement contained herein. The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this prospectus. Except for ongoing obligations to disclose
material information under the federal securities laws, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statement to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events,
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of
$150,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities that we may offer. Each time we sell securities under this shelf registration, we will provide a prospectus supplement, if required, supplement that will contain
specific information about the terms of the offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and any prospectus
supplement, you should rely on the information in that prospectus supplement. You should carefully read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, including documents incorporated by reference herein, together with the additional
information described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.” We have not authorized any
dealer, salesman or other person to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any accompanying supplement to this prospectus. You must not rely upon any
information or representation not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. This prospectus and the accompanying supplement to this prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered securities to which they relate, nor do this prospectus and any accompanying supplement to this prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy
securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement is
accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front of the document or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by reference, even though this
prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement is delivered or securities sold on a later date. FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. Overview We are a leading integrated fuel cell company with a growing global presence. We design, manufacture, install, operate and service ultra-clean, efficient and reliable stationary fuel cell power plants for
distributed baseload power generation. Our power plants offer scalable on-site power and utility grid support, helping customers solve their energy, environmental and business challenges. Initially a research company, FuelCell Energy was founded in
Connecticut in 1969 and became a publicly traded company in 1992. We reincorporated in Delaware in 1999 and began selling commercialized fuel cell power plants in 2003. Our Company vision is to provide ultra-clean, highly efficient, reliable distributed generation baseload power at a cost per kilowatt hour that is less than the cost of grid-delivered electricity. Our
power plants provide electricity that is priced competitively to grid-delivered electricity in certain high cost regions and our strategy is to continue to reduce costs, which is expected to lead to wider adoption of our power plants. 1 Table of Contents With fully commercialized ultra-clean fuel cell power plants and decades of experience in
the industry, we are well positioned to grow our installed base of power plants. Our plants are operating in more than 50 locations worldwide and have generated more than 1.6 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity, which is equivalent to
powering more than 145,000 average size U.S. homes for one year. Our installed base and steadily growing backlog exceeds 300 megawatts (MW). Our customer base includes utility companies, municipalities, universities, government entities and businesses in a variety of commercial and industrial enterprises. Our leading geographic markets are
South Korea and the United States and we are pursuing expanding opportunities in Asia and Europe. Our
Direct FuelCell ® (DFC ® ) power plants use a variety of available fuels to produce electricity electrochemically – without combustion – in a process that is highly efficient, quiet
and produces virtually no pollutants. DFC power plants generate more power and fewer emissions for a given unit of fuel than combustion-based power generation of a similar size, making them economical and environmentally responsible power generation
solutions. In addition to electricity, our DFC power plants produce high quality heat that can be used for heating, cooling and other purposes; when used in Combined Heat and Power (CHP) configurations, system efficiencies can reach 90 percent.
Unlike solar and wind power, our DFC power plants operate continuously regardless of geography, weather or time of day. We
service two primary markets: ultra-clean power (fuel cells operating on clean natural gas) and renewable power (fuel cells operating on renewable biogas). Our strategy is to expand in the 11 distinct vertical submarkets we have identified and
further penetrate our key geographic markets while continuing to reduce product costs and expand our services business created by our increasing installed base of customers. The sale of higher volumes of our products will further reduce costs and
increase margins. Our executive offices are located at 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury, Connecticut 06813. Our telephone
number is (203) 825-6000. We maintain a web site at the following Internet address: www.fuelcellenergy.com . The information on our web site is not part of this prospectus. As used in this prospectus, all degrees refer to Fahrenheit (F), and kilowatt and megawatt numbers designate nominal or rated capacity
of the referenced power plant. As used in this prospectus, “kilowatt” (kW) means 1,000 watts; “megawatt” (MW) means 1,000,000 watts; and “kilowatt hour” (kWh) is equal to 1 kW of power supplied to or taken from an
electric circuit steadily for one hour. All dollar amounts are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risk factors before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. We have incurred losses and anticipate continued losses and negative cash flow. We have been transitioning from a contract research and development company to a commercial products developer, manufacturer and services provider. As such, we have not been profitable since our fiscal
year ended October 31, 1997. We expect to continue to incur net losses and generate negative cash flows until we can produce sufficient revenues to cover our costs. We may never become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be
unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. For the reasons discussed in more detail below, there are substantial uncertainties associated with our achieving and sustaining profitability. We have, from time to time, sought
financing in the public markets in order to fund operations. Our future ability to obtain such financing, if required, could be impaired by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the price of our common stock and general market
conditions. Our cost reduction strategy may not succeed or may be significantly delayed, which may result in our inability to deliver
improved margins. Our cost reduction strategy is based on the assumption that continued increases in production will result in
economies of scale. In addition, our cost reduction strategy relies on advancements in our manufacturing process, global competitive sourcing, engineering design and technology improvements (including stack life and projected power output). Failure
to achieve our cost reduction targets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our
products compete with products using other energy sources, and if the prices of the alternative sources are lower than energy sources used by our products, sales of our products will be adversely affected. Volatility of electricity and fuel prices
may impact sales of our products and services in the markets in which we compete. Our DFC Power Plants operate using a variety of
fuels, including natural gas, methanol, diesel, biogas, coal gas, coal mine methane, and propane. If these fuels are not readily available or if their prices increase such that electricity produced by our products costs more than electricity
provided by other generation sources, our products would be less economically attractive to potential customers. In addition, we have no control over the prices of several types of competitive energy sources such as oil, gas or coal as well as local
utility electricity costs. Significant decreases (or short term increases) in the price of these fuels or grid delivered prices for electricity could also have a material adverse effect on our business because other generation sources could be more
economically attractive to consumers than our products. The reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives
for alternative energy technologies, including our fuel cell power plants, could reduce demand for our products and services, lead to a reduction in our revenues and adversely impact our operating results. We believe that the near-term growth of alternative energy technologies, including our fuel cells, relies on the availability and size of government and
economic incentives (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Federal ITC, the incentive programs in South Korea and state RPS programs). Many of these government incentives expire, phase out over time, exhaust the allocated funding, or require
renewal by the applicable authority. In addition, these incentive programs could be challenged by utility companies, or for other reasons found to be unconstitutional, and/or could be reduced or discontinued for other reasons. The reduction,
elimination, or expiration of government subsidies and economic incentives may result in the diminished economic competitiveness of our power plants to our customers and could materially and adversely affect the growth of alternative energy
technologies, including our fuel cells, as well as our future operating results. 3 Table of Contents Financial markets worldwide have experienced increased volatility and instability which may have a
material adverse impact on our Company, our customers and our suppliers. Financial market volatility and instability affects both
debt and equity markets. This may impact the amount of financing available to all companies, including companies with substantially greater resources, better credit ratings and more successful operating histories than ours. It is impossible to
predict future financial market volatility and instability and the impact on our Company and it may have a materially adverse effect on us for a number of reasons, such as: • | The long term nature of our sales cycle often requires long lead times between order booking and product fulfillment. For this, we often require substantial cash down payments in advance of delivery. Our growth strategy assumes that financing will be available for our customers to provide for such down payments and to pay for our products. Financial market issues may delay, cancel or restrict the construction budgets and funds available to our customers that we expect to be the ultimate purchasers of our products and services. • | Projects using our products are, in part, financed by equity investors interested in tax benefits as well as by the commercial and governmental debt markets. The significant volatility in the U.S. and international stock markets since 2008 has caused significant uncertainty and may result in an increase in the return required by investors in relation to the risk of such projects. • | If we, or our customers and suppliers, cannot obtain financing under favorable terms, our business may be negatively impacted. We have signed product sales contracts, long-term service agreements and power purchase agreements with customers
subject to technology and operating risks as well as market conditions that may affect our operating results. The Company applies the
percentage of completion revenue recognition method to certain product sales contracts which are subject to estimates. On a quarterly basis, the Company performs a review process to help ensure that total estimated contract costs include estimates
of costs to complete that are based on the most recent available information. The percentage of completion for the customer contracts based on this cost analysis is then applied to the total customer contract values to determine the total revenue to
be recognized to date. We have contracted under long-term service agreements with certain customers to provide service on our products over
terms ranging from one to 20 years. Under the provisions of these contracts, we provide services to maintain, monitor, and repair customer power plants to meet minimum operating levels. Pricing for service contracts is based upon estimates of
future costs including future stack replacements. While we have conducted tests to determine the overall life of our products, we have not run our products over their projected useful life prior to large-scale commercialization. As a result, we
cannot be sure that our products will last to their expected useful life, which could result in warranty claims, performance penalties, maintenance and stack replacement costs in excess of our estimates and losses on service contracts. The Company has one customer who purchases power under a Power purchase agreement (“PPA”), whereby the customer agrees to purchase power from
our fuel cell power plants at negotiated rates. Electricity rates are generally a function of the customer’s current and future electricity pricing available from the grid. Should 4 Table of Contents electricity rates decrease or operating costs increase from our original estimates, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. We are not required to produce minimum amounts of power
under this PPA agreement. We provide termination rights by giving written notice to the customer, subject to certain exit costs. We
extend product warranties, which could affect our operating results. We warranty our products for a specific period of time against
manufacturing or performance defects. We accrue for warranty costs based on historical warranty claim experience, however actual future warranty expenses may be greater than we’ve assumed in our estimates. As a result, operating results could
be negatively impacted should there be product manufacturing or performance defects in excess of our estimates. Our products are
complex and could contain defects and may not operate at expected performance levels which could impact sales and market adoption of our products or result in claims against us. We develop complex and evolving products. Our initial installations were demonstration power plants intended to test the technology in real-world applications. We learned extensively from these
demonstration installations, enhancing the technology and improving the operation of the power plants. Our first commercial Direct FuelCell power plant installation in 2003 had a rated power output of 250 kW and a 3 year stack life. Most of these
250 kW installations were terminated at contract conclusion or earlier as the costs were too high to justify continuation and the customer’s power needs did not support a megawatt-class power plant. Certain of these early product designs did
not meet our expectations resulting in mixed performance history, impacting the adoption rate of our products. Costs are lower for our newer megawatt-class plants compared to sub-megawatt plants due to scale. With the growing expertise gained from
an expanding installed base, we continue to advance the capabilities of the fuel cell stacks and are now producing stacks with a rated power output of 350 kW and an expected five year life. We have limited field operating experience on our products, and despite experience gained from our growing installed base and testing performed by us, our customers and our suppliers, issues may be found
in existing or new products. This could result in a delay in recognition or loss of revenues, loss of market share or failure to achieve broad market acceptance. The occurrence of defects could also cause us to incur significant warranty, support
and repair costs, could divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, and could harm our relationships with our customers. The occurrence of these problems could result in the delay or loss of market
acceptance of our products and would likely harm our business. Defects or performance problems with our products could result in financial or other damages to our customers. From time to time, we have been involved in disputes regarding product
warranty issues. Although we seek to limit our liability, a product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming and could be costly to defend. Our customers could also seek and obtain damages from us for
their losses. We have reserved for potential damages related to performance problems, however actual results may be different than the assumptions used in our reserve calculations. We currently face and will continue to face significant competition. We compete on
the basis of our products’ reliability, efficiency, environmental considerations and cost. Technological advances in alternative energy products or improvements in the electric grid or other sources of power generation, or other fuel cell
technologies may negatively affect the development or sale of some or all of our products or make our products non-competitive or obsolete prior to commercialization or afterwards. Other companies, some of which have substantially greater resources
than ours, are currently engaged in the development of products and technologies that are similar to, or may be competitive with, our products and technologies. Several companies are involved in fuel cell development, although we believe we are the only domestic company engaged in significant manufacturing and commercialization of carbonate fuel cells. Emerging
fuel cell technologies (and companies developing them) include PEM fuel cells (Ballard Power Systems, Inc.), 5 Table of Contents phosphoric acid fuel cells (ClearEdge Power) and solid oxide fuel cells (LG, and Bloom Energy). Each of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in our target markets. There
are also other potential fuel cell competitors internationally that could capture market share. Other than fuel cell developers, we must also
compete with companies that manufacture more mature combustion-based equipment, including various engines and turbines, and have well-established manufacturing, distribution, and operating and cost features. Electrical efficiency of these products
can be competitive with our DFC Power Plants in certain applications. Significant competition may also come from gas turbine companies. We have a large and influential stockholder, which may make it difficult for a third party to acquire our common stock. POSCO currently owns approximately 16 percent of our outstanding common stock, which could make it difficult for a third party to acquire our common
stock. POSCO is also a licensee of our technology and purchaser of our products. Therefore, it may be in their interests to possess substantial influence over matters concerning our overall strategy and technological and commercial development. We have limited experience manufacturing our products on a commercial basis, which may adversely affect our planned increases in
production capacity and our ability to satisfy customer requirements. Our first commercial power plant installation was in 2003 so we
have limited experience manufacturing our products on a commercial basis. With full utilization under its current configuration, our overall manufacturing process has a production capacity of 90 MW per year depending on product mix and other
factors. We expect that we will further increase our manufacturing capacity based on market demand. We cannot be sure that we will be able to achieve any planned increases in production capacity. Also, as we scale up our production capacity, we
cannot be sure that unplanned failures or other technical problems relating to the manufacturing process will not occur. Even if we are
successful in achieving our planned increases in production capacity, we cannot be sure that we will do so in time to satisfy the requirements of our customers. Our failure to develop advanced manufacturing capabilities and processes, or meet our
cost goals, could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Unanticipated increases or decreases in business growth may result in adverse financial consequences for us. If our business grows more quickly than we anticipate, our existing and planned manufacturing facilities may become inadequate and we may need to seek
out new or additional space, at considerable cost to us. If our business does not grow as quickly as we expect, our existing and planned manufacturing facilities would, in part, represent excess capacity for which we may not recover the cost; in
that circumstance, our revenues may be inadequate to support our committed costs and our planned growth, and our gross margins, and business strategy would be adversely affected. Our plans are dependent on market acceptance of our products. Our plans are
dependent upon market acceptance of, as well as enhancements to, our products. Fuel cell systems represent an emerging market, and we cannot be sure that potential customers will accept fuel cells as a replacement for traditional power sources. As
is typical in a rapidly evolving industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products and services are subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. Since the distributed generation market is still evolving, it is difficult to
predict with certainty the size of the market and its growth rate. The development of a market for our products may be affected by many factors that are out of our control, including: • | the cost competitiveness of our fuel cell products including availability and output expectations and total cost of ownership; 6 Table of Contents • | the future costs of clean natural gas and other fuels used by our fuel cell products; • | customer reluctance to try a new product; • | the market for distributed generation; • | local permitting and environmental requirements; and • | the emergence of newer, more competitive technologies and products. If a sufficient market fails to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we may be unable to recover the losses we will have incurred in the development of our products and may never achieve
profitability. As we continue to expand markets for our products, we intend to continue offering power production guarantees and other terms
and conditions relating to our products that will be acceptable to the marketplace, and continue to develop a service organization that will aid in servicing our products and obtain self-regulatory certifications, if available, with respect to our
products. Failure to achieve any of these objectives may also slow the development of a sufficient market for our products and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are substantially dependent on a concentrated number of customers and the loss of any one of these customers could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. We contract with a concentrated number of customers for the sale of products
and for research and development contracts. This includes POSCO, which is a related party and owns approximately 16 percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company. There can be no assurance that we will continue to achieve the current level of sales of our products to our largest customers. Even though our customer base is expected to increase and our revenue
streams to diversify, a substantial portion of net revenues could continue to depend on sales to a limited number of customers. Our agreements with these customers may be cancelled if we fail to meet certain product specifications or materially
breach the agreements, and our customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of current agreements or renewals. The loss of, or a reduction in sales to, one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Our research and development contracts are subject to the risk of termination by the
contracting party and we may not realize the full amounts allocated under the contracts due to the lack of Congressional appropriations. A portion of our fuel cell revenues have been derived from long-term cooperative agreements and other contracts with the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Navy, and other
U.S. Government agencies. These agreements are important to the continued development of our technology and our products. Generally, our
government research and development contracts are subject to the risk of termination at the convenience of the contracting agency. Furthermore, these contracts, irrespective of the amounts allocated by the contracting agency, are subject to annual
Congressional appropriations and the results of government or agency sponsored reviews and audits of our cost reduction projections and efforts. We can only receive funds 7 Table of Contents under these contracts ultimately made available to us annually by Congress as a result of the appropriations process. Accordingly, we cannot be sure whether we will receive the full amounts
awarded under our government research and development or other contracts. Failure to receive the full amounts under any of our government research and development contracts could materially and adversely affect our business prospects, results of
operations and financial condition. A negative government audit could result in an adverse adjustment of our revenue and costs and
could result in civil and criminal penalties. Government agencies, such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency, routinely audit and
investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts, cost structure, and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards. If the agencies determine through these audits or reviews
that we improperly allocated costs to specific contracts, they will not reimburse us for these costs. Therefore, an audit could result in adjustments to our revenue and costs. Further, although we have internal controls in place to oversee our government contracts, no assurance can be given that these controls are sufficient to prevent isolated violations of applicable laws,
regulations and standards. If the agencies determine that we or one of our subcontractors engaged in improper conduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, payments, fines, and suspension or prohibition from
doing business with the government, any of which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. The U.S.
government has certain rights relating to our intellectual property, including restricting or taking title to certain patents. Many
of our U.S. patents relating to our fuel cell technology are the result of government-funded research and development programs. We own all patents resulting from research funded by our DOE contracts awarded to date, based on our “small
business” status when each contract was awarded. Under current regulations, patents resulting from research funded by government agencies other than the DOE are owned by us, whether or not we are a “small business.” Nine U.S. patents that we own have resulted from government-funded research and are subject to the risk of exercise of “march-in” rights by the
government. March-in rights refer to the right of the U.S. government or a government agency to exercise its non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable worldwide license to any technology developed under contracts funded by the government if the
contractor fails to continue to develop the technology. These “march-in” rights permit the U.S. government to take title to these patents and license the patented technology to third parties if the contractor fails to utilize the patents.
In addition, one of our DOE-funded research and development agreements also required us to agree that we will not provide to a foreign entity any fuel cell technology subject to that agreement unless the fuel cell technology will be substantially
manufactured in the U.S. We now qualify as a “Large Business”, which could adversely affect our rights to own future patents
under DOE-funded contracts. This year, we qualify as a “large business” under DOE contracts. This allows us to own the
patents that we develop under new DOE contracts if we obtain a waiver from DOE. A “large business” under applicable government regulations generally consists of more than 500 employees averaged over a one year period. We will no longer own
future patents we develop under new contracts, grants or cooperative agreements funded by the DOE, unless we obtain a patent waiver from the DOE. Should we not obtain a patent waiver and outright ownership, we would nevertheless retain exclusive
rights to any such patents, so long as we continue to commercialize the technology covered by the patents. 8 Table of Contents Our future success and growth is dependent on our market strategy. We cannot assure you that we will enter into partnerships that are consistent with, or sufficient to support, our commercialization plans, and our growth
strategy or that these relationships will be on terms favorable to us. Even if we enter into these types of relationships, we cannot assure you that the partners with which we form relationships will focus adequate resources on selling our products
or will be successful in selling them. Some of these arrangements have or will require that we grant exclusive rights to companies in defined territories. These exclusive arrangements could result in our being unable to enter into other arrangements
at a time when the partner with which we form a relationship is not successful in selling our products or has reduced its commitment to marketing our products. In addition, future arrangements may also include, the issuance of equity and warrants to
purchase our equity, which may have an adverse effect on our stock price. To the extent we enter into partnerships or relationships, the failure of these partners to assist us with the deployment of our products may adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. We depend on third party suppliers for the development and supply of key raw materials and
components for our products. We use various raw materials and components to construct a fuel cell module, including nickel and
stainless steel which are critical to our manufacturing process. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the balance-of-plant components in our products. Suppliers must undergo a qualification process, which takes four to twelve months. We
continually evaluate new suppliers and we are currently qualifying several new suppliers. There are a limited number of suppliers for some of the key components of products. A supplier’s failure to develop and supply components in a timely
manner, supply components that meet our quality, quantity or cost requirements, technical specifications, or our inability to obtain alternative sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us could harm our ability to
manufacture our Direct FuelCell products. In addition, to the extent the processes that our suppliers use to manufacture components are proprietary; we may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative suppliers. We do not know whether we will be able to maintain long-term supply relationships with our critical suppliers, or secure new long-term supply
relationships, or whether such relationships will be on terms that will allow us to achieve our objectives. Our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we fail to secure long-term relationships with
entities that will supply the required components for our Direct FuelCell products. We depend on our intellectual property, and our
failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Failure to protect our existing
intellectual property rights may result in the loss of our exclusivity or the right to use our technologies. If we do not adequately ensure our freedom to use certain technology, we may have to pay others for rights to use their intellectual
property, pay damages for infringement or misappropriation, or be enjoined from using such intellectual property. We rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law to protect our intellectual property. In addition, we have licensed much
of our intellectual property to carefully selected third parties, and we depend on those third parties to also protect our intellectual property rights. As of April 30, 2013, we had 116 current U.S. patents and 228 international patents
covering our fuel cell technology (including patents licensed to FCES). The U.S. patents have an average remaining life of approximately 10.7 years. Some of our intellectual property is not covered by any patent or patent application and includes trade secrets and other know-how that is not able to be patented, particularly as it relates to our
manufacturing processes and engineering design. In addition, some of our intellectual property includes technologies and processes that may be similar to the patented technologies and processes of third parties. If we are found to be infringing
third-party patents, we do not know whether we will be able to obtain licenses to use such patents on acceptable terms, if at all. Our patent position is subject to complex factual and legal issues that may give rise to uncertainty as to the
validity, scope, and enforceability of a particular patent. 9 Table of Contents We cannot assure you that any of the U.S. or international patents owned by us or other patents that third
parties license to us will not be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, rendered unenforceable or licensed to others, or any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued with the breadth of claim coverage sought by us, if issued at
all. In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in certain foreign countries. We also seek to protect our proprietary intellectual property, including intellectual property that may not be patented or able to be patented, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable,
inventors’ rights agreements with our subcontractors, vendors, suppliers, consultants, strategic partners and employees. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that
such persons or institutions will not assert rights to intellectual property arising out of these relationships. Certain of our intellectual property have been licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis from third parties that may also license such
intellectual property to others, including our competitors. If our licensors are found to be infringing third-party patents, we do not know whether we will be able to obtain licenses to use the intellectual property licensed to us on acceptable
terms, if at all. If necessary or desirable, we may seek extensions of existing licenses or further licenses under the patents or other
intellectual property rights of others. However, we can give no assurances that we will obtain such extensions or further licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. The failure to obtain a license from a third party
for intellectual property that we use at present could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of processes requiring the use of that intellectual property. While we are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation, we could become subject to lawsuits in which it is alleged that we have
infringed the intellectual property rights of others or commence lawsuits against others who we believe are infringing upon our rights. Our involvement in intellectual property litigation could result in significant expense to us, adversely
affecting the development of sales of the challenged product or intellectual property and diverting the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not that litigation is resolved in our favor. Our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified management and technical personnel. Our future success is substantially dependent on the continued services and on the performance of our executive officers and other key management,
engineering, scientific, manufacturing and operating personnel, particularly Arthur Bottone, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of any executive officer, including Mr. Bottone, or other key management, engineering,
scientific, manufacturing and operating personnel, could materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to achieve our commercialization plans will also depend on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified management and technical
personnel. Recruiting personnel for the fuel cell industry is competitive. We do not know whether we will be able to attract or retain additional qualified management and technical personnel. Our inability to attract and retain additional qualified
management and technical personnel, or the departure of key employees, could materially and adversely affect our development and commercialization plans and, therefore, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Our management may be unable to manage rapid growth effectively. We may rapidly expand our manufacturing capabilities, accelerate the commercialization of our products and enter a period of rapid growth, which will place a significant strain on our senior management
team and our 10 Table of Contents financial and other resources. Any expansion may expose us to increased competition, greater overhead, marketing and support costs and other risks associated with the commercialization of a new
product. Our ability to manage rapid growth effectively will require us to continue to improve our operations, to improve our financial and management information systems and to train, motivate and manage our employees. Difficulties in effectively
managing issues presented by such a rapid expansion could harm our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. We may be affected by environmental and other governmental regulation. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to, among other things, land use, safe working conditions, handling and disposal of hazardous and potentially hazardous
substances and emissions of pollutants into the atmosphere. In addition, it is possible that industry-specific laws and regulations will be adopted covering matters such as transmission scheduling, distribution, and the characteristics and quality
of our products, including installation and servicing. These regulations could limit the growth in the use of carbonate fuel cell products, decrease the acceptance of fuel cells as a commercial product and increase our costs and, therefore, the
price of our products. Accordingly, compliance with existing or future laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Utility companies may resist the adoption of distributed generation and could impose customer fees or interconnection requirements on our customers
that could make our products less desirable. Investor-owned utilities may resist adoption of distributed generation fuel cell plants
as the power plants are disruptive to the utility business model that primarily utilizes large central generation power plants and associated transmission and distribution. On-site distributed generation that is on the customer-side of the electric
meter competes with the utility. Distributed generation on the utility-side of the meter generally has power output that is significantly less than central generation power plants and may be perceived by the utility as too small to materially impact
their business, limiting their interest. Additionally, perceived technology risk may limit utility interest in stationary fuel cell power plants. Utility companies commonly charge fees to larger, industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back up purposes. These
fees could increase the cost to our customers of using our Direct FuelCell products and could make our products less desirable, thereby harming our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Several U.S. states have created and adopted, or are in the process of creating, their own interconnection regulations covering both technical and
financial requirements for interconnection to utility grids. Depending on the complexities of the requirements, installation of our systems may become burdened with additional costs that might have a negative impact on our ability to sell systems.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers has been working to create an interconnection standard addressing the technical requirements for distributed generation to interconnect to utility grids. Many parties are hopeful that this
standard will be adopted nationally to help reduce the barriers to deployment of distributed generation such as fuel cells; however this standard may not be adopted nationally thereby limiting the commercial prospects and profitability of our fuel
cell systems. We could be liable for environmental damages resulting from our research, development or manufacturing operations. Our business exposes us to the risk of harmful substances escaping into the environment, resulting in personal injury or loss of
life, damage to or destruction of property, and natural resource damage. Depending on the nature of the claim, our current insurance policies may not adequately reimburse us for costs incurred in settling environmental damage claims, and in some
instances, we may not be reimbursed at all. Our business is subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern environmental protection and human 11 Table of Contents health and safety. We believe that our businesses are operating in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental laws, however these laws and regulations have changed
frequently in the past and it is reasonable to expect additional and more stringent changes in the future. Our operations may not comply with
future laws and regulations and we may be required to make significant unanticipated capital and operating expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, governmental authorities may seek to impose fines and
penalties on us or to revoke or deny the issuance or renewal of operating permits and private parties may seek damages from us. Under those circumstances, we might be required to curtail or cease operations, conduct site remediation or other
corrective action, or pay substantial damage claims. Our products use inherently dangerous, flammable fuels, operate at high
temperatures and use corrosive carbonate material, each of which could subject our business to product liability claims. Our business
exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in products that use hydrogen. Our products utilize fuels such as natural gas and convert these fuels internally to hydrogen that is used by our products to generate electricity. The
fuels we use are combustible and may be toxic. In addition, our Direct FuelCell products operate at high temperatures and use corrosive carbonate material, which could expose us to potential liability claims. Although we have incorporated a robust
design and redundant safety features in our power plants and have established and comprehensive safety, maintenance, and training programs in place, and follow third-party certification protocols, codes and standards, we cannot guarantee there will
not be accidents. Any accidents involving our products or other hydrogen-using products could materially impede widespread market acceptance and demand for our products. In addition, we might be held responsible for damages beyond the scope of our
insurance coverage. We also cannot predict whether we will be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on acceptable terms. We are
subject to risks inherent in international operations. Since we market our products both inside and outside the U.S., our success
depends in part, on our ability to secure international customers and our ability to manufacture products that meet foreign regulatory and commercial requirements in target markets. Sales to customers located outside the U.S. accounts for a
significant portion of our consolidated revenue. Sales to customers in South Korea represent the majority of our international sales. We have limited experience developing and manufacturing our products to comply with the commercial and legal
requirements of international markets. In addition, we are subject to tariff regulations and requirements for export licenses, particularly with respect to the export of some of our technologies. We face numerous challenges in our international
expansion, including unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, potential conflicts or disputes that countries may have to deal with, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, longer accounts receivable requirements and collections, difficulties
in managing international operations, potentially adverse tax consequences, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and the burdens of complying with a wide variety of international laws. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. Our stock price has been and could remain volatile. The market price for our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in response to market
and other factors, including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • | failure to meet commercialization milestones; 12 Table of Contents • | variations in our quarterly operating results from the expectations of securities analysts or investors; • | downward revisions in securities analysts’ estimates or changes in general market conditions; • | announcements of technological innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; • | announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; • | additions or departures of key personnel; • | investor perception of our industry or our prospects; • | insider selling or buying; • | demand for our common stock; and • | general technological or economic trends. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of their stock, many companies have been the subjects of securities class action litigation. If we became involved in securities class
action litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and resources and could harm our stock price, business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Provisions of Delaware and Connecticut law and of our charter and by-laws may make a takeover more difficult. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and in Delaware and Connecticut corporate law may make it difficult and expensive for a
third-party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by our management and board of directors. Public stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to do so.
These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or change in our management and board of directors. We depend on relationships with strategic partners, and the terms and enforceability of many of these relationships are not certain. We have entered into relationships with strategic partners for design, product development, sale and service of our existing products, and products under development, some of which may not have been
documented by a definitive agreement. The terms and conditions of many of these agreements allow for termination by the partners. Termination of any of these agreements could adversely affect our ability to design, develop and distribute these
products to the marketplace. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully negotiate and execute definitive agreements with any of these partners, and failure to do so may effectively terminate the relevant relationship. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock could affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock, into the public
market, including shares of our common stock issued upon exercise of options, or perceptions that those sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital in the future. 13 Table of Contents The rights of the Series 1 preferred shares and Series B preferred stock could negatively
impact our cash flows. The terms of the Series 1 preferred shares issued by FCE FuelCell Energy, Ltd. (“FCE Ltd.”),
our wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary, provide rights to the holder, Enbridge Inc. (“Enbridge”), which could negatively impact us. On March 31, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Enbridge to modify the provisions of the Class A Cumulative Redeemable
Exchangeable Preferred Shares (the “Series 1 Preferred Shares”) of FCE Ltd. Enbridge is the sole holder of the Series 1 Preferred Shares. Consistent with the previous Series 1 preferred share agreement FuelCell Energy, Inc.
continues to guarantee the return of principal and dividend obligations of FCE Ltd. to the Series 1 preferred shareholders under the modified agreement. Under the original Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions, FCE Ltd. was to make annual dividend payments totaling Cdn. $1,250,000. The modified terms of the Series 1 Preferred Shares adjust
these payments to (i) annual dividend payments of Cdn. $500,000 and (ii) annual return of capital payments of Cdn. $750,000. These payments commenced on March 31, 2011 and will end on December 31, 2020. Additional
dividends accrue on cumulative unpaid dividends at a 1.25 percent quarterly rate, compounded quarterly, until payment thereof. On December 31, 2020 the amount of all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 Preferred Shares of
Cdn. $21.1 million and the balance of the principal redemption price of Cdn. $4.4 million shall be paid to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares. FCE Ltd. has the option of making dividend payments in the form of common stock
or cash under the Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions. We are also required to issue common stock to the holder of the Series 1
preferred shares if and when the holder exercises its conversion rights. The number of shares of common stock that we may issue upon conversion could be significant and dilutive to our existing stockholders. For example, assuming the holder of the
Series 1 preferred shares exercises its conversion rights after July 31, 2020 and assuming our common stock price is $1.05 (our common stock closing price on April 30, 2013) and an exchange rate of Cdn. $1.00 to U.S.$1.00 at the time
of conversion, we would be required to issue approximately 4,455,932 shares of our common stock. The terms of the Series B preferred
stock also provide rights to their holders that could negatively impact us. Holders of the Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate of $50 per share per year, payable either in cash or in shares of our
common stock. To the extent the dividend is paid in shares, additional issuances could be dilutive to our existing stockholders and the sale of those shares could have a negative impact on the price of our common stock. A share of our Series B
preferred stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 85.1064 shares of our common stock (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $11.75 per share), plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. Furthermore, the
conversion rate applicable to the Series B preferred stock is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. If we
fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which could harm our brand and operating results. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We have devoted
significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In addition, Section 404 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we assess, and that our
auditors attest to, the design and operating effectiveness of our controls over financial reporting. Our compliance with the annual internal control report requirement for each fiscal year will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting
and data systems and controls. Inferior internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. 14 Table of Contents Our results of operations could vary as a result of methods, estimates and judgments we use in
applying our accounting policies. The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant
impact on our results of operations (see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Part II, Item 7). Such methods, estimates and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
and factors may arise over time that could lead us to reevaluate our methods, estimates and judgments. As we gain experience
in future periods, management will continue to reevaluate its estimates for contract margins, service agreements, loss reserves, warranty, performance guarantees, liquidated damages and inventory reserves. Changes in those estimates and judgments
could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may also adopt changes required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15 Table of Contents Risks Related to this Registration Management will have broad discretion as to the use of the proceeds of this registration. We have not designated the amount of net proceeds we will receive from this registration for any particular purpose. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion as to the application of these
net proceeds and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of this registration. Our stockholders may not agree with the manner in which our management chooses to allocate and spend the net proceeds. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock could affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock, into
the public market, including shares of our common stock issued upon exercise of options and warrants, or perceptions that those sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and our ability to raise
capital in the future. 16 Table of Contents RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS The ratio of our earnings to fixed charges are set forth below for each of the periods indicated. Six Months Ended April 30, | Fiscal Year Ended October 31,
2013(1) | 2012(2) | 2011 (2) | 2010 (2) | 2009 (2) | 2008 (2)
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preference dividends | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A (1) | For the six months ended April 30, 2013, our earnings were insufficient to cover fixed charges. The coverage deficiency was $20.6 million. (2) | For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, our earnings were insufficient to cover fixed charges. The coverage deficiencies were $34.2 million, $48.3 million, $55.6 million, $68.6 million and $92.9 million, respectively. For purposes of
calculating the ratios of earnings to fixed charges, (i) fixed charges consist of interest on debt, amortization of discount on debt, capitalized interest, and preferred dividends and (ii) earnings consist of pre-tax income from operations
and fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest) and include the amortization of capitalized interest. USE OF PROCEEDS Except as may be provided in an applicable prospectus supplement, we will use the net proceeds from
the sale of the debt securities, preferred stock, warrants and/or common stock for market and product development, project financing and general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include capital expenditures, repayment of debt,
payment of dividends and any other purposes that we may specify in any prospectus supplement. We may invest the net proceeds temporarily until we use them for their stated purpose. DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may from time to time offer and sell debt securities consisting of debentures, notes and/or other unsecured evidences of indebtedness (the “Debt Securities”). The following description of
Debt Securities will apply to the Debt Securities offered by this prospectus unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement for a particular series of Debt Securities may specify different
or additional terms. The Debt Securities will be either our unsecured senior debt securities (the “Senior Debt
Securities”) or our unsecured subordinated debt securities (the “Subordinated Debt Securities”). The Senior Debt Securities may be issued under an Indenture (the “Senior Indenture”) between us and a trustee that will be
identified in a prospectus supplement (the “Senior Trustee”). The Senior Debt Securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and will rank equally with all of our outstanding unsecured senior indebtedness. The Subordinated Debt
Securities may be issued under a second indenture (the “Subordinated Indenture”) between us and a trustee that will be identified in a prospectus supplement (the “Subordinated Trustee”), which may be the same as the Senior
Trustee. The Subordinated Debt Securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and, unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of Subordinated Debt Securities offered by such prospectus supplement,
will be subject to the subordination provisions set forth under the heading “Subordination of the Subordinated Debt Securities” below. The Senior Indenture and the Subordinated Indenture are together called the “Indentures” and
the Senior Trustee and the Subordinated Trustee are together called the “Trustee.” The following summary of certain
provisions of the Indentures is not complete. You should refer to the form of each Indenture, copies of which will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The following section describes certain general terms and provisions of the Debt Securities. The Debt Securities may be issued from time
to time in one or more series. The particular terms of each series of Debt Securities offered by any prospectus supplement will be described in that prospectus supplement. General. An Indenture will not limit the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities that we may issue. Each Indenture may provide that Debt Securities of any series may be issued under it up to
the aggregate principal amount authorized from time to time by 17 Table of Contents us and may be denominated in any currency or currency unit that we designate. We will determine the terms and conditions of each series of Debt Securities, including the maturity, principal and
interest, but those terms must be consistent with the Indenture. Unless set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, neither the Indentures nor the Debt Securities will limit or otherwise restrict the amount of other indebtedness that we may
incur or the other securities that we may issue. The prospectus supplement relating to each series of Debt Securities being
offered will specify the particular terms of those Debt Securities. The terms may include: • | the title of the Debt Securities and whether they are Senior Debt Securities or Subordinated Debt Securities; • | any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities; • | the priority of payment of the Debt Securities, including any subordination provisions; • | the price or prices (which may be expressed as a percentage of the aggregate principal amount thereof) at which the Debt Securities will be issued; • | the date or dates on which the principal and premium, if any, of the Debt Securities are payable; • | the interest rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) of the Debt Securities, if any; • | the interest payment date or dates, if any, or the method or methods by which such dates may be determined, if any, the date or dates on which payment of interest, if any, will commence, the date or dates from which interest will accrue and the regular record dates for such interest payment dates; • | the extent to which any of the Debt Securities will be issuable in temporary or permanent global form, or the manner in which any interest payable on a temporary or permanent Global Security (as defined herein) will be paid; • | each office or agency where, subject to the terms of the applicable Indenture, the Debt Securities may be presented for registration of transfer or exchange; • | the place or places where, subject to the terms of the applicable Indenture, the principal (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on the Debt Securities will be payable; • | the terms and conditions on which we may redeem any Debt Securities, if at all; • | any obligation to redeem or purchase any Debt Securities and the terms and conditions on which we must do so; • | the denomination or denominations in which the Debt Securities will be issuable if other than $1,000 and integral multiples thereof; • | the currency, currencies or units based on or related to currencies for which the Debt Securities may be purchased and the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of, premium, if any, and any interest on such Debt Securities may be payable; • | whether the Debt Securities will be convertible into shares of our common stock or preferred stock, or other securities or property, and, if so, the terms of such conversion; • | any index used to determine the amount of payments of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Debt Securities; • | the payment of any additional amounts with respect to the Debt Securities; • | whether any of the Debt Securities will be issued as Original Issue Discount Securities (as defined below) and the terms and provisions relating to these securities; • | information with respect to book-entry procedures relating to Global Securities, if any; • | if applicable, that the Debt Securities are defeasible; • | any additional covenants or Events of Default not set forth in the applicable Indenture or changes in the covenants or Events of Default set forth in the applicable Indenture; and • | any other terms of the Debt Securities not inconsistent with the provisions of the applicable Indenture. 18 Table of Contents Debt Securities may be issued as original issue discount Debt Securities (bearing no
interest or interest at a rate that at the time of issuance is below market rates) (“Original Issue Discount Securities”), to be sold at a substantial discount below their stated principal amount. There may not be any periodic payments of
interest on Original Issue Discount Securities. In the event of an acceleration of the maturity of any Original Issue Discount Security, the amount payable to the holder of such Original Issue Discount Security upon such acceleration will be set
forth in the prospectus supplement and determined in accordance with the terms of such security and the applicable Indenture, but will be an amount less than the amount payable at the maturity of the principal of such Original Issue Discount
Security. The federal income tax considerations with respect to Original Issue Discount Securities will be explained in the prospectus supplement we prepare for the Original Issue Discount Securities. Conversion and Exchange Rights. The prospectus supplement will describe, if applicable, the terms on which you may convert Debt
Securities into or exchange them for our common stock, our preferred stock or other securities or property. The conversion or exchange may be mandatory or may be at your option. We will describe how the number of shares of our common stock, our
preferred stock or other securities or property to be received upon conversion or exchange would be calculated. Form,
Exchange and Transfer. We will issue Debt Securities only in fully registered form, without coupons, and, unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, only in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples thereof. The holder of a Debt Security may elect, subject to the terms of the applicable Indenture and the limitations applicable to Global
Securities, to exchange them for other Debt Securities of the same series of any authorized denomination and of a like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Holders of Debt Securities may present them for exchange as provided above or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed, at the office of the
transfer agent we designate for the purpose. We will not impose a service charge for any registration of transfer or exchange of Debt Securities, but we may require a payment sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in
connection with the transfer exchange. We will name the transfer agent in the prospectus supplement. We may designate additional transfer agents or rescind the designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any
transfer agent acts, but we must maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the Debt Securities. If we redeem the
Debt Securities, we will not be required to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Debt Security during a specified period prior to mailing a notice of redemption. We are not required to register the transfer of or exchange any Debt
Security selected for redemption, except the unredeemed portion of the Debt Security being redeemed. Payment and Paying
Agents. Unless otherwise stated in the prospectus supplement, we will pay principal and any premium or interest on a Debt Security to the person in whose name the Debt Security is registered at the close of business on the regular record date
for such interest. Unless otherwise stated in the prospectus supplement, we will pay principal and any premium or interest on
the Debt Securities at the office of our designated paying agent, except we may pay interest by check mailed to the address of the person entitled to the payment. Unless we state otherwise in the prospectus supplement, the corporate trust office of
the Trustee will be the paying agent for the Debt Securities. Any other paying agents we designate for the Debt Securities of
a particular series will be named in the prospectus supplement. We may designate additional paying agents, rescind the designation of any paying agent or approve a change in the office through which any paying agent acts, but we must maintain a
paying agent in each place of payment for the Debt Securities. The paying agent will return to us all money we pay to it for
the payment of the principal, premium or interest on any Debt Security that remains unclaimed for a specified period. The holder thereafter may look only to us for payment. Global Securities. The Debt Securities of any series may be represented by one or more global securities (each, a “Global Security” and, together, the “Global Securities”) that
will have an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the Debt Securities of that series. Each Global Security will be registered in the name of a depositary identified in the prospectus supplement. We will deposit the Global Security with the
depositary or a custodian, and the Global Security will bear a legend regarding the restrictions on exchanges and registration of transfer. No Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Debt Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any person other than the
depositary or any nominee of the depositary unless (1) the 19 Table of Contents depositary has notified us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or (2) an event of default occurs and continues with respect to the Debt Securities. The depositary will
determine how all securities issued in exchange for a Global Security will be registered. As long as the depositary or its
nominee is the registered holder of a Global Security, the depositary or the nominee will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Global Security and the underlying Debt Securities. Except as stated above, owners of beneficial interests in a
Global Security will not be entitled to have the Global Security or any Debt Security registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of certificated Debt Securities and will not be considered to be the owners or holders of the Global
Security or underlying Debt Securities. We will make all payments of principal, premium and interest on a Global Security to the depositary or its nominee. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical
delivery of such securities in definitive form. These laws may prevent you from transferring your beneficial interests in a Global Security. Only institutions that have accounts with the depositary or its nominee and persons that hold beneficial interests through the depositary or its nominee may own beneficial interests in a Global Security.
The depositary will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amounts of Debt Securities represented by the Global Security to the accounts of its participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global
Security will be shown only on, and the transfer of those ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the depositary or any such participant. The policies and procedures of the depositary may govern payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to beneficial interests in a Global Security. We and the Trustee assume no responsibility
or liability for any aspect of the depositary’s or any participant’s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in a Global Security. The specific terms of the depositary arrangement with respect to any series of Debt Securities will be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets. Each Indenture may provide that we may, without the
consent of the holders of any of the Debt Securities outstanding under the applicable Indenture, consolidate with, merge into or transfer our assets substantially as an entirety to any person, provided that: • | any successor assumes our obligations on the applicable Debt Securities and under the applicable Indenture; • | after giving effect to the transaction, there is no Default or Event of Default that is continuing; and • | certain other conditions under the applicable Indenture are met. Accordingly, such consolidation, merger or transfer of assets substantially as an entirety, which meets the conditions described above,
would not create any Event of Default which would entitle holders of the Debt Securities, or the Trustee on their behalf, to take any of the actions described below under “Events of Default.” Leveraged and Other Transactions. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the Indentures and the Debt
Securities will not contain, among other things, provisions that would protect holders of the Debt Securities in the event of a highly leveraged or other transaction involving us that could adversely affect the holders of Debt Securities. Modification of the Indentures; Waiver. Each Indenture may provide that, with the consent of the holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debt Securities of each affected series, modifications and alterations of such Indenture may be made that affect the rights of the holders of such Debt Securities. However, no such
modification or alteration may be made without the consent of the holder of each Debt Security so affected which would, among other things: • | change the maturity of the principal of, or of any installment of interest (or premium, if any) on, any Debt Security issued pursuant to such Indenture; • | change the principal amount thereof, premium thereon, if any, or interest thereon; • | change the method of calculation of interest or the currency of payment of principal or interest (or premium, if any) thereon; • | reduce the minimum rate of interest thereon; • | impair the right to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with respect to any such Debt Security; 20 Table of Contents • | reduce the amount of principal of an Original Issue Discount Security that would be due and payable upon an acceleration of the maturity thereof; • | reduce the above-stated percentage in principal amount of outstanding Debt Securities of any series required to modify or alter such Indenture; • | in the case of Subordinated Debt Securities, modify the subordination provisions in a manner materially adverse to their holders; • | in the case of Debt Securities that are convertible or exchangeable into our other securities, adversely affect the right of holders to convert or exchange any of the Debt Securities; • | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding Debt Securities of any series necessary for waiver of compliance with certain provisions of an Indenture or for waiver of certain defaults; • | modify provisions with respect to modification and waiver; or • | change our obligation to maintain an office or agency as required by the applicable Indenture. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debt Securities of any series may waive, on behalf of the
holders of all Debt Securities of that series, our compliance with certain restrictive provisions of any Indenture. Prior to the acceleration of the maturity of the Debt Securities of any series outstanding under an Indenture, the holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debt Securities of any series may waive any past default under an Indenture with respect to Debt Securities of that series, except a default (1) in the payment of principal, premium or
interest on any Debt Security of that series or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision of an Indenture that cannot be amended without each holder’s consent. Except in certain limited circumstances, we may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding Debt Securities of any series entitled to give or take any direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other action under an Indenture. In certain limited circumstances, the Trustee may set a record date for action by holders. To be effective, the action must be taken by holders of the requisite principal amount of such
Debt Securities within a specified period following the record date. Events of Default. An Event of Default with
respect to the Debt Securities of any series may be defined in an applicable Indenture as: • | default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any Debt Security of that series when due, whether or not, in the case of Subordinated Debt Securities, such payment is prohibited by the Subordinated Indenture; • | default in the payment of interest on any Debt Security of that series when due, which continues for 30 days, whether or not, in the case of Subordinated Debt Securities, such payment is prohibited by the Subordinated Indenture; • | failure to deposit any sinking fund payment, when due, in respect of any Debt Security of that series, whether or not, in the case of Subordinated Debt Securities, such payment is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the Subordinated Indenture; • | default in the performance by us of any of our other covenants in the applicable Indenture with respect to the Debt Securities of such series, which continues for 90 days after written notice by the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of that series; • | certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization affecting us; and • | any other event that may be specified in a prospectus supplement with respect to any series of Debt Securities. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default relating to events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization) with respect to
any series of Debt Securities occurs and is continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of such series outstanding may declare the principal amount (or if such Debt Securities
are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) of all Debt Securities of that series to be immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default relating to events of
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Debt Securities of any series at the time outstanding shall occur, the principal amount of all the Debt Securities of that series (or, in the case of any such Original Issue Discount
Security, such specified amount) will automatically, and without any action by the applicable Trustee or any holder, become immediately due and payable. After any such acceleration, but before a judgment or decree based on acceleration, the holders
of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Debt Securities of that 21 Table of Contents series may, under certain circumstances, rescind and annul such acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal (or other specified amount), have been
cured or waived as provided in the applicable Indenture. For information as to waiver of defaults, see “Modification of the Indentures; Waiver.” If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, in its discretion, and at the written request of holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities
of any series, and upon reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request and subject to certain other conditions set forth in the applicable Indenture will, proceed to protect the rights
of the holders of all the Debt Securities of such series. The Indentures will provide that upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default relating to payments of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security, we will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the holder of any such Debt Security, the whole amount then due and payable on such
Debt Securities for principal, premium, if any, and interest. The Indentures will further provide that that if we fail to pay such amount upon such demand, the Trustee may, among other things, institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of
the amount due. No holder of a Debt Security of any series may institute any proceeding with respect to an Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or a trustee, or for other remedy, unless (1) the holder has previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing event of default, (2) the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Debt Securities of that series have made a written request, and the holders have offered reasonable indemnity to the Trustee to institute the proceeding, and (3) the Trustee has failed to institute the proceeding, and has not
received a direction inconsistent with the request within 60 days of such notice. The Indenture may also provide that, notwithstanding any other provision of the applicable Indenture, the holder of any Debt Security of any series will have the
right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Debt Securities when due and that such right will not be impaired without the consent of such holder. We are required to file annually with the applicable Trustee a written statement as to the existence or non-existence of defaults under
the Indentures or the Debt Securities. Subordination of the Subordinated Debt Securities. The Subordinated Debt
Securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and, unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of Subordinated Debt Securities offered by such prospectus supplement, will be subject to the
subordination provisions described in this section. Upon any distribution of our assets due to any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Subordinated Debt
Securities is to be subordinated in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness. In certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the payment of the principal of and interest on the Subordinated Debt Securities will, to the extent provided in a
Subordinated Indenture, also be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all General Obligations (as defined below). Upon any distribution of our assets due to any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, the holders of Senior Indebtedness
will first be entitled to receive payment in full of all amounts due or to become due before the holders of the Subordinated Debt Securities will be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Subordinated Debt Securities. If upon any such
payment or distribution of assets, after giving effect to such subordination provisions in favor of the holders of Senior Indebtedness, (i) there remain any amounts of cash, property or securities available for payment or distribution in
respect of the Subordinated Debt Securities (“Excess Proceeds”) and (ii) if, at such time, any creditors in respect of General Obligations have not received payment in full of all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of such
General Obligations, then such Excess Proceeds will first be applied to pay or provide for the payment in full of such General Obligations before any payment or distribution may be made in respect of the Subordinated Debt Securities. In addition, no payment may be made on the Subordinated Debt Securities, or in respect of any redemption, retirement, purchase or other
acquisition of any of the Subordinated Debt Securities, at any time in the event: • | there is a default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, interest on or otherwise in respect of any Senior Indebtedness; or • | any event of default with respect to any Senior Indebtedness has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of such payment on the Subordinated Debt Securities or any redemption, retirement, purchase or other acquisition of any of the Subordinated Debt Securities, permitting the holders of such Senior Indebtedness to accelerate the maturity thereof. Except as described above, our obligation to make payments of the principal of, premium, if any, or
interest on the Subordinated Debt Securities will not be affected. By reason of the subordination in favor of the holders of
Senior Indebtedness, in the event of a distribution of assets upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, our creditors who are not holders of Senior Indebtedness or the Subordinated Debt Securities may recover less,
proportionately, than holders of Senior Indebtedness and may recover more, proportionately, than holders of the Subordinated Debt Securities. 22 Table of Contents Subject to payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holders of Subordinated Debt
Securities will be subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to receive payments or distributions of cash, property or our securities applicable to Senior Indebtedness. Subject to payment in full of all General Obligations, the
holders of the Subordinated Debt Securities will be subrogated to the rights of the creditors in respect of General Obligations to receive payments or distributions of cash, property or our securities applicable to such creditors in respect of
General Obligations. “Senior Indebtedness” for purposes of a Subordinated Indenture is the principal of, premium,
if any, and interest on: • | all of our indebtedness for money borrowed (other than (i) the Subordinated Debt Securities and (ii) the Junior Subordinated Indebtedness (as defined below)) whether outstanding on the date of execution of the Subordinated Indenture or created, assumed or incurred after that date, except such indebtedness as is by its terms expressly stated to be not superior in right of payment to the Subordinated Debt Securities or to rank equally with the Subordinated Debt Securities; and • | any deferrals, renewals or extensions of any such Senior Indebtedness. The term “indebtedness for money borrowed” as used in this prospectus includes, without limitation, any obligation of, or any
obligation guaranteed by us for the repayment of borrowed money, whether or not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other written instruments, and any deferred obligation for the payment of the purchase price of property or assets. A
Subordinated Indenture would not limit our issuance of additional Senior Indebtedness. The Subordinated Debt Securities will
rank senior in right of payment to our Junior Subordinated Indebtedness upon any distribution of our assets due to any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, to the extent provided in the instruments creating our Junior Subordinated
Indebtedness. “Junior Subordinated Indebtedness” is the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on: • | all of our indebtedness for money borrowed whether outstanding on the date of the execution of a Subordinated Indenture or created, assumed or incurred after that date that is by its terms subordinated to the Subordinated Debt Securities; and • | any deferrals, renewals or extensions of any of such Junior Subordinated Indebtedness. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of Subordinated Debt Securities offered thereby,
the term “General Obligations” means all obligations to make payment on account of claims in respect of derivative products such as interest and foreign exchange rate contracts, commodity contracts and similar arrangements, other than: • | obligations on account of Senior Indebtedness; • | obligations on account of indebtedness for money borrowed ranking equal with or subordinate to the Subordinated Debt Securities; and • | obligations which by their terms are expressly stated not to be senior in right of payment to the Subordinated Debt Securities or to rank equally with the Subordinated Debt Securities. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement
relating to any series of Subordinated Debt Securities, payment of principal of the Subordinated Debt Securities may be accelerated only in case of the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of our company. Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. To the extent stated in the prospectus supplement, we may elect to apply the provisions
relating to defeasance and discharge of indebtedness, or to defeasance of certain restrictive covenants in the Indentures, to the Debt Securities of any series. 23 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK General The following
is a summary of the rights of our common stock and preferred stock and related provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. For more detailed information, please see our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended. Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 275,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, and 250,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, issuable in one or more series
designated by our board of directors, of which 105,875 shares of our preferred stock have been designated as 5% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (“Series B preferred stock”). On April 30, 2013,
191,936,178 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and 64,020 shares of our Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding. No other shares of our preferred stock are issued and outstanding. There are Series 1
preferred shares of our Canadian subsidiary, FuelCell Energy, Ltd., issued and outstanding and convertible into shares of FuelCell Energy, Inc. common stock. In addition, as of April 30, 2013, there were outstanding options to purchase 3,221,539 shares of our common stock under our equity incentive plans, 989,724 shares of our common stock were available
for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, and 666,365 shares of our common stock were available for future issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. In addition, as of April 30, 2013, we were obligated, if and when the holder
exercises its conversion rights, to issue approximately 14,625,730 shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Series 1 preferred shares. As of April 30, 2013, there were 544 holders of record of our common stock. Common Stock Voting Rights The holders of our common stock have one vote per share. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to vote cumulatively for the election of directors. Generally, all matters to be voted on by
shareholders must be approved by a majority, or, in the case of the election of directors, by a plurality, of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present by all shares of our common stock present in person or represented
by proxy, voting together as a single class, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any then outstanding preferred stock. Dividends Holders of our common stock will share
ratably in any dividends declared by the board of directors, subject to the preferential rights of any of our preferred stock then outstanding. Dividends consisting of shares of our common stock may be paid to holders of shares of our common stock. Other Rights In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of liabilities and liquidation preferences on any of our preferred stock then outstanding, the holders of shares of our common
stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets available for distribution. Holders of shares of our common stock have no preemptive rights or rights to convert their shares of our common stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. Preferred Stock This section describes the general terms of our preferred stock, $0.01 par value, to which any prospectus supplement may relate. Certain
terms of any series of our preferred stock offered by any prospectus supplement will be described in such prospectus supplement. If so indicated in the prospectus supplement, the terms of that series may differ from the terms described below. The
provisions of our preferred stock described below are not complete. You should refer to our certificate of incorporation and any certificate of amendment to our certificate of incorporation or certificate of designations filed with the SEC in
connection with the offering of our preferred stock. Under our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the
authority, without further shareholder action, to issue from time to time, preferred stock in one or more series and for such consideration as may be fixed from time to time by our board of directors. Our board also has the authority to fix and
determine, in the manner provided by law, the relative rights and preferences of the shares of any series so established, such as dividend and voting rights. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes 250,000 shares 24 Table of Contents of preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of each series of preferred stock, our board will adopt resolutions creating and designating the series as a series of preferred stock. The board of
directors may, without shareholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. Our preferred stock will have the dividend, liquidation, redemption, voting and conversion rights set forth below unless otherwise
specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. You should read the prospectus supplement relating to the particular series of preferred stock offered thereby for specific terms, including: • | the designation, stated value and liquidation preference of such preferred stock and the number of shares offered; • | the initial public offering price at which the preferred stock will be issued; • | the dividend rate or rates (or method of calculation), the dividend periods, the date on which dividends will be payable and whether such dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which dividends will begin to cumulate; • | any redemption or sinking fund provisions; • | any conversion provisions; and • | any additional rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the preferred stock. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the shares of each series of preferred
stock will upon issuance rank equally in all respects with each other then outstanding series of preferred stock. Preferred
stock could be issued quickly with terms that could delay or prevent a change of control or make the removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may decrease the market price of our common stock and may
adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. Ranking Any series of our preferred stock will, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding up or dissolution, rank: • | senior to all classes of our common stock and to all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that the equity securities will rank junior to that preferred stock; • | equally with all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that the equity securities will rank equally with that preferred stock; and • | junior to all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that the equity securities will rank senior to that preferred stock. Dividends The holders of our preferred stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, dividends at such
rates and on such dates as will be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Such rates may be fixed or variable or both. If variable, the formula used for determining the dividend rate for each dividend period will be specified in the
applicable prospectus supplement. Dividends will be payable to the holders of record as they appear on our stock books on such record dates as will be fixed by our board. Dividends may be paid in the form of cash, preferred stock (of the same or a
different series) or our common stock, in each case as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Dividends on any
series of our preferred stock may be cumulative or noncumulative, as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the dividends on a series of our preferred stock are noncumulative (“Noncumulative Preferred Stock”), and our board
of directors fails to declare a dividend payable on a dividend payment date, then the holders of such preferred stock will have no right to receive a dividend in respect to the dividend period relating to such dividend payment date, and we will not
be obligated to pay the dividend accrued for such period, whether or not dividends on such preferred stock are declared or paid on any future dividend payment dates. 25 Table of Contents We will not declare or pay or set apart for payment any dividends on any series of our
preferred stock that rank, as to dividends, on a parity with or junior to the outstanding preferred stock of any series unless (i) if such outstanding preferred stock has a cumulative dividend (“Cumulative Preferred Stock”), full
cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on such preferred stock for all dividend periods terminating on or prior to the date of
payment of any such dividends on such other series of the preferred stock or (ii) if such outstanding preferred stock is Noncumulative Preferred Stock, full dividends for the then-current dividend period on such preferred stock have been or
contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment. Until full dividends are paid (or declared and payment is set aside) on our preferred stock ranking equal as to dividends, then: • | we will declare any dividends pro rata among the preferred stock of each series and any preferred stock ranking equal to such preferred stock as to dividends (i.e., the dividends we declare per share on each series of such preferred stock will bear the same relationship to each other that the full accrued dividends per share on each such series of the preferred stock (which will not, if such preferred stock is Noncumulative Preferred Stock, include any accumulation in respect to unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods) bear to each other); • | other than such pro rata dividends, we will not declare or pay any dividends or declare or make any distributions upon any security ranking junior to or equal with the preferred stock as to dividends or upon liquidation (except dividends on common stock payable in common stock, dividends or distributions paid for with securities ranking junior to the preferred stock as to dividends and upon liquidation and cash in lieu of fractional shares in connection with such dividends); and • | we will not redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire (or set aside money for a sinking fund for) our common stock or any other securities ranking junior to or equal with the preferred stock as to dividends or upon liquidation (except by conversion into or exchange for stock junior to the preferred stock as to dividends and upon liquidation). We will not owe any interest, or any money in lieu of interest, on any dividend payment on any series of the preferred stock that may be
past due. Redemption A series of our preferred stock may be redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option, and may be subject to mandatory redemption pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise, in each case upon terms, at the
times and at the redemption prices specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Redeemed shares of our preferred stock will become authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. The prospectus supplement relating to a series of our preferred stock that is subject to mandatory redemption will specify the number of
shares of such preferred stock that we will redeem each year and the redemption price per share. If shares of our preferred stock are redeemed, we will pay all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (which will not, if such preferred stock is
Noncumulative Preferred Stock, include any accumulation in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods) up to but excluding the date of redemption. The redemption price may be payable in cash or other property, as specified in the
applicable prospectus supplement. If the redemption price for our preferred stock of any series is payable only from the net proceeds of the issuance of our capital stock, the terms of such preferred stock may provide that, if no such capital stock
will have been issued or to the extent the net proceeds from any issuance are insufficient to pay in full the aggregate redemption price then due, such preferred stock will automatically and mandatorily be converted into shares of our applicable
capital stock pursuant to conversion provisions specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. If fewer than all the
outstanding shares of our preferred stock of any series are to be redeemed, our board will determine the number of shares to be redeemed. We will redeem the shares pro rata from the holders of record of such shares in proportion to the number of
such shares held by such holders (with adjustments to avoid redemption of fractional shares) or by lot or by any other method as may be determined by our board. Even though the terms of a series of the Cumulative Preferred Stock may permit redemption of such preferred stock in whole or in part, if any dividends, including accumulated dividends, on that series are
past due: • | we will not redeem any preferred stock of that series unless we simultaneously redeem all outstanding preferred stock of that series; and • | we will not purchase or otherwise acquire any preferred stock of that series. 26 Table of Contents The prohibition discussed in the preceding sentence will not prohibit us from purchasing or
acquiring preferred stock of that series pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer if we make the offer on the same terms to all holders of that series. Conversion Rights The prospectus supplement relating to a series of
convertible preferred stock will describe the terms on which shares of such series are convertible into our common stock. Rights Upon Liquidation Unless the applicable prospectus supplement states otherwise, if we voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business, the holders of our preferred stock will be entitled to receive
out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to such preferred stock upon liquidation, liquidating
distributions in the amount of the liquidation preference of such preferred stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends (which will not, if such preferred stock is Noncumulative Preferred Stock, include any accumulation in respect of unpaid dividends
for prior dividend periods). If we voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business and the amounts payable with respect to our preferred stock of any series and any of our other securities ranking equal as to any such
distribution are not paid in full, the holders of such preferred stock and of such other shares will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full respective preferential amounts to which they are entitled. After
payment of the full amount of the liquidating distribution to which they are entitled, the holders of our preferred stock of any series will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of our assets. Voting Rights Except as described in this section or in the applicable prospectus supplement, or except as expressly required by applicable law, the holders of our preferred stock will not be entitled to vote. If the
holders of a series of our preferred stock are entitled to vote and the applicable prospectus supplement does not state otherwise, each such share will be entitled to one vote on matters on which holders of such series of preferred stock are
entitled to vote. For any series of our preferred stock having one vote per share, the voting power of such series, on matters on which holders of such series and holders of other series of our preferred stock are entitled to vote as a single class,
will depend on the number of shares in such series, not the aggregate stated value, liquidation preference or initial offering price of the shares of such series of preferred stock. Unless we receive the consent of the holders of an outstanding series of preferred stock and the outstanding shares of all other series
of preferred stock which (i) rank equal with such series either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business and (ii) have voting rights that are exercisable and that are similar
to those of such series, we will not: • | authorize, create or issue, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of stock ranking prior to such outstanding preferred stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business; or • | amend, alter or repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, the provisions of our certificate or of the resolutions contained in any certificate of designations creating such series of preferred stock so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference privilege or voting power of such outstanding preferred stock. This consent must be given by the holders of a majority of all such outstanding preferred stock described in the preceding sentence,
voting together as a single class. We will not be required to obtain this consent with respect to the actions listed in the second bullet point above, however, if we only (i) increase the amount of the authorized preferred stock,
(ii) create and issue another series of preferred stock, or (iii) increase the amount of authorized shares of any series of preferred stock, if such preferred stock in each case ranks equal with or junior to the preferred stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business. Series B Preferred Stock On November 11, 2004, we entered into a purchase agreement with Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBC Capital Markets Corporation, Adams Harkness, Inc., and Lazard Freres & Co., LLC (the
“Initial Purchasers”) for the private placement under Rule 144A of up to 135,000 shares of our 5% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (Liquidation Preference $1,000). On November 17, 2004 and
January 25, 2005, we closed on the sale of 100,000 shares and 5,875 shares, respectively, of Series B preferred stock to the Initial Purchasers. 27 Table of Contents At April 30, 2013, there were 250,000 preferred shares authorized of which 64,020
Series B preferred shares were issued and outstanding. The following is a summary of certain provisions of our
Series B preferred stock. The resale of the shares of our Series B preferred stock and the resale of the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of our Series B preferred stock are covered by a registration
rights agreement. Ranking Shares of our Series B preferred stock rank with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, winding up or dissolution: • | senior to shares of our common stock; • | junior to our debt obligations; and • | effectively junior to our subsidiaries’ (i) existing and future liabilities and (ii) capital stock held by others. Dividends The Series B preferred stock pays cumulative annual dividends of $50 per share which are payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, which
commenced on February 15, 2005, when, as and if declared by the board of directors. Dividends will be paid on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends on the shares of our Series B preferred stock will
accumulate and be cumulative from the date of original issuance. Accumulated dividends on the shares of our Series B preferred stock will not bear any interest. The dividend rate on the Series B preferred stock is subject to upward adjustment as set forth in the certificate of designation of the Series B preferred stock if we fail to pay, or to set
apart funds to pay, dividends on the shares of our Series B preferred stock for any quarterly dividend period. The dividend rate on the Series B preferred stock is also subject to upward adjustment as set forth in the registration rights
agreement entered into with the Initial Purchasers if we fail to satisfy our registration obligations with respect to the Series B preferred stock (or the underlying common shares) set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. No dividends or other distributions may be paid or set apart for payment upon our common shares (other than a dividend payable solely in
shares of a like or junior ranking) unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends have been paid or funds or shares of common stock therefore have been set aside for payment of accumulated and unpaid Series B preferred stock dividends. The dividend on the Series B preferred stock may be paid in cash; or at the option of the holder, in shares of our common stock, which
will be registered pursuant to a registration statement to allow for the immediate sale of these common shares in the public market. Dividends of $1.6 million were paid in cash for the six months ended April 30, 2013. $3.2 million were paid in
cash in each of the years ended October 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. There were no cumulative unpaid dividends at April 30, 2013 Liquidation The Series B preferred stock stockholders are entitled
to receive, in the event that we are liquidated, dissolved or wound up, whether voluntary or involuntary, $1,000 per share plus all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of that liquidation, dissolution, or winding up (“Liquidation
Preference”). Until the holders of Series B preferred stock receive their Liquidation Preference in full, no payment will be made on any junior shares, including shares of our common stock. After the Liquidation Preference is paid in full,
holders of the Series B preferred stock will not be entitled to receive any further distribution of our assets. At April 30, 2013 and October 31, 2012, the Series B preferred stock had a Liquidation Preference of $64.0 million. Conversion Rights Each Series B Preferred Stock share may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 85.1064 shares of our common stock (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of $11.75 per
share) plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, as described below, but will not be adjusted for accumulated and unpaid dividends. If converted, holders of Series B
Preferred Stock do not receive a cash payment for all accumulated and unpaid dividends; rather, all accumulated and unpaid dividends are cancelled. Beginning after November 20, 2009 we may, at our option, cause shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be automatically converted into that number of shares of our common stock that are issuable at the
then prevailing conversion rate. We may exercise our conversion right only if the closing price of our common stock exceeds 150 percent of the then prevailing conversion price ($11.75 at January 31, 2013) for 20 trading days during any
consecutive 30 trading day period, as described in the Certificate of Designation. 28 Table of Contents If holders of Series B Preferred Stock elect to convert their shares in connection with
certain fundamental changes (as described below and in the Certificate of Designation), we will in certain circumstances increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares of common stock upon conversion or, in lieu thereof, we may in
certain circumstances elect to adjust the conversion rate and related conversion obligation so that shares of our Series B Preferred Stock are converted into shares of the acquiring or surviving company, in each case as described in the Certificate
of Designation. The adjustment of the conversion price is to prevent dilution of the interests of the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock from the following: • | Issuances of common stock as a dividend or distribution to holders or our common stock; • | Common stock share splits or share combinations; • | Issuances to holders of our common stock of any rights, warrants or options to purchase our common stock for a period of less than 60 days; and • | Distributions of assets, evidences of indebtedness or other property to holders of our common stock. Redemption We do not have the option to redeem the shares of Series B Preferred Stock. However, holders of the Series B Preferred Stock can require us to redeem all or part of their shares at a redemption price
equal to the Liquidation Preference of the shares to be redeemed in the case of a “fundamental change.” A fundamental change will be deemed to have occurred if any of the following occurs: • | any “person” or “group” is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50 percent or more of the total voting power of all classes of our capital stock then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors; • | during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by our Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by our shareholders was approved by a vote of two-thirds of our directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election of nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of our directors then in office; • | the termination of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and such shares are not approved for trading or quoted on any other U.S. securities exchange; or • | we consolidate with or merge with or into another person or another person merges with or into us or the sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets and certain of our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person and, in the case of any such merger or consolidation, our securities that are outstanding immediately prior to such transaction and which represent 100 percent of the aggregate voting power of our voting stock are changed into or exchanged for cash, securities or property, unless pursuant to the transaction such securities are changed into securities of the surviving person that represent, immediately after such transaction, at least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the voting stock of the surviving person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock will not have the right to require us to redeem their shares
if: • | the last reported sale price of shares of our common stock for any five trading days within the 10 consecutive trading days ending immediately before the later of the fundamental change or its announcement equaled or exceeded 105 percent of the conversion price of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock immediately before the fundamental change or announcement; • | at least 90 percent of the consideration (excluding cash payments for fractional shares) and, in respect of dissenters’ appraisal rights, if the transaction constituting the fundamental change consists of shares of capital stock traded on a U.S. 29 Table of Contents national securities exchange, or which will be so traded or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with a fundamental change, and as a result of the transaction, shares of Series B Preferred Stock become convertible into such publicly traded securities; or • | in the case of fundamental change event in the fourth bullet above, the transaction is affected solely to change our jurisdiction of incorporation. We may, at our option, elect to pay the redemption price in cash or, in shares of our common
stock valued at a discount of 5 percent from the market price of shares of our common stock, or any combination thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may only pay such redemption price in shares of our common stock that are registered under the
Securities Act of 1933 and eligible for immediate sale in the public market by non-affiliates of the Company. Voting Rights Holders of Series B Preferred Stock currently have no voting rights; however, holders may receive certain voting
rights, as described in the Certificate of Designation, if (1) dividends on any shares of Series B Preferred Stock, or any other class or series of stock ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of
dividends, shall be in arrears for dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, for six calendar quarters or (2) we fail to pay the redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, if any, on the redemption date for shares of Series B
Preferred Stock following a fundamental change. So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will
not, without the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time (voting separately as a class with all other series of preferred stock, if any, on parity with our Series B Preferred
Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) issue or increase the authorized amount of any class or series of shares ranking senior to the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon
liquidation. In addition, we will not, subject to certain conditions, amend, alter or repeal provisions of our certificate of incorporation, including the certificate of designation relating to the Series B Preferred Stock, whether by merger,
consolidation or otherwise, so as to adversely amend, alter or affect any power, preference or special right of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock or the holders thereof without the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the
issued and outstanding Series B Preferred Stock shares. Series 1 Preferred Shares In connection with our acquisition of Global Thermoelectric Inc. (“Global”) in November 2003, we acquired the obligations of
Global pursuant to its outstanding 1,000,000 Series 2 Preferred Shares (“Series 2 Preferred Shares”) which continued to be held by Enbridge, Inc. With the sale of Global in May of 2004, the Series 2 Preferred Shares were cancelled, and
replaced with substantially equivalent Series 1 Preferred Shares (“Series 1 Preferred Shares”) issued by FCE FuelCell Energy Ltd. (“FCE Ltd”). On March 31, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Enbridge, Inc. (“Enbridge”) to modify the Class A Cumulative Redeemable Exchangeable Preferred Shares agreement (the
“Series 1 preferred share agreement”) between FCE Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of FuelCell Energy, and Enbridge, the sole holder of the Series 1 preferred shares. Consistent with the previous Series 1 preferred share
agreement, FuelCell continues to guarantee the return of principal and dividend obligations of FCE Ltd. to the Series 1 preferred shareholders under the modified agreement. Under the original Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions, FCE Ltd. had an accrued and unpaid dividend obligation of approximately
Cdn. $12.5 million representing the deferral of dividends plus additional dividends thereon. Payment was originally due to Enbridge as of December 31, 2010, but was subsequently extended based on mutual consent. Under the modified share
provisions, the Company is required to make (i) equal quarterly return of capital cash payments to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares on the last day of each calendar quarter starting on March 31, 2011 and ending on
December 31, 2011 and (ii) additional return of capital cash payments, as consideration for the one-year deferral, calculated at a 9.8 percent rate per annum on the unpaid Cdn. $12.5 million obligation, which additional payments will
also be made to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares on the last day of each calendar quarter starting on March 31, 2011 and ending on December 31, 2011. Dividends accrue at a 1.25% quarterly rate on the unpaid principal balance,
and additional dividends will accrue on the cumulative unpaid dividends (inclusive of the Cdn$12.5 million unpaid dividend balance as of the modification date) at a rate of 1.25% per quarter, compounded quarterly. Under the original Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions, FCE Ltd. was to make annual dividend payments totaling Cdn. $1,250,000. The
modified terms of the Series 1 Preferred Shares adjust these payments to (i) annual dividend payments of Cdn$500,000 and (ii) annual return of capital payments of Cdn. $750,000. These payments commenced on March 31, 2011 and will
end on December 31, 2020. Additional dividends accrue on cumulative unpaid dividends at a 1.25 percent quarterly rate, compounded quarterly, until payment thereof. On December 31, 2020 the amount of all accrued and unpaid dividends on
the Series 1 Preferred Shares of Cdn$21.1 million and the balance of the principal redemption price of Cdn$4.4 million shall be paid to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares. FCE Ltd. has the option of making dividend payments in the
form of common stock or cash under the Series 1 Preferred Shares provisions. 30 Table of Contents On March 31, 2011, the modified instrument had a carrying value of Cdn. $25.2 million.
The Company assessed the accounting guidance related to the classification of the preferred shares after the modification on March 31, 2011 and concluded that the preferred shares should be classified as a mandatorily redeemable financial
instrument, and presented as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Due to the reclassification of the instrument to a liability, the Company has accounted for this modification of the Series 1 Preferred shares as an extinguishment and
therefore the difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred to the holders of the preferred stock and the carrying amount of the preferred stock on our balance sheet prior to the modification represented a return to the
preferred stockholder and treated in a manner similar to the treatment of dividends paid on preferred stock. Accordingly, the difference between (1) the fair value of the Series 1 Preferred shares and (2) the carrying amount of the Series
1 Preferred shares on our balance sheet prior to the modification was subtracted from net loss to arrive at loss to common stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. The previous model used to value the original Series I Preferred shares was modified to value the pre-modification contract, to reflect
the new cash-flows discussed above. The notional amount of the instrument is accreted beginning in 2011 to correspond to the initial four quarterly returns of capital payments in 2011 and to the quarterly $187,500 paid from 2011-2020 as return of
capital. It is assumed that the Company will exercise the call option to force conversion in 2020. The conversion feature is modeled using a lattice approach. Call option strikes are adjusted for cumulative dividends and the conversion ratio is
adjusted by the notional schedule. The stock is projected in the future assuming a log-normal distribution. The stock volatility, the interest rate curve, the foreign exchange rates and credit spreads are assumed to be deterministic. The cumulative
dividend is modeled as a quarterly cash dividend component and a cumulative payment in 2020. The revaluation of the Series 1
Preferred shares resulted in a reduction of additional paid in capital of $9.0 million, which was also presented on the consolidated statements of operations as a charge to modification of redeemable preferred stock of subsidiary to arrive at net
loss to common shareholders and was included in the calculation of earnings per share for net loss to common shareholders. The reason for the change in the value of the obligation was that the original obligation had been accounted for under
purchase price accounting at the time of the Global Thermoelectric Inc. acquisition in November 2003. The valuation at that time included a market risk discount and used the exchange rate at the time of the acquisition. Under the new valuation, the
future estimated cash flows were discounted using the current exchange rate. The Company made its scheduled return of capital
and dividend payments of $0.6 million (Cdn. $0.6 million) during the six months ended April 30, 2013. The Company made its scheduled payments of Cdn.$4.4 million and Cdn. $10.9 million during fiscal 2012 and 2011, respectively, under the terms
of the modified agreement, including the recording of interest expense of approximately of Cdn. 2.0 million and Cdn. $2.3 million, respectively for fiscal 2012 and 2011, respectively. As of April 30, 2013, the carrying value of the Series
1 Preferred shares was Cdn.$14.6 million ($14.42 million USD) and is classified as preferred stock obligation of subsidiary on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition to the above, the significant terms of the Series 1 Preferred Shares include the following: • | Voting Rights - The holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares are not entitled to any voting rights or to receive notice of or to attend any meeting of the shareholders of FCE Ltd, but shall be entitled to receive notice of meetings of shareholders of FCE Ltd. called for the purpose of authorizing the dissolution or sale of its assets or a substantial part thereof. • | Dividends - Dividend payments can be made in cash or common stock of the Company, at the option of FCE Ltd, and if common stock is issued it may be unregistered. If FCE Ltd elects to make such payments by issuing common stock of the Company, the number of common shares is determined by dividing the cash dividend obligation by 95 percent of the volume weighted average price in US dollars at which board lots of the common shares have been traded on NASDAQ during the 20 consecutive trading days preceding the end of the calendar quarter for which such dividend in common shares is to be paid converted into Canadian dollars using the Bank of Canada’s noon rate of exchange on the day of determination. • | Redemption - The Series 1 Preferred Shares are redeemable by FCE Ltd for Cdn.$25 per share less any amounts paid as a return of capital in respect of such share plus all unpaid dividends and accrued interest. Holders of the Series 1 Preferred Shares do not have any mandatory or conditional redemption rights. 31 Table of Contents • | Liquidation or Dissolution - In the event of the liquidation or dissolution of FCE Ltd, the holders of Series 1 Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive Cdn.$25 per share less any amounts paid as a return of capital in respect of such share plus all unpaid dividends and accrued interest. The Company has guaranteed any liquidation obligations of FCE Ltd. • | Exchange Rights - A holder of Series 1 Preferred Shares has the right to exchange such shares for fully paid and non-assessable common stock of the Company at the following exchange prices: • | Cdn$129.46 per share of common stock after July 31, 2010 until July 31, 2015; • | Cdn$138.71 per share of common stock after July 31, 2015 until July 31, 2020; and • | at any time after July 31, 2020, at a price equal to 95 percent of the then current market price (in Cdn.$) of the Company’s common stock at the time of conversion. The exchange rates set forth above shall be adjusted if the Company:
(i) subdivides or consolidates the common stock; (ii) pays a stock dividend; (iii) issues rights, options or other convertible securities to the Company’s common stockholders enabling them to acquire common stock at a price less
than 95 percent of the then-current price; or (iv) fixes a record date to distribute to the Company’s common stockholders shares of any other class of securities, indebtedness or assets. Anti-Takeover Provisions Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws A number of provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws concern matters of corporate governance and the rights of
shareholders. Some of these provisions, including, but not limited to, the inability of shareholders to take action by unanimous written consent, supermajority voting provisions with respect to any amendment of voting rights provisions, the filling
of vacancies on the board of directors by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, and the ability of the board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to set the voting rights, preferences and other terms thereof,
without further shareholder action, may be deemed to have anti-takeover effect and may discourage takeover attempts not first approved by the board of directors, including takeovers which shareholders may deem to be in their best interests. If
takeover attempts are discouraged, temporary fluctuations in the market price of shares of our common stock, which may result from actual or rumored takeover attempts, may be inhibited. These provisions, together with the ability of the board of
directors to issue preferred stock without further shareholder action, could also delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors or the assumption of control by shareholders, even if the removal or assumption would be beneficial to our
shareholders. These provisions could also discourage or inhibit a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, even if favorable to the interests of shareholders, and could depress the market price of our common stock. The board of directors believes
these provisions are appropriate to protect our interests and the interests of our shareholders. The board of directors has no present plans to adopt any further measures or devices which may be deemed to have an “anti-takeover effect.” Delaware Anti-Takeover Provisions We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination,” except under certain
circumstances, with an “interested shareholder” for a period of three years following the date such person became an “interested shareholder” unless: • | before such person became an interested shareholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the interested shareholder becoming an interested shareholder; • | upon the consummation of the transaction that resulted in the interested shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 percent of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares held by directors who are also officers of the corporation and shares held by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or • | at or following the time such person became an interested shareholder, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of shareholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation which is not owned by the interested shareholder. The term “interested shareholder” generally is defined as a person
who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or, within the three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status, owned, 15 percent or more of a corporation’s outstanding 32 Table of Contents voting stock. The term “business combination” includes mergers, asset or stock sales and other similar transactions resulting in a financial benefit to an interested shareholder.
Section 203 makes it more difficult for an “interested shareholder” to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect
with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of our common stock held by shareholders. A Delaware corporation may
“opt out” of Section 203 with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or any amendment thereto. Our certificate of incorporation does not contain any such exclusion. Listing on the Nasdaq Global Market Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “FCEL”. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock and preferred stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York. 33 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, debt securities or other securities registered pursuant to this registration
statement and described in this prospectus. We may issue warrants independently or together with other securities that may be attached to or separate from the warrants. We will issue each series of warrants under a separate warrant agreement that
will be entered into between us and a bank or trust company, as warrant agent, and will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to the particular issue of warrants. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent in connection with the
warrants of such series and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for or with holders or beneficial owners of warrants. The following describes certain general terms and provisions of debt warrants or common stock warrants we may
offer. We will set forth further terms of the debt warrants, common stock warrants or warrants to purchase other securities and the applicable warrant agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. Debt Warrants The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of any debt warrants, including the following: • | the title of the debt warrants; • | the offering price for the debt warrants; • | the aggregate number of the debt warrants; • | the designation and terms of the debt securities purchasable upon exercise of such debt warrants; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which such debt warrants are issued and the number of such debt warrants issued with each security; • | if applicable, the date from and after which such debt warrants and any securities issued therewith will be separately transferable; • | the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of a debt warrant and the price at which such principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon exercise; • | the date on which the right to exercise such debt warrants shall commence and the date on which such right shall expire; • | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of such debt warrants which may be exercised at any one time; • | whether the debt warrants represented by the debt warrant certificates or debt securities that may be issued upon exercise of the debt warrants will be issued in registered form; • | information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; • | the currency, currencies or currency units in which the offering price, if any, and the exercise price are payable; • | if applicable, a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations; • | the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants; • | the antidilution provisions of such debt warrants, if any; • | the redemption or call provisions, if any, applicable to such debt warrant; and • | any additional terms of the debt warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of such debt warrants. Common Stock Warrants The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of any common stock warrants, including the following: • | the title of such warrants; 34 Table of Contents • | the offering price of such warrants; • | the aggregate number of such warrants; • | the designation and terms of the common stock that is issued and purchasable upon exercise of such warrants; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which such warrants are issued and the number of such warrants issued with each such security; • | if applicable, the date from and after which such warrants and any securities issued therewith will be separately transferable; • | the number of shares of common stock that is issued and purchasable upon exercise of the warrants and the price which such shares may be purchased upon exercise; • | the date on which the right to exercise such warrants shall commence and the date on which such right shall expire; • | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of such warrants which may be exercised at any one time; • | the currency, currencies or currency units in which the offering price, if any, and the exercise price are payable; • | if applicable, a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations; • | the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants; and • | the antidilution provisions of the warrants, if any. 35 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, negotiated transactions, market sales, block
trades or a combination of these methods. We may sell the securities (1) through underwriters or dealers, (2) through agents and/or (3) directly to one or more purchasers. We may distribute the securities from time to time in one or
more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | in “at the market” offerings, within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act, to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market, on an exchange or otherwise; • | at prices related to prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. We may solicit directly offers to purchase the securities being offered by this prospectus. We may also designate agents to solicit offers to purchase the securities from time to time. We will name in a
prospectus supplement any agent involved in the offer or sale of our securities. If we utilize a dealer in the sale of the
securities being offered by this prospectus, we will sell the securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. If underwriters are used in the sale of any the securities, the securities will be acquired by the underwriters for their own account and
may be resold from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The securities may be either offered to the public through
underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters, or directly by underwriters. Generally, the underwriters’ obligations to purchase the securities will be subject to certain conditions precedent. The underwriters will be obligated
to purchase all of the securities if they purchase any of the securities. We may sell the securities through agents from time
to time. The applicable prospectus supplement will name any agent involved in the offer or sale of the securities and any commissions paid to them. Generally, any agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment. In
addition, we may enter into derivative, sale or forward sale transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement indicates,
in connection with such transaction, the third parties may, pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, sell the securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale
transactions. If so, the third party may use securities borrowed from us or others to settle such sales and may use securities received from us or others to settle those sales to close out any related short positions. The third party in such sale
transactions will be an underwriter and will be identified in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). We may also loan or pledge the securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement to
third parties, who may sell the loaned securities or, in an event of default in the case of a pledge, sell the pledged securities pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. The Underwriters, broker-dealers and agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be
“underwriters” as defined by the Securities Act. Any commissions paid or any discounts or concessions allowed to any such persons, and any profits they receive on resale of the securities, may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and
commissions under the Securities Act. Agents, underwriters, and dealers may be entitled under relevant agreements with us to
indemnification by us against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribution with respect to payments which such agents, underwriters and dealers may be required to make in respect thereof. The terms and
conditions of any indemnification or contribution will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Underwriters,
broker-dealers or agents may receive compensation in the form of commissions, discounts or concessions from us. Underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may also receive compensation from the purchasers of the securities for whom they act as agents or
to whom they sell as principals, or both. Compensation as to a particular underwriter, broker-dealer or agent might be in excess of customary commissions and will be in amounts to be negotiated in connection with transactions involving the
securities. In effecting sales, broker-dealers engaged by us may arrange for other broker-dealers to participate in the resales. Maximum compensation to any underwriters, dealers or agents will not exceed any applicable NASD limitations. Underwriters or agents may purchase and sell the securities in the open market. These transactions may include over-allotments,
stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids. Over-allotments involve sales in excess of the offering size, 36 Table of Contents which creates a short position. Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the securities and are permitted
so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Syndicate covering transactions involve the placing of any bid on behalf of the underwriting syndicate or the effecting of any purchase to reduce a short position created in
connection with an offering. The underwriters or agents also may impose a penalty bid, which permits them to reclaim selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or certain dealers if they repurchase the securities in stabilizing or covering
transactions. These activities may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the securities, which may be higher than the price that might otherwise prevail in the open market. These activities, if begun, may be discontinued at any
time. These transactions may be effected on any exchange on which the securities are traded, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Except as indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the securities are not expected to be listed on any securities exchange, except for our common stock, which is quoted on the Nasdaq Global
Market under the symbol “FCEL”, and no underwriters will be obligated to make a market in these securities. We cannot predict the activity or liquidity of any trading in these securities. 37 Table of Contents DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the
extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our by-laws provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or applicable law, or otherwise, we have been advised that
in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the securities
offered hereby has been passed upon for us by Robinson & Cole LLP, Stamford, Connecticut. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of FuelCell Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries as of October 31, 2012 and 2011, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended October 31, 2012, and
management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2012 have been incorporated by reference herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the reports of KPMG LLP, independent
registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have
filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act with respect to our securities offered hereby. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set
forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. We have omitted certain parts of the registration statement as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information about us and our securities
offered hereby, reference is made to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. Statements contained in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract or any other document that is filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement are not necessarily complete, and each such statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the full text of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration
statement and the exhibits and schedules filed therewith may be inspected without charge at the public reference room maintained by the SEC, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of all or any part of the registration
statement may be obtained from such offices upon the payment of the fees prescribed by the SEC. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the public reference room. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov . We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and, therefore, we
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are available for inspection and copying at the public reference room and web site of the
SEC referred to above. Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market, and you may also inspect and copy our SEC filings at the offices of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. located at 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20006. You should rely only on the information provided in this prospectus and the registration statement. We have not
authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. Our securities are not being offered in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate only as of the dates of those
documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with
it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information
incorporated by reference that we filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference into this registration
statement and prospectus the documents listed below, and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act: 1. | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2012; 38 Table of Contents 2. | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2013; 3. | Our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on February 17, 2013; 4. | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed November 6, 2012, December 26, 2012, January 7 and 18, 2013, March 13, 2013; April 1, 12 and 18, 2013 and June 7, 2013, 5. | The description of our common stock set forth in our registration statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on June 6, 2000, including any amendments or reports filed for the purposes of updating this description. We will furnish without charge to you, on written or oral
request, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference, including exhibits to these documents. You should direct any requests for documents to FuelCell Energy, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 3 Great Pasture Road, Danbury,
Connecticut 06813, telephone: (203) 825-6000. 39 Table of Contents $150,000,000 Debt Securities Preferred Stock Warrants Common Stock PROSPECTUS June XX, 2012 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and
Distribution. The following table sets forth all expenses payable by us in connection with the offering of the securities being
registered. All such expenses are being borne by us. SEC Registration Fee | $ | 20,460
Accounting Fees and Expenses* | $ | 2,000
Legal Fees and Expenses* | $ | 6,000
Miscellaneous Expenses* | $ | 1,540
Total* | $ | 30,000 * | Estimated. Item 15. Indemnification of
Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify
any person, including an officer and director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by
or in the right of such corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of such corporation, and, with respect to any criminal actions
and proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. A Delaware corporation may indemnify any person, including an officer or director, who was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or
contemplated action or suit by or in the right of such corporation, under the same conditions, except that no indemnification is permitted without judicial approval if such person is adjudged to be liable to such corporation. Where an officer or
director of a corporation is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above, or any claim, issue or matter herein, the corporation must indemnify such person against the expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) which such officer or director actually and reasonably incurred in connection therewith. Our
certificate of incorporation provides that none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation
thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our by-laws provide for indemnification of our officers
and directors to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. II-1 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits The following exhibits are included or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement*
4.1 | Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1999)
4.2 | Form of Senior Indenture
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Indenture
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Warrant Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Robinson & Cole LLP
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2 | Consent of Robinson & Cole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this registration statement * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. II-2 Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in
which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) To include any
prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events
arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum
offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set
forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any
material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) above do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 and the information required to be included in a
post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration
statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be
a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (a) | each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (b) | each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the
purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the II-3 Table of Contents purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any
other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer
in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. 6. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:
(i) for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of the registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of prospectus
filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the time it was declared effective; and (ii) for the purpose of determining
any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 7. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that,
for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee
benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the
offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 8. Insofar as
indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the
opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 9. The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-4 Table of Contents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly
caused this registration statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Danbury, State of Connecticut, on June 7, 2013. FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.
By: | /s/ Michael S. Bishop
Michael S. Bishop
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Such person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Arthur A. Bottone and Michael S. Bishop,
and each of them, each of whom may act without joinder of the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power and substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to execute in the name and on behalf of such person any amendment or any post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement, and any registration statement relating to any offering made in connection with the offering covered by
this Registration Statement that is to be effective on filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done, as full and for all intents and purposes and he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated by Power of Attorney. SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Arthur A. Bottone
Arthur A. Bottone | President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) | June 7, 2013
/s/ Michael S. Bishop
Michael S. Bishop | Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) | June 7, 2013 II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Richard A. Bromley
Richard A. Bromley | Director | June 7, 2013
/s/ James Herbert England
James Herbert England | Director | June 7, 2013
/s/ James D. Gerson
James D. Gerson | Director | June 7, 2013
William A. Lawson | Director
/s/ John A. Rolls
John A. Rolls | Director – Chairman of the Board | June 7, 2013
/s/ Togo Dennis West, Jr.
Togo Dennis West, Jr. | Director | June 7, 2013 II-6 Table of Contents INDEX OF EXHIBITS Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement*
4.1 | Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1999)
4.2 | Form of Senior Indenture
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Indenture
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Warrant Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Robinson & Cole LLP
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2 | Consent of Robinson & Cole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this registration statement) * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.