S-1/A 1 ea128022-s1a2_goodworks.htm AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FORM S-1 As filed with U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 9, 2020. Registration No. 333-248333 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 GOOD WORKS ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 6770 | 85-1614529
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 4265 San Felipe, Suite 603 Houston, Texas 77027 Telephone: (713) 468-2717 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Cary Grossman, President 4265 San Felipe, Suite 603 Houston, 77027 Telephone: (713) 468-2717 (Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Ralph V. De Martino, Esq. Cavas Pavri, Esq. Schiff Hardin LLP 901 K Street NW Suite 700 Washington, DC 20001 Telephone: (202) 778-6400 Facsimile: (202) 778-6460 | Barry Grossman, Esq. Benjamin Reichel, Esq. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenues of the Americas 11 th Floor New York, New York 10105 Telephone: (212) 370-1300 Facsimile: (212) 370-7889 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box ☐ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering.☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box
and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act. ☐ CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered | Amount Being Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Security (1) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) | Amount of Registration Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $0.001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (2) | 17,250,000 | $ | 10.00 | $ | 172,500,000 | $ | 22,390.50
Shares of common stock included as part of the units (3) | 17,250,000 | — | — | — | (4)
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units (3) | 8,625,000 | — | — | — | (4)
Total | $ | 172,500,000 | $ | 22,390.50 | (5) (1) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) | Includes 2,250,000 units, consisting of 2,250,000 shares of common stock and 1,125,000 redeemable warrants, which may be issued upon exercise of a 30-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) | Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (4) | No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). (5) | Previously paid. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment
which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities
and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE Good Works Acquisition Corp. is filing this Amendment No. 2
(this “Amendment”) to its Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248333) as an exhibits-only filing to file
various exhibits attached hereto. Accordingly, this Amendment consists only of the facing page, this explanatory note, Part II
of the Registration Statement, the signature pages to the Registration Statement and the filed exhibits. The prospectus is unchanged
and has been omitted. 1 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection
with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discounts and commissions) will be as follows: Legal fees and expenses | $ | 205,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 49,500
Printing and EDGAR filing fees | 30,000
SEC registration fees | 22,390
FINRA Expenses | 26,375
Directors and officers insurance | 250,000
Nasdaq listing and filing fees | 85,000
Miscellaneous expenses | 111,735
Total offering expenses | $ | 780,000 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest
extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). Section 145 of the DGCL
concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below. Section 145. Indemnification of officers,
directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. (b) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. II- 1 (c) | To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) | Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) | Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former officers and directors or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred. (g) | A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) | For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. II- 2 (i) | For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. (j) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) | The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees). Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) may be permitted to our directors, officers,
and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event
that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled
by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. In accordance with Section 102(b)(7)
of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to
us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the
extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of this provision of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our stockholders (through stockholders’
derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director,
including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the
DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek nonmonetary relief,
such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other
provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment
or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former
officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors,
officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit
plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes
and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our
board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification. II- 3 The right to indemnification which will be
conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us
the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition,
provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity
as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such
officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified
for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement
of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes
in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective
only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption
of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in
the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered
by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws include the provisions relating
to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those which will be set forth in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for
indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit
us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation
or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to
indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of
our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or
the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except
to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and
will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission
occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. We will enter into indemnification agreements
with each of our officers and directors a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. These agreements
will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may
arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which
they could be indemnified. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to
be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have
agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain
liabilities under the Securities Act. II- 4 Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. In July 2020, we issued 4,312,500 shares
of common stock to our initial stockholders for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. Such securities were issued in connection
with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our
initial stockholders are all accredited investors for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. The anchor investors have agreed to purchase
from us an aggregate of 228,000 private placement units at a price of $10.00 per private placement units (a purchase price of $2,280,000),
in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. This issuance will be
made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In October 2020, we sold 562,500 shares of
common stock to GW Sponsor 2, LLC, an entity managed by our management, for a purchase price of $163,125. This issuance was made
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sales. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) | Exhibits. The list of exhibits immediately preceding the signature page of this registration statement is incorporated herein by reference. (b) | Financial Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements and schedules included in the registration statement. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (b) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) | For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) | For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. II- 5 (4) | For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II- 6 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement.*
1.2 | Form of Business Combination Marketing Agreement between the Registrant and I-Bankers Securities, Inc.*
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation. +
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation. +
3.3 | Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.*
3.4 | Bylaws. +
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate.*
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.*
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate.*
4.4 | Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
5.1 | Opinion of Schiff Hardin LLP.*
10.1 | Promissory Note issued by the Registrant to IBS Holdings Corp.*
10.2 | Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, I-B Good Works, LLC and each officer and director of the Registrant.*
10.3 | Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
10.4 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain security holders.*
10.5 | Form of Founder Stock Subscription Agreement.*
10.6 | Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and an anchor investor.*
10.7 | Form of Indemnity Agreement.*
10.8 | Form of Administrative Services Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Shoreline Capital Advisors, Inc.*
10.9 | Form of Securities Escrow Agreement.*
14 | Form of Code of Ethics.*
23.1 | Consent of Marcum LLP. +
23.2 | Consent of Schiff Hardin LLP (to be included on Exhibit 5.1).*
99.1 | Form of Audit Committee Charter.*
99.2 | Form of Compensation Committee Charter.*
99.3 | Form of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter.*
99.4 | Consent of Douglas Wurth +
99.5 | Consent of David Pauker +
99.6 | Consent of John J. Lendrum, III +
99.7 | Consent of Paul Fratamico +
99.8 | Consent of Tahira Rehmatullah + * | Filed herewith. + | Previously filed. II- 7 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Houston, State of Texas on the 9 th day of October, 2020. GOOD WORKS ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Fred Zeidman
Name: | Fred Zeidman
Title: | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Fred Zeidman | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | October 9, 2020
Fred Zeidman | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Cary Grossman | President and Director | October 9, 2020
Cary Grossman | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) II-8