S-3 1 d385422ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CIPHER MINING INC. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 84-1614529
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, Floor 54, Suite C New York, New York 10017 Tel.: (332) 262-2300 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) William Iwaschuk Chief
Legal Officer Cipher Mining Inc. 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, Floor 54, Suite C New York, New York 10017 United States of America Tel.: (332) 262-2300 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: J. David
Stewart, Esq. Latham & Watkins LLP 99 Bishopsgate London EC2M
3XF United Kingdom +44-20-7710-3098 APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this
Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall
become effective on filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form
is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall
thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement contains: • | a base prospectus which covers (i) the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to $500,000,000 in the aggregate of the securities identified below from time to time in one or more offerings; (ii) the offering and sale from time to time by the selling securityholders identified below of up to 23,265,565 shares of our common stock and the offer and sale from time to time by the selling securityholders of up to 85,500 of our warrants; (iii) the offering and sale of (A) up to 8,499,978 shares of common stock that are issuable by us upon the exercise of 8,499,978 public warrants that were previously registered and (B) up to 114,000 shares of common stock that are issuable by us upon the exercise of 114,000 private placement warrants; and • | a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $250,000,000 of our common stock that may be issued and sold under an At The Market Offering Agreement we have entered into with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC as sales agent. The base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The specific terms of the securities offered pursuant to the base prospectus are specified in
the sales agreement prospectus immediately following the base prospectus. The $250,000,000 of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold under the sales agreement prospectus supplement is included in the $250,000,000 of securities that may be
offered, issued and sold by us under the base prospectus. Upon termination of the At The Market Offering Agreement with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, any portion of the $250,000,000 included in the sales agreement prospectus supplement that
is not sold pursuant to the At The Market Offering Agreement will be available for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement, and if no shares are sold under the sales agreement, the full
$500,000,000 of securities may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any
jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion, dated September 21, 2022. PROSPECTUS Cipher Mining Inc. $500,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred Stock Warrants Units 23,265,565 Shares of Common Stock Offered by Selling Securityholders 8,613,978 Shares of Common Stock Underlying Warrants 85,500 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock We may offer and sell up to
$500,000,000 in the aggregate of the securities identified above from time to time in one or more offerings and on terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. This prospectus also relates to: (i) the offer and sale from time to
time by the selling securityholders named in this prospectus (the “Selling Securityholders”) of up to 23,265,565 shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“common stock”), (ii) the offer and sale from time to time
by the Selling Securityholders of up to 85,500 of our warrants originally purchased in a private placement by certain of the Selling Securityholders; and (iii) the offer and sale of (A) up to 8,499,978 shares of common stock that are
issuable by us upon the exercise of 8,499,978 public warrants that were previously registered and (B) up to 114,000 shares of common stock that are issuable by us upon the exercise of 114,000 private placement warrants. This prospectus provides
you with a general description of the securities. Each time we or any of the Selling Securityholders offer and sell securities, we
or such Selling Securityholders will provide a supplement to this prospectus, the extent necessary, that contains specific information about the offering and, if applicable, the Selling Securityholders, as well as the amounts, prices and terms of
the securities. The supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement before you invest in any of our
securities. We may offer and sell the securities described in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement to or through one or more underwriters,
dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods. In addition, the Selling Securityholders may offer and sell or securities from time to time, together or separately. If any underwriters, dealers or agents are
involved in the sale of any of the securities, their names and any applicable purchase price, fee, commission or discount arrangement between or among them will be set forth, or will be calculable from the information set forth, in the applicable
prospectus supplement. See the sections of this prospectus entitled “ About this Prospectus ” and “ Plan of Distribution ” for more information. No securities may be sold without delivery of this prospectus and the
applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the offering of such securities. Our common stock and public warrants are listed on
The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbols “CIFR” and “CIFRW,” respectively. On September 20, 2022, the last reported sales price of our common stock was $1.47 per share and the last reported
sales price of our public warrants was $0.20 per warrant. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES
INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE “ RISK FACTORS ” ON PAGE 7 OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND ANY SIMILAR SECTION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT CONCERNING FACTORS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE
INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of
these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2022. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 3
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 5
THE COMPANY | 6
RISK FACTORS | 7
USE OF PROCEEDS | 8
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 9
DESCRIPTION OF EXISTING WARRANTS | 14
DESCRIPTION OF NEW WARRANTS | 18
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 19
GLOBAL SECURITIES | 20
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS | 24
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 30
LEGAL MATTERS | 33
EXPERTS | 33 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a “shelf” registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission” or “SEC”). By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell securities from time to time and in one or more offerings up to $500,000,000 and the Selling Securityholders may, from time to time, sell the securities
described in this prospectus in one or more offerings as described in this prospectus. To the extent necessary, each time that we or the Selling Securityholders offer and sell securities, we or the Selling Securityholders may provide a prospectus
supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the securities being offered and sold and the specific terms of that offering. To the extent permitted by law, we may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses that
may contain material information relating to these offerings. Such prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency
between the information in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable. Before purchasing any securities, you should
carefully read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement (and any applicable free writing prospectuses), together with the additional information described under the heading “ Where You Can Find More Information;
Incorporation by Reference.” Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders have authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make
any representations other than those contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders take
any responsibility for, nor provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders will make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or
sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any
applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate
otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by
reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, neither we nor the Selling Securityholders
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and neither we nor the Selling Securityholders have independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by
reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed
under the heading “ Risk Factors ” contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into
this prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. On August 27, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), we
consummated the business combination pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 4, 2021 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Good Works Acquisition Corp. (“GWAC” and, upon consummation of the Business
Combination described below, “Cipher”), Currency Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of GWAC (“Merger Sub”), and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Cipher Mining
Technologies”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Cipher Mining Technologies, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceasing and Cipher Mining Technologies being the surviving corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Cipher (the “Merger” and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Business Combination”). On the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Transactions
(the “Closing”), we changed our name to Cipher Mining Inc. 1 Table of Contents As used in this prospectus, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the terms
“we,” “our,” “us,” “registrant,” the “Company,” and “Cipher” mean Cipher Mining Inc. and its subsidiaries, which was a special purpose acquisition company called “Good Works
Acquisition Corp.” prior to the closing of the Business Combination. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of the applicable series of securities. 2 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available Information We file reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . We also maintain a website at https://investors.ciphermining.com , at which you may access these materials free of
charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in
this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed
with the SEC and do not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided below. Forms of the documents establishing the terms of the offered securities are
or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is
qualified in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s
website, as provided above. Incorporation by Reference The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and
supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in
this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying
prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC, other than any portions of the respective filing that were furnished, pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Current Reports on
Form 8-K (including exhibits related thereto) or other applicable SEC rules, rather than filed: • | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2022. • | Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022 and August 9, 2022 , respectively. • | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2022 , April 14, 2022 , May 10, 2022 , and September 1, 2022 and September 15, 2022 . • | The description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on October 15, 2020 and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description, including Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. All reports and other documents we subsequently file
pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the “Exchange Act” in this prospectus, prior to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we
may file with the SEC after the date of the 3 Table of Contents initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated
by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. You may request a
free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus by writing or telephoning us at the following address: CIPHER MINING INC. 1 VANDERBILT
AVENUE, FLOOR 54, SUITE C NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017 (332) 262-2300 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any
accompanying prospectus supplement. 4 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for
forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in any prospectus supplement related hereto in greater detail under the sections titled “ Risk
Factors ,” “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ,” and “ Business ,” but are also contained elsewhere in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by
reference herein. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “targets,” “projects,” “contemplates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “predicts,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this
prospectus include, but are not limited to statements regarding: • | our planned buildout of cryptocurrency mining sites; • | our ability to raise financing in the future; • | our future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, equity compensation, business strategy, plans, market growth and our objectives for future operations; • | our commercial partnerships and supply agreements; • | the ability to maintain the listing of our common stock and warrants on Nasdaq, and the potential liquidity and trading of such securities; • | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; • | the effects of competition and regulation on our business; • | the effects of price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets; • | the effects of global economic, business or political conditions, such as the global coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic and the disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread; and • | the value and volatility of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or
other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
under the heading “ Risk Factors .” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You should read this prospectus and the documents that we reference in this prospectus and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement
of which this prospectus is a part with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 5 Table of Contents THE COMPANY We are an emerging technology company that operates in the Bitcoin mining ecosystem in the United States. Specifically, we plan to develop and grow a
cryptocurrency mining business, specializing in Bitcoin. Our key mission is to become a leading Bitcoin mining company in the United States. On
August 27, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination with GWAC. As a stand-alone, U.S.-based cryptocurrency mining business, specializing in Bitcoin, we have begun our buildout of cryptocurrency mining sites in the United States. We began
deployment of capacity in the first quarter of 2022, with mining operations beginning at the Alborz facility, located in Texas, in February 2022. In
connection with our planned buildout, we entered into a number of power agreements and joint venture agreements, all of which, together, are expected to cover at least four sites where we expect to begin our buildout. Pursuant to these agreements,
we expect to have access, for at least five years, to an average cost of electricity of approximately 2.7 c/kWh. We expect that this will help competitively position us to achieve our goal of becoming a leading Bitcoin mining operator in the United
States. We filed our certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 24, 2020 as Good Works Acquisition Corp. On
August 27, 2021, we closed the Business Combination with Cipher Mining Technologies, as a result of which Cipher Mining Technologies became a wholly owned subsidiary of ours, and we changed our name to “Cipher Mining Inc.” Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, Floor 54, Suite C, New York, New York and our telephone number is (332) 262-2300. Our website address is https://www.ciphermining.com/ . We do not incorporate the information on, or accessible through, our website into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information
on, or accessible through, our website as part of this prospectus. 6 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. You should carefully consider the
risk factors incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained
in the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus before acquiring any of such securities. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. 7 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. All of the shares of common stock and warrants offered by the Selling Securityholders will be sold by them for their respective accounts. We will not receive
any of the proceeds from these sales. The Selling Securityholders will pay any underwriting fees, discounts, selling commissions, stock transfer taxes
and certain legal expenses incurred by such Selling Securityholders in disposing of their shares of common stock and warrants, and we will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of such securities covered by
this prospectus, including, without limitation, all registration and filing fees, Nasdaq listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accountants. We will receive the proceeds from the exercise of the warrants for cash, but not from the sale of the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise.
Unless otherwise disclosed in a prospectus supplement, we intend to use any net proceeds from the exercise of warrants for cash for investment in growth and general corporate and working capital purposes. 8 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following summary of the material terms of our capital stock is not intended to be a complete and is qualified by reference to the amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (for purposes of this section, the “Certificate of Incorporation”) and the amended and restated bylaws (for purposes of this section, the “Bylaws” and together with the Certificate of Incorporation,
the “Governing Documents”) which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We urge to you read each of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws described herein in their entirety for a complete
description of the rights and preferences of our securities. Authorized Capitalization General We are authorized to issue 510,000,000
shares of capital stock, consisting of (i) 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of the date of this prospectus, there are
247,518,966 shares of our common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Voting rights Each outstanding share of our common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter properly submitted to our shareholders of for their
vote. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of our common stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of our preferred stock if the
holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. Dividend rights Subject to preferences that may
apply to any shares of our preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors (the “Board”), in its discretion, determines to
issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Board may determine. Rights upon liquidation Upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders
would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any,
on any outstanding shares of our preferred stock. Other rights No holder of shares of our common stock will be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights contained in the Certificate of Incorporation or in the Bylaws.
There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock that we may issue
in the future. Preferred Stock Our preferred
stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is expressly authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware, to provide, out of unissued shares of 9 Table of Contents our preferred stock that have not been designated as to series, with respect to each series, to establish the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers
(including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and, subject to the rights of such series, to thereafter
increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of our preferred stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series. The issuance of our preferred stock could
have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change
in control of us. Election of Directors and Vacancies Subject to the rights of any series of our preferred stock then outstanding to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the directors on the
Board consist of seven (7) directors, and be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. The initial term of office of
the Class I directors expires at the first annual meeting of shareholders following the consummation of the Business Combination, the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of
shareholders following the initial classification of the Board and the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders following the initial classification of the Board. At each annual
meeting of shareholders following the initial classification of the Board, directors elected to succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of our
shareholders after their election. Under the Bylaws, except as may be required in the Certificate of Incorporation, directors shall be elected by a
plurality of the votes cast by the holders of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Each of our directors shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such director’s term expires and until such director’s successor is
elected and qualified or until such director’s earlier death, resignation, or removal. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of our preferred stock to elect directors, directors may be removed only as provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation and applicable law. All vacancies occurring in the Board and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled in the manner set forth below. Subject to the rights of any series of our preferred stock then outstanding, any vacancy occurring in the Board for any cause, and any newly created
directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be
filled by the shareholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of
shareholders at which the term of office for the class in which the vacancy was created or occurred or, in the case of newly created directorships, the class to which the director has been assigned expires and until such director’s successor
shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier death, resignation, or removal. If and for so long as the holders of
any series of our preferred stock have the special right to elect additional directors, the then otherwise total authorized number of our directors shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such
Preferred Stock will be entitled to elect the additional directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to the terms of the series of the preferred stock. Each such additional director shall serve until such director’s successor shall have been
duly elected and qualified, or until such director’s right to hold such office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. 10 Table of Contents Quorum Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of
the voting power of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting,
the chairperson of the meeting or, if directed to be voted on by the chairperson of the meeting, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote who are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting may
adjourn the meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record
entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting, we may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If a quorum is present at the original meeting, it shall also be deemed present at the adjourned
meeting. Anti-takeover Effects of the Governing Documents The Governing Documents contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of the Company. We expect that these
provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Board,
which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give the board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. Classified Board of Directors As indicated above, the
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board will be divided into three classes of directors, with each class of directors being elected by our stockholders every three years. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it
more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the Board. Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, which would apply so
long as our common stock (or warrants) remains listed on Nasdaq, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20% of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of our common stock. Additional
shares that may be issued in the future may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock may be to enable the Board to issue shares to persons friendly to current
management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise and thereby protect the continuity of management and possibly deprive
stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of our common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Special Meeting, Action by
Written Consent and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals Unless otherwise required by law, and subject to the rights, if any, of the
holders of any series of our preferred stock, Special Meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only by (i) a majority of the Board, (ii) the chairperson of the board of directors, (iii) the chief
executive officer or (iv) the President, and our stockholders may not take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in writing stating the date, time and place, if any, of the
meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and 11 Table of Contents vote at such meeting and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
notice of the meeting. Such notice shall also set forth the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable
law or the Certificate of Incorporation, notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10), nor more than sixty (60), days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice. The Bylaws also provide that any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the
Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee, as
applicable. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. The Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates
for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. The Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice, including disclosure of the proposing stockholders’ agreements,
arrangements and understandings made in connection with such a proposal or nomination. These provisions may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of
the Company. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We
may amend or repeal any provision contained in the Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, subject to the rights of any outstanding series of our preferred stock, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any
class or series of our stock required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our
capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. The Board shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by the Board shall require the approval
of a majority of the Board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Proposed Bylaws. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser or
no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of our stock required by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the
stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws. Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the voting stock of a Delaware
corporation, such person becomes an “interested stockholder” and may not engage in certain “business combinations” with the corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15% or more of the
corporation’s voting stock, unless: 1. | the board of directors approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder; 12 Table of Contents 2. | the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans); or 3. | the merger transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware
corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we do not opt out of Section 203 of the DGCL and therefore is subject to
Section 203. Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Section 145 of the DGCL, authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers under
certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations. The terms of Section 145 of the DGCL are sufficiently broad to permit indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising
under the Securities Act. As permitted by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except liability for
the following (i) any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders; (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under
Section 174 of the DGCL (regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases); or (iv) any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. As permitted by the DGCL, the Bylaws provide that: (i) we are required
to indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to very limited exceptions; (ii) we may indemnify its other employees and agents as set forth in the DGCL; (iii) we are required to
advance expenses, as incurred, to its directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to very limited exceptions; and (iv) the rights conferred in the Bylaws are not
exclusive. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each director and executive officer to provide these individuals additional contractual
assurances regarding the scope of the indemnification set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and to provide additional procedural protections. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director or executive officer
for which indemnification is sought. The indemnification provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the indemnification agreements entered into or to be entered into between us and each of our directors and executive officers may be
sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our directors and executive officers for liabilities arising under the Securities Act. We currently carry liability insurance for our directors and officers. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions The
Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for:
(i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent to us or our stockholders;
(iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Governing Documents or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; (iv) any action to
interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Governing Documents; or (v) any action governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In
addition, the Bylaws require that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the
Securities Act. 13 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF EXISTING WARRANTS The following summary of the material terms of our existing warrants is not intended to be a complete and is qualified by reference to the Governing
Documents and the Warrant-related documents described herein which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We urge you to read each of the Governing Documents and the Warrant-related documents described herein
in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. Public Warrants Public warrants refer to our warrants that were offered and sold in GWAC’s initial public offering pursuant to a registration statement and entitle the
registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on October 19, 2021, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering our common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances
specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The public warrants will expire on August 27, 2026, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Redemption of Warrants for Cash Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Warrant; • | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and • | if, and only if, the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the issuance of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to our common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date.
However, the price of the shares of our common stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares)
warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise: If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its
warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to 14 Table of Contents require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by
surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise
price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number
of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the
dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this
option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant
holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such
warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with such person for purposes of the “beneficial ownership” test under Section 13 of
the Exchange Act, or any “group” (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which such person is or may be deemed to be a part, would beneficially own (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) (or to
the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder would result in a higher ownership percentage, such higher percentage would be) in excess of 9.8% (or such
other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution
Adjustments If the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in shares of common
stock, or by a split-up of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the
number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of common stock entitling
holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the “historical fair market value” (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of
shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of
(x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. In addition, if we, at any time
while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all the holders of shares of common stock on account of such shares (or other securities into which
the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, and (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of common
stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed $0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends
or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with 15 Table of Contents respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50 per share, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after
the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of our common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of share of our
common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of common stock. Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the
warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common
stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par
value of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any
reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in
connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of common stock
immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of
the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that are not listed for trading on a national securities exchange or are not quoted in an
established over-the-counter market, or will not be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant
properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the Warrant
Agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of
the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. Our warrants have been issued in registered form under the Warrant
Agreement. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then
outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which
this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon
surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of
the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock
and any voting rights until they 16 Table of Contents exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder
would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement will
be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such
action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Private Placement Warrants Private placement
warrants refer to the warrants to purchase our ordinary shares that were issued as part of GWAC’s initial public offering. As of June 30, 2022, there were 114,000 private placement warrants outstanding. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. The private placement
warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be redeemable by us, so long as they are held by their initial holders or their permitted transferees. The initial holders of the
private placement warrants, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial holders or their permitted
transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. Except as described above regarding redemption procedures and cashless exercise in respect of the public warrants, if holders of the private placement
warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “historical fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. The “historical
fair market value” will mean the average reported closing price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer
agent for our common stock and warrant agent for the public warrants and private placement warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. We may designate a new or additional transfer agent for such shares and warrants, and we will
provide you with notice of such action and of any change in the office through which any such agent will act. 17 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF NEW WARRANTS We may issue warrants for the purchase of shares of our common stock or preferred stock. We may issue warrants independently or together with other
securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from any offered securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and the investors or a warrant agent. The following
summary of material provisions of the warrants and warrant agreements is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the warrant agreement and warrant certificate applicable to a particular series of warrants.
The terms of any warrants offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as the complete warrant agreements
and warrant certificates that contain the terms of the warrants. The particular terms of any issue of warrants will be described in the prospectus
supplement relating to the issue. Those terms may include: • | the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock purchasable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase such shares and the price at which such number of shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the designation, stated value and terms (including, without limitation, liquidation, dividend, conversion and voting rights) of the series of preferred stock purchasable upon exercise of warrants to purchase preferred stock; • | the date, if any, on and after which the warrants and the related preferred stock or common stock will be separately transferable; • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire; • | United States federal income tax consequences applicable to the warrants; and • | any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the warrants. Holders of warrants will not be entitled to: • | vote, consent or receive dividends; • | receive notice as stockholders with respect to any meeting of stockholders for the election of our directors or any other matter; or • | exercise any rights as our stockholder. Each warrant will entitle its holder to purchase the number of shares of preferred stock or common stock at the exercise price set forth in, or calculable as
set forth in, the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants at any time up to the specified time on the expiration date that we set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. A holder of warrant
certificates may exchange them for new warrant certificates of different denominations, present them for registration of transfer and exercise them at the applicable office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Until any warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock are exercised, the holders of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the underlying common stock or preferred stock, including any rights to receive
dividends or payments upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up on the common stock or preferred stock, if any. 18 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus in one or more series. We may evidence each
series of units by unit certificates that we will issue under a separate agreement. We may enter into unit agreements with a unit agent. Each unit agent will be a bank or trust company that we select. We will indicate the name and address of the
unit agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of units. The following description, together with the additional
information included in any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes the general features of the units that we may offer under this prospectus. You should read any prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be
provided to you related to the series of units being offered, as well as the complete unit agreements that contain the terms of the units. Specific unit agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and we will file as an exhibit
to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from another report that we file with the SEC, the form of each unit agreement relating to units offered under this prospectus. If we offer any units, certain terms of that series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, without limitation, the
following, as applicable: • | the title of the series of units; • | identification and description of the separate constituent securities comprising the units; • | the price or prices at which the units will be issued; • | the date, if any, on and after which the constituent securities comprising the units will be separately transferable; • | a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the units; and • | any other terms of the units and their constituent securities. 19 Table of Contents GLOBAL SECURITIES Book-Entry, Delivery and Form Unless we indicate
differently in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the securities initially will be issued in book-entry form and represented by one or more global notes or global securities, or, collectively, global securities. The
global securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, as depositary, or DTC, and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC. Unless and until it is exchanged for
individual certificates evidencing securities under the limited circumstances described below, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary to its nominee or by the nominee to the depositary, or by the depositary or
its nominee to a successor depositary or to a nominee of the successor depositary. DTC has advised us that it is: • | a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law; • | a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law; • | a member of the Federal Reserve System; • | a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code; and • | a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among its participants of securities
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. “Direct
participants” in DTC include securities brokers and dealers, including underwriters, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. DTC is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation, or DTCC. DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries.
Access to the DTC system is also available to others, which we sometimes refer to as indirect participants, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct participant, either directly or indirectly. The rules applicable to DTC
and its participants are on file with the SEC. Purchases of securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will
receive a credit for the securities on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of the actual purchaser of a security, which we sometimes refer to as a beneficial owner, is in turn recorded on the direct and indirect participants’ records.
Beneficial owners of securities will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. However, beneficial owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of their transactions, as well as periodic statements of
their holdings, from the direct or indirect participants through which they purchased securities. Transfers of ownership interests in global securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of
beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the global securities, except under the limited circumstances described below. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all global securities deposited by direct participants with DTC will be registered in the name of DTC’s partnership
nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee will not change the
beneficial ownership of the securities. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the securities are credited, which may or may
not be the beneficial owners. The participants are responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 20 Table of Contents So long as the securities are in book-entry form, you will receive payments and may transfer securities only
through the facilities of the depositary and its direct and indirect participants. We will maintain an office or agency in the location specified in the prospectus supplement for the applicable securities, where notices and demands in respect of the
securities and the indenture may be delivered to us and where certificated securities may be surrendered for payment, registration of transfer or exchange. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants and by direct participants and
indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any legal requirements in effect from time to time. Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the securities of a particular series are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by
lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant in the securities of such series to be redeemed. Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (or such
other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the securities. Under its usual procedures, DTC will mail an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns the consenting or voting rights of
Cede & Co. to those direct participants to whose accounts the securities of such series are credited on the record date, identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. So long as securities are in book-entry form, we will make payments on those securities to the depositary or its nominee, as the registered owner of such
securities, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If securities are issued in definitive certificated form under the limited circumstances described below and unless if otherwise provided in the description of the applicable securities
herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will have the option of making payments by check mailed to the addresses of the persons entitled to payment or by wire transfer to bank accounts in the United States designated in writing to the
applicable trustee or other designated party at least 15 days before the applicable payment date by the persons entitled to payment, unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the applicable trustee or other designated party. Redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments on the securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by
an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit direct participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings
shown on DTC records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the account of customers in bearer form or registered in “street
name.” Those payments will be the responsibility of participants and not of DTC or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments to
Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC, is our responsibility, disbursement of payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to the
beneficial owners is the responsibility of direct and indirect participants. Except under the limited circumstances described below, purchasers of
securities will not be entitled to have securities registered in their names and will not receive physical delivery of securities. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of DTC and its participants to exercise any rights
under the securities and the indenture. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of
securities in definitive form. Those laws may impair the ability to transfer or pledge beneficial interests in securities. DTC may discontinue providing
its services as securities depositary with respect to the securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to us. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depositary is not obtained, securities certificates are required to be
printed and delivered. 21 Table of Contents As noted above, beneficial owners of a particular series of securities generally will not receive
certificates representing their ownership interests in those securities. However, if: • | DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the global security or securities representing such series of securities or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act at a time when it is required to be registered and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days of the notification to us or of our becoming aware of DTC’s ceasing to be so registered, as the case may be; • | we determine, in our sole discretion, not to have such securities represented by one or more global securities; or • | an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities, we will prepare and deliver certificates for such securities in exchange for beneficial interests in the global securities. Any
beneficial interest in a global security that is exchangeable under the circumstances described in the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities in definitive certificated form registered in the names that the depositary directs. It is
expected that these directions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from its participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global securities. Euroclear and Clearstream If so provided in the
applicable prospectus supplement, you may hold interests in a global security through Clearstream Banking S.A., which we refer to as “Clearstream,” or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, which we refer to as
“Euroclear,” either directly if you are a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear or indirectly through organizations which are participants in Clearstream or Euroclear. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their
respective participants through customers’ securities accounts in the names of Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, on the books of their respective U.S. depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers’ securities
accounts in such depositaries’ names on DTC’s books. Clearstream and Euroclear are securities clearance systems in Europe. Clearstream and
Euroclear hold securities for their respective participating organizations and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between those participants through electronic book-entry changes in their accounts, thereby eliminating
the need for physical movement of certificates. Payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and other matters relating to beneficial interests in
global securities owned through Euroclear or Clearstream must comply with the rules and procedures of those systems. Transactions between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on one hand, and other participants in DTC, on the other hand, are
also subject to DTC’s rules and procedures. Investors will be able to make and receive through Euroclear and Clearstream payments, deliveries,
transfers and other transactions involving any beneficial interests in global securities held through those systems only on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and
other institutions are open for business in the United States. Cross-market transfers between participants in DTC, on the one hand, and participants in
Euroclear or Clearstream, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with the DTC’s rules on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by their respective U.S. depositaries; however, such cross-market
transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by the counterparty in such system in accordance with the rules and procedures and within the established deadlines (European time) of such system.
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in the
global securities through DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day fund settlement. Participants in Euroclear or Clearstream may not deliver instructions directly
to their respective U.S. depositaries. 22 Table of Contents Due to time zone differences, the securities accounts of a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream
purchasing an interest in a global security from a direct participant in DTC will be credited, and any such crediting will be reported to the relevant participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, during the securities settlement processing day (which
must be a business day for Euroclear or Clearstream) immediately following the settlement date of DTC. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream as a result of sales of interests in a global security by or through a participant in Euroclear or
Clearstream to a direct participant in DTC will be received with value on the settlement date of DTC but will be available in the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream cash account only as of the business day for Euroclear or Clearstream following
DTC’s settlement date. Other The information
in this section of this prospectus concerning DTC, Clearstream, Euroclear and their respective book-entry systems has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not take responsibility for this information. This information
has been provided solely as a matter of convenience. The rules and procedures of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear are solely within the control of those organizations and could change at any time. Neither we nor the trustee nor any agent of ours or of
the trustee has any control over those entities and none of us takes any responsibility for their activities. You are urged to contact DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants directly to discuss those matters. In addition,
although we expect that DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear will perform the foregoing procedures, none of them is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither we nor
any agent of ours will have any responsibility for the performance or nonperformance by DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants of these or any other rules or procedures governing their respective operations. 23 Table of Contents SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS This prospectus also relates to: (i) the offer and sale from time to time by the Selling Securityholders of up to 23,265,565 shares of our common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (“common stock”), consisting of (A) up to 3,750,500 shares of our common stock issued in private placements in connection with the initial public offering of GWAC; (B) up to 16,000,000 shares of our
common stock issued to Bitfury Holding B.V. and Bitfury Top HoldCo B.V. in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and (C) up to 3,515,065 shares of our common stock issued in a private placement in connection with the
consummation of the Business Combination; (ii) the offer and sale from time to time by the Selling Securityholders of up to 85,500 of our warrants originally purchased in a private placement by certain of the Selling Securityholders; and
(iii) the offer and sale of (A) up to 8,499,978 shares of common stock that are issuable by us upon the exercise of 8,499,978 public warrants that were previously registered and (B) up to 114,000 shares of common stock that are
issuable by us upon the exercise of 114,000 private placement warrants. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities. The
Selling Securityholders may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the shares of common stock and warrants set forth below pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. Unless stated otherwise, when we refer to the
“Selling Securityholders” in this prospectus, we mean the persons listed in the table below and the pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees, successors, designees and others who later come to hold any of the Selling Securityholders’
interest in the common stock or warrants after the date of this prospectus.. The following table is prepared based on information provided to us by the
Selling Securityholders and sets forth, the names of the Selling Securityholders, and the aggregate number of shares of common stock and warrants that the Selling Securityholders may offer pursuant to this prospectus. The table does not include the
issuance by us of up to 8,528,478 shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding warrants, which is covered by this prospectus, but reflects up to 85,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of private placement warrants. Because the Selling Securityholders are not obligated to sell their securities, we cannot state with certainty the amount of our securities that the Selling
Securityholders will hold upon consummation of any such sales. In addition, since the date on which the Selling Securityholders provided this information to us, the Selling Securityholders may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of all or a
portion of their securities. Any changed or new information given to us by the Selling Securityholders, including regarding the identity of, and the securities held by, each Selling Securityholder, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement or
amendments to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, if and when necessary. A Selling Securityholder may sell all, some or none of such securities in this offering. See “ Plan of Distribution .” Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 247,489,582 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2022. In computing the number of shares
beneficially owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other rights held by such person that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable or will
otherwise vest within 60 days of 24 Table of Contents June 30, 2022 are considered outstanding, although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Shares of Common Stock
Name of Selling Stockholder | Number Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | % (*) | Number Being Registered Hereby (**) | Number Beneficially Owned After the Offering | % (*)
Alexander Morcos | 287,484 | *** | 287,484 | — | —
American Committee for Shaare Zedek Hospital in Jerusalem, Inc. | 2,500 | *** | 2,500 | — | —
Ballet Theatre Foundation, Inc. | 250,000 | *** | 250,000 | — | —
Bitfury Holding B.V. (1) | 6,000,000 | 2.4% | 6,000,000 | — | —
Bitfury Top HoldCo B.V. (2) | 10,000,000 | 4.0% | 10,000,000 | — | —
Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP (3) | 42,500 | *** | 42,500 | — | —
Cary Grossman | 198,750 | *** | 198,750 | — | —
David Pauker | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
Douglas Wurth | 195,000 | *** | 195,000 | — | —
Fred S. Zeidman | 195,000 | *** | 195,000 | — | —
Gray’s Creek Capital Partners Fund I, LP (4) | 200,000 | *** | 200,000 | — | —
Harris County Hospital District Foundation | 2,500 | *** | 2,500 | — | —
I-B Good Works, LLC (5) | 757,500 | *** | 757,500 | — | —
IBS Holding Corp. (6) | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
Iridian Raven Fund, LP (7) | 74,274 | *** | 74,274 | — | —
James M McCrory | 180,101 | *** | 180,101 | — | —
John J. Lendrum III | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
KC Cipher SPV, LLC (8) | 333,500 | *** | 333,500 | — | —
Kepos Alpha Master Fund, L.P. (9) | 64,687 | *** | 64,687
Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. (10) | 21,563 | *** | 21,563
MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC (11) | 48,181 | *** | 48,181
Magnetar Financial LLC (12) | 254,875 | *** | 254,875 | — | —
Memorial Hermann Foundation | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
Meteora Special Opportunity Fund i, LP (13) | 86,250 | *** | 86,250
Mission Gate Inc. (14) | 1,482,048 | *** | 1,482,048
Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. (15) | 4,606 | *** | 4,606 | — | —
Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. (16) | 37,500 | *** | 37,500
Paolo E. Floriani | 35,000 | *** | 35,000 | — | —
Paul Fratamico | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
Peridian Fund, L.P. (17) | 169,375 | *** | 169,375 | — | —
Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (18) | 197,875 | *** | 197,875 | — | —
Sea Otter Securities Group, L.L.C. (19) | 86,250 | *** | 86,250
Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. (20) | 23,595 | *** | 23,595
Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC (21) | 14,474 | *** | 14,474
Shelley Leonard | 160,000 | *** | 160,000 | — | —
Social Accountability International, Inc. | 125,000 | *** | 125,000 | — | —
Stichting Juridisch Eigendom Mint Tower Arbitrage Fund (22) | 523,475 | *** | 523,475 | — | —
Suhas and Felicitie Daftuar | 500,000 | *** | 500,000 | — | —
Tahira Rehmatullah | 47,500 | *** | 47,500 | — | —
The Children’s Aid Society | 125,000 | *** | 125,000 | — | — 25 Table of Contents Shares of Common Stock
Name of Selling Stockholder | Number Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | % (*) | Number Being Registered Hereby (**) | Number Beneficially Owned After the Offering | % (*)
The National World War II Museum, Inc. | 2,500 | *** | 2,500 | — | —
The University of Texas Foundation, Inc. | 175,000 | *** | 175,000 | — | —
The Washington University | 10,000 | *** | 10,000 | — | —
Ulter GW LLC (23) | 17,952 | *** | 17,952 | — | —
University of St. Thomas | 10,000 | *** | 10,000 | — | —
Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd (24) | 51,750 | *** | 51,750 | — | —
Walleye Trading LLC (25) | 34,500 | *** | 34,500 | — | —
TOTAL | 23,265,565 | 9.4% | 23,265,565 Private Placement Warrants to Purchase Common Stock
Name of Selling Stockholder | Number Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | Number Being Registered Hereby | Number Beneficially Owned After this Offering | Percentage Owned After Offering
Magnetar Financial LLC (12) | 28,500 | 28,500 | — | —
Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (18) | 28,500 | 28,500 | — | —
Stichting Juridisch Eigendom Mint Tower Arbitrage Fund (22) | 28,500 | 28,500 | — | —
TOTAL | 85,500 | 85,500 | — | — (*) | The amounts set forth in this column are the number of shares of common stock that may be offered by such Selling Securityholder using this prospectus. These amounts do not represent any other shares of our common stock that the Selling Securityholder may own beneficially or otherwise. (**) | The percentage of shares to be beneficially owned after completion of the offering is calculated on the basis of 247,489,582 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2022. (***) | Represents less than 1%. (1) | Bitfury Top HoldCo B.V. (“Bitfury Top HoldCo”) is the sole owner of Bitfury Holding B.V. (“Bitfury Holding”). As a result, Bitfury Top HoldCo may be deemed to share beneficial ownership the shares of common stock held by Bitfury Holding. Valerijs Vavilovs is the sole owner of V3 Holding Limited (“V3”), which is the majority owner of Bitfury Group Limited (“BGL”). BGL is the sole owner of Bitfury Top HoldCo. As a result of the foregoing relationships, each of Mr. Vavilovs, V3 and BGL may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the common stock beneficially owned by Bitfury Top HoldCo. The business address of Bitfury Top HoldCo, Bitfury Holding and Mr. Vavilovs is Strawinskylaan 3051, 1077ZX Amsterdam, the Netherlands, the business address of V3 is 4th Floor Harbour Place, 103 South Church Street, PO Box 10240, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1002, Cayman Islands, BS1 6EG, the business address of BGL is 6th Floor One London Wall, London, United Kingdom EC2Y 5EB. (2) | Bitfury Group Limited (“BGL”) is the sole owner of Bitfury Top HoldCo. The majority owner of BGL is V3 Holding Limited (“V3”), whose sole owner is Valerijs Vavilovs. As a result of the foregoing relationships, each of Mr. Vavilovs, V3 and BGL may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the common stock beneficially owned by Bitfury Top HoldCo. The business address of Bitfury Top HoldCo, Bitfury Holding and Mr. Vavilovs is Strawinskylaan 3051, 1077ZX Amsterdam, the Netherlands, the business address of V3 is 4th Floor Harbour Place, 103 South Church Street, PO Box 10240, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1002, Cayman Islands, BS1 6EG, the business address of BGL is 6th Floor One London Wall, London, United Kingdom EC2Y 5EB. (3) | Boothbay Fund Management, LLC is the investment manager of Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP (the “Fund”), and has appointed ATW SPAC Management LLC (“ATW”) as a subadvisor with limited authority to trade on behalf of the Fund. Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez is the managing member of ATW and in 26 Table of Contents that capacity has discretionary authority to direct decisions regarding voting and disposition of the shares held by Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP in the account subject to the discretionary authority of ATW and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Boothbay Fund Management, LLC and Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP is 140 E 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The business address for ATW SPAC Management LLC is 17 State Street, 2100, New York, NY 10004. (4) | Gray’s Creek Capital Partners Fund I, LP is managed by Gray’s Creek Capital Advisors, LLC and Gray’s Creek Capital Partners, GP. Jason R. Little and Gerrit B. Parker are the natural persons who have voting or investment control over the shares held by Gray’s Creek Capital Advisors, LLC and Gray’s Creek Capital Partners, GP, and thus have voting or investment control over the securities being offered. The business address of the foregoing individuals and entities is 500 Post Road East, Suite 233 Westport, CT 06880. (5) | Shelley Leonard is a managing member of I-B Good Works, LLC and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the common stock held by I-B Good Works, LLC. Shelley Leonard disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of any pecuniary interests therein. The business address of Shelley Leonard is 2500 N Military Trail, Suite 160-A, Boca Raton, FL 33431. (6) | Shelley Leonard is a president of IBS Holding Corp. and may be deemed to have a discretionary voting and investment authority with respect to the common stock held by IBS Holding Corp. The business address of Shelley Leonard is 2500 N Military Trail, Suite 160-A, Boca Raton, FL 33431. (7) | Iridian Asset Management LLC (“Iridian Asset Management”) is the investment manager of Iridian Raven Fund, LP and has voting and investment power over the securities being registered for resale. Todd D. Raker exercises control over Iridian Asset Management LLC and voting investment power over the shares, and disclaim beneficial ownership of such shares. The business address of the foregoing entities and individual is 276 Post Road West, Westport, CT 06880. (8) | Brian Rathjen is a managing member of KC Cipher SPV, LLC and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the common stock held by KC Cipher SPV, LLC. Brian Rathjen disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of any pecuniary interests therein. The business address of the foregoing individual and entity is 39 Broadway, Suite 1640, New York, NY 10005. (9) | Kepos Capital LP is the investment manager of Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. and Kepos Partners LLC is the General Partner of Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. and each may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the common shares. The general partner of Kepos Capital LP is Kepos Capital GP LLC and the Managing Member of Kepos Partners LLC is Kepos Partners MM LLC. Mark Carhart controls Kepos Capital GP LLC and Kepos Partners MM LLC and, accordingly, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the common shares held by Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. Mr. Carhart disclaims beneficial ownership of the common shares held by Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. The business address of Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. is 11 Times Square, 35th Floor, New York, New York 10036. (10) | Kepos Capital LP is the investment manager of Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P. and Kepos Partners LLC is the General Partner of Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P. and each may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the common shares. The general partner of Kepos Capital LP is Kepos Capital GP LLC and the Managing Member of Kepos Partners LLC is Kepos Partners MM LLC. Mark Carhart controls Kepos Capital GP LLC and Kepos Partners MM LLC and, accordingly, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the common shares held by Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P. Mr. Carhart disclaims beneficial ownership of the common shares held by Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P. The business address of Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P. is 11 Times Square, 35th Floor, New York, New York 10036. (11) | Shaolin Capital Management LLC (“Shaolin”) serves as the investment advisor to MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC. David Puritz is the managing member of Shaolin and in that capacity has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares held by MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Shaolin is 7620 NE 4th Court, Miami FL 33138. 27 Table of Contents (12) | Includes 28,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Private Placement Warrants. The registered holders of the referenced securities to be registered are the following funds and accounts that are managed by Magnetar Financial LLC (“MFL”), which serves as investment manager of each Purpose Alternative Credit Fund—F LLC, Purpose Alternative Credit Fund—T LLC, Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd., Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd., Magnetar SC Fund Ltd., and Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd. MFL is the manager of Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC. MFL is the general partner of Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP (together with all of the foregoing funds, the “Magnetar Funds”). In such capacities, MFL exercises voting and investment power over the securities listed above held for the accounts of the Magnetar Funds. MFL is a registered investment adviser under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Magnetar Capital Partners LP (“MCP”) is the sole member and parent holding company of MFL. Supernova Management LLC (“Supernova”) is the sole general partner of MCP. The manager of Supernova is Alec N. Litowitz, a citizen of the United States of America. Each of the Magnetar Funds, MFL, MCP, Supernova and Alec N. Litowitz disclaim beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest in the securities. Shares and warrants shown include only the securities being registered for resale and may not incorporate all interests deemed to be beneficially held by the registered holders described above or by other investment funds managed or advised by MFL. (13) | Meteora Capital, LLC (“Meteora Capital”) serves as investment manager to Meteora Special Opportunity Fund i, LP, and voting and investment power over the shares held by Meteora Special Opportunity Fund i, LP resides with Meteora Capital. Mr. Vik Mittal serves as the managing member of Meteora Capital and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock held by such entities. Mr. Mittal disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entities. The business address of Meteora Special Opportunity Fund i, LP, Meteora Capital and Mr. Mittal is 840 Park Drive East, Boca Raton, Florida 33444. (14) | Mission Gate Inc. is a venture capital firm, managing the private wealth of George Bachiashvili, its sole shareholder and director, exclusively. Business address of the entity is Hunkins Waterfront Plaza, Suite 556, Main Street, Charlestown, Nevis. (15) | Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. is the investment adviser of Bell Atlantic Master Trust and holds voting and dispositive power with respect to shares of record held by Bell Atlantic Master Trust. The address of Bell Atlantic Master Trust is 522 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10036. (16) | Owl Creek GP, LLC is the general partner of Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P, the investment manager to Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. Jeffrey Altman is the managing member of Owl Creek GP, LLC and in that capacity has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares held by Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Owl Creek GP, LLC is 640 Fifth Ave, Floor 20, New York, New York 10019. (17) | Voting and investment power over the interests held by Peridian Fund, L.P. (“Peridian”) resides with its investment manager, Periscope Capital Inc. Jamie Wise is the Chief Executive Officer of Periscope Capital Inc. and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the interests held by Peridian. Jamie Wise and Periscope Capital Inc., however, disclaim any beneficial ownership of the interests held by Peridian. The address of the foregoing individual and entities is c/o 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, ON, M5H 2R2. (18) | Includes 28,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of GWAC Private Placement Warrants. Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (“Polar Fund”) is under management by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (“PAMPI”). PAMPI serves as investment advisor of the Polar Fund and has control and discretion over the shares held by the Polar Fund. As such, PAMPI may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares held by the Polar Fund. PAMPI disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address of the Polar Fund is c/o Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON M5J 0E6. (19) | Sea Otter Securities Group is a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member. Peter Smith, Peter Wisniewski and Nick Fahey may be deemed to have voting and investment power over the shares held by Sea Otter Securities Group. The business address of such holder is 107 Grand Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10013. 28 Table of Contents (20) | Shaolin Capital Management LLC (“Shaolin”) serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company. David Puritz is the managing member of Shaolin and in that capacity has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares held by Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Shaolin is 7620 NE 4th Court, Miami FL 33138. (21) | Shaolin Capital Management LLC (“Shaolin”) serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC. David Puritz is the managing member of Shaolin and in that capacity has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares held by Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. The business address of Shaolin is 7620 NE 4th Court, Miami FL 33138. (22) | Includes 28,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Private Placement Warrants. Voting and investment power over the assets held by Stichting Juridisch Eigendom Mint Tower Arbitrage Fund (“MTAF”) resides with its investment manager, Mint Tower Capital Management B.V.. Ramon Heusen, Joris Paulus Hoedemaekers, Marcel Voogel and Wilrik Fokko Sinia are the directors of Mint Tower Capital Management B.V. and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the interests held by MTAF. Ramon Heusen, Joris Paulus Hoedemaekers, Marcel Voogel, Wilrik Fokko Sinia and Mint Tower Capital Management B.V., however, disclaim any beneficial ownership of the assets held by MTAF. The business address of the foregoing entities is Beursplein 5, 1012 JW Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (23) | EVC Fintech Management LLC is the investment manager acting with sole discretionary authority for the Selling Securityholder. Roman Sobachevskiy has sole voting and investment discretion of EVC Fintech Management LLC. EVC Fintech Management LLC and Roman Sobachevskiy both disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities owned by the Selling Securityholder. The business address of the foregoing individual and entities is 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, DE 19958. (24) | Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd is a private investment fund managed by Walleye Capital LLC. William England serves as the Chief Investment Officer of Walleye Capital LLC. As a result, Walleye Capital LLC and Mr. England may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. Walleye Capital LLC and Mr. England disclaim beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of each of their pecuniary interest therein. (25) | Walleye Trading LLC is a broker/dealer managed by Walleye Capital LLC. Andrew Carney serves as the CEO of Walleye Trading LLC. As a result, Walleye Capital LLC and Mr. Carney may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by Walleye Trading LLC. Walleye Capital LLC and Mr. Carney disclaim beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of each of their pecuniary interest therein. 29 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We or the Selling Securityholders may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, negotiated transactions, block trades
or a combination of these methods or through underwriters or dealers, through agents and/or directly to one or more purchasers. The securities may be distributed from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; • | at negotiated prices; • | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchasers; or • | any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. When we or any of the Selling Securityholders sell securities covered by this prospectus, we or the Selling Securityholders will provide a prospectus
supplement or supplements that will describe the method of distribution and set forth the terms and conditions of the offering of such securities, including the offering price of the securities and the proceeds to the Selling Securityholders, if
applicable. Offers to purchase the securities being offered by this prospectus may be solicited directly. Agents may also be designated to solicit offers
to purchase the securities from time to time. Any agent involved in the offer or sale of our securities will be identified in a prospectus supplement. If
any Selling Securityholder notifies us that a material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of securities through a block trade, special offering or secondary distribution or a purchase by a broker or dealer, we may be
required to file a prospectus supplement pursuant to the applicable rules promulgated under the Securities Act. A Selling Securityholder that is an
entity may elect to make an in-kind distribution of the securities covered by this prospectus to its members, partners or shareholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part by delivering a prospectus. To the extent that such members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders are not affiliates of ours, such members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders would thereby receive freely tradable securities
pursuant to a distribution pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we may file a prospectus supplement in order
to permit the distributees to use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution. The Selling Securityholder may, from time to
time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the securities owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the securities, from time to time,
under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending the list of Selling Securityholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successor-in-interest as Selling Securityholders under this prospectus. The Selling Securityholders also may transfer the securities in other circumstances, in which case the
transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus after they have provided to us certain documentation. The aggregate proceeds to the Selling Securityholders from the sale of the securities offered by them will be the purchase price of the securities less
discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the Selling Securityholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of securities to be made directly or through
agents. 30 Table of Contents If a dealer is utilized in the sale of the securities being offered by this prospectus, the securities will
be sold to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. If an underwriter is utilized in the sale of the securities being offered by this prospectus, an underwriting agreement will be executed with the underwriter
at the time of sale and the name of any underwriter will be provided in the prospectus supplement that the underwriter will use to make resales of the securities to the public. In connection with the sale of the securities, the Selling
Securityholders, or the purchasers of securities for whom the underwriter may act as agent, may compensate the underwriter in the form of underwriting discounts or commissions. The underwriter may sell the securities to or through dealers, and those
dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for which they may act as agent. Unless otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, an agent will
be acting on a best efforts basis and a dealer will purchase securities as a principal, and may then resell the securities at varying prices to be determined by the dealer. The Selling Securityholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the
meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or
discounts under the Securities Act. Any compensation paid to underwriters, dealers or agents in connection with the offering of the securities, and any discounts, concessions or commissions allowed by underwriters to participating dealers will be
provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. Underwriters, dealers and agents participating in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any discounts
and commissions received by them and any profit realized by them on resale of the securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. In connection with the sale of our securities, unless otherwise restricted by a contractual agreement or, in the case of a Selling Securityholder who is an
employee, our insider trading policy, the Selling Securityholder may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the
positions they assume. The Selling Securityholders may also sell our securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The
Selling Securityholders may also enter into option, forward or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial
institution of securities registered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). There can be no assurance that any Selling Securityholder will sell any or all of the securities registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, the Selling Securityholder may also sell securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, or in other transactions exempt from registration, rather than under this prospectus. The
Selling Stockholder has the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of securities if they deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, securities may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed
brokers or dealers. The Selling Securityholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares of
securities against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Once sold under the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part, the securities will be freely tradeable in the hands of persons other than our affiliates. 31 Table of Contents Other than our common stock and our outstanding public warrants to purchase common stock, each of which is
listed on Nasdaq, any other securities may or may not be listed on a national securities exchange. To facilitate the offering of securities, certain persons participating in the offering may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or
otherwise affect the price of the securities. This may include over-allotments or short sales of the securities, which involve the sale by persons participating in the offering of more securities than were sold to them. In these circumstances, these
persons would cover such over-allotments or short positions by making purchases in the open market or by exercising their over-allotment option, if any. In addition, these persons may stabilize or maintain the price of the securities by bidding for
or purchasing securities in the open market or by imposing penalty bids, whereby selling concessions allowed to dealers participating in the offering may be reclaimed if securities sold by them are repurchased in connection with stabilization
transactions. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. These transactions may be discontinued at any time. We may engage in at the market offerings into an existing trading market in accordance with Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. In addition, we may enter
into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement so indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the
third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by us or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales
or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and,
if not identified in this prospectus, will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may
sell the securities short using this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent
offering of other securities. The specific terms of any lock-up provisions in respect of any given offering will
be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The underwriters, dealers and agents may engage in transactions with us, or perform services for
us, in the ordinary course of business for which they receive compensation. 32 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the issuance and sale of the securities offered hereby on behalf of Cipher
Mining Inc. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements for Cipher Mining Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and January 31, 2021, and for the eleven months ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) to January 31, 2021
have been audited by Marcum LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm
given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 33 Table of Contents The information
in this prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to sell
nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion, dated September 21, 2022. PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Up to $250,000,000 Common Stock We have entered
into an at the market offering agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, or “Wainwright,” dated September 21, 2022, relating to the sale of our common stock offered by this prospectus supplement. In
accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, under this prospectus supplement we may offer and sell shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $250,000,000 from time to time through
Wainwright, acting as sales agent or principal. Until such time as the total number of our authorized shares are increased or our total number of shares outstanding decrease, we will not issue and sell more than aggregate of 212,
913,876 shares. Our common stock and public warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the
symbols “CIFR” and “CIFRW,” respectively. On September 20, 2022, the last reported sales price of our common stock was $1.47 per share and the last reported sales price of our public warrants was $0.20 per warrant. Sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus supplement will be made by any method permitted that is deemed an “at the market
offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. If we and Wainwright agree on any method of distribution other than sales of shares of our common stock on or through the Nasdaq Global
Select Market or another existing trading market in the United States at market prices, we will file a further prospectus supplement providing all information about such offering as required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. Wainwright is not
required to sell any specific amount, but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with their normal trading and sales practices on mutually agreed terms between Wainwright and us. There is no arrangement for
funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. Wainwright will be entitled to compensation at a commission rate equal
to up to 3.0% of the gross sales price of the shares of our common stock sold through it pursuant to the Sales Agreement. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page S-15 for additional
information regarding the compensation to be paid to Wainwright. In connection with the sale of the common stock on our behalf, Wainwright may be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation
of Wainwright may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to Wainwright with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We are an “emerging growth company” as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and a smaller reporting
company as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. As such, we have elected to rely on certain reduced disclosure requirements. See “ Prospectus Supplement Summary —Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller
Reporting Company ” on page S-5 of this prospectus supplement. INVESTING IN
OUR SECURITIES INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE “ RISK FACTORS ” ON PAGE S-8 OF THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND IN THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT CONCERNING FACTORS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR COMMON STOCK. Neither the Securities and Exchange
Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. H.C. Wainwright & Co. The date of this prospectus supplement is , 2022. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT | S-1
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | S-3
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY | S-5
THE OFFERING | S-7
RISK FACTORS | S-8
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | S-10
USE OF PROCEEDS | S-11
DIVIDEND POLICY | S-12
DILUTION | S-13
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | S-15
LEGAL MATTERS | S-17
EXPERTS | S-17 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This prospectus supplement is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the
SEC, utilizing a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, we may offer shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $250,000,000 from time to time under this prospectus supplement at
prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of offering. We provide information to you about this offering of
our common stock in two separate documents that are bound together: (1) this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific details regarding this offering; and (2) the accompanying base prospectus, which provides general information,
some of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer to this “prospectus supplement,” we are referring to both documents combined. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying base
prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus supplement. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in
this prospectus supplement, on the other hand, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date—for example, a
document incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement—the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. We have not, and Wainwright has not, authorized anyone to provide you with information other than that contained in this prospectus
supplement, the accompanying base prospectus and any free writing prospectus. We are not, and Wainwright is not, making an offer to sell or soliciting any offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted or
in which the person making that offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
base prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. You should read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying base prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any free
writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering in their entirety before making an investment decision. Before buying any of the common stock that we are offering, we urge you to carefully read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying base
prospectus and all of the information incorporated by reference herein and therein, as well as the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” These documents
contain important information that you should consider when making your investment decision. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers
to buy, shares of common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offering of the common stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the
United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the common stock and the distribution of this prospectus supplement outside the United
States. This prospectus supplement does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus supplement by any person in any jurisdiction in which
it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation. On August 27, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), we
consummated the business combination pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 4, 2021 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Good Works Acquisition Corp. (“GWAC” and, upon consummation of the Business
Combination described below, “Cipher”), Currency Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of GWAC (“Merger Sub”), S-1 Table of Contents and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Cipher Mining Technologies”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Cipher Mining Technologies,
the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceasing and Cipher Mining Technologies being the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cipher (the “Merger” and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, the “Business Combination”). On the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Transactions (the “Closing”), we changed our name to Cipher Mining Inc. When we refer to “Cipher,” “we,” “our,” “us” and the “Company” in this prospectus, we mean
Cipher Mining Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which was a special purpose acquisition company called “Good Works Acquisition Corp.” prior to the closing of the Business Combination. When we refer to “you,” we mean the
potential holders of the applicable series of securities. We have proprietary rights to trademarks, trade names and service marks
appearing in this prospectus that are important to our business. This prospectus supplement also includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames
referred to in this prospectus supplement appear without the ® and TM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent
under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. S-2 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY
REFERENCE Available Information We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov . Our website address is https://investors.ciphermining.com . The information on our website, however, is not, and should not be deemed to
be, a part of this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus are part of a registration
statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided below. Documents establishing the terms of the offered
securities are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying base prospectus about these documents are summaries, and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference
to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. CERTAIN INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information in this prospectus supplement, which means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus supplement, and subsequent information that we file with the
SEC will automatically update and supersede that information. Any statement contained in a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement to the extent that
a statement contained in this prospectus supplement or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus supplement incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC (other than
those documents or the portions of those documents not deemed to be filed): • | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2022. • | Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022 and August 9, 2022 , respectively. • | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2022, April 14, 2022, May 10, 2022 , September 1, 2022 and September 15, 2022 . • | The description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on October 15, 2020 and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description, including Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. All reports and other documents we
subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the “Exchange Act” in this prospectus supplement, prior to the termination of this offering,
including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration statement of which this prospectus supplement is a part and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, will also be incorporated by
reference in this prospectus supplement and deemed to be part of this prospectus supplement from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. We are not, however, incorporating by reference any documents or portions thereof, whether
specifically listed S-3 Table of Contents above or filed in the future, that are not deemed “filed” with the SEC, including our stock performance graph or any information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or related exhibits furnished pursuant to Item 9.01 of Form 8-K. You may request a free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement by writing or telephoning us at
the following address: CIPHER MINING INC. 1 VANDERBILT AVENUE, FLOOR 54, SUITE C NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017 (332) 262-2300 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically
been incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. S-4 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary provides a general overview of selected information and does not contain all of the information you should consider before
buying our common stock. Therefore, you should read this entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying base prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering carefully, including the
information incorporated by reference, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Investors should carefully consider the information set forth under “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-8 of this
prospectus supplement and incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Cipher Mining Inc. We
are an emerging technology company that operates in the Bitcoin mining ecosystem in the United States. Specifically, we plan to develop and grow a cryptocurrency mining business, specializing in Bitcoin. Our key mission is to become a leading
Bitcoin mining company in the United States. On August 27, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination with GWAC. As a
stand-alone, U.S.-based cryptocurrency mining business, specializing in Bitcoin, we have begun our buildout of cryptocurrency mining sites in the United States. We began deployment of capacity in the first quarter of 2022, with mining operations
beginning at the Alborz facility, located in Texas, in February 2022. In connection with our planned buildout, we entered into a number
of power agreements and joint venture agreements, all of which, together, are expected to cover at least four sites where we expect to begin our buildout. Pursuant to these agreements, we expect to have access, for at least five years, to an average
cost of electricity of approximately 2.7 c/kWh. We expect that this will help competitively position us to achieve our goal of becoming a leading Bitcoin mining operator in the United States. Corporate Information We
were incorporated on June 24, 2020 as a special purpose acquisition company and a Delaware corporation under the name Good Works Acquisition Corp. On October 22, 2020, GWAC completed its initial public offering. On August 27, 2021,
GWAC consummated the Business Combination with Cipher pursuant to the Merger Agreement. In connection with the Business Combination, GWAC changed its name to Cipher Mining Inc. Our address is 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, Floor 54, Suite C, New York, New
York 10017. Our telephone number is (332) 262-2300. Our website address is https://investors.ciphermining.com. Information contained on our website or connected thereto does not constitute part of, and is not
incorporated by reference into, this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part. Implications of Being an
Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in
Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in their periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our
securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. S-5 Table of Contents Further, section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being
required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with certain other public companies difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) December 31, 2025, the
last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of the initial public offering by GWAC, which closed on October 19, 2020, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal
year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging
growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. We are also a “smaller reporting company,”
meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million and our annual revenue was less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may
continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates was less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an
emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. For so long as we remain a smaller reporting company, we are permitted and intend to rely on
exemptions from certain disclosure and other requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not applicable to a smaller reporting company. S-6 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us | Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $250,000,000. Common stock outstanding prior to this offering | 247,518,966; until such time as the total number of our authorized shares are increased or our shares outstanding are decreased, we will not issue and sell more than aggregate of 212,913,876 shares. Plan of Distribution | “At the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, that may be made from time to time on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or other existing trading market for our common stock through Wainwright, as agent or principal. See the section entitled “Plan of Distribution” on page S-15 of this prospectus supplement. Use of Proceeds | We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for investment in growth and general corporate and working capital purposes. See the section entitled “ Use of Proceeds ” on page S-11 of this prospectus supplement. Risk Factors | See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-8 of this prospectus supplement and the other information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement for a discussion of certain factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. Nasdaq Global Select Market symbol | “CIFR” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding prior to this offering as shown above is
based on 247,489,582 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2022, and excludes: • | 8,613,978 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of public warrants and private placement warrants outstanding, having an exercise price of $11.50 per share; • | 8,717,904 shares of common stock subject to nonvested restricted stock units; and • | 22,235,276 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the Cipher Mining Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, or the Incentive Award Plan, as of June 30, 2022, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Plan. S-7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus involves risks. You should
carefully consider the risk factors described below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, any amendment or
update thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, including in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and all other information
contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. Risks Relating to this Offering Purchasers of common stock in this offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution in the book value of their investment. You may experience
further dilution upon exercise of options and warrants. The price per share of our common stock being offered may be higher than
the net tangible book value per share of our outstanding common stock prior to this offering. Assuming that an aggregate of 170,068,027 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $1.47 per share, the last reported sale price of our common
stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 20, 2022, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $250.0 million, and after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, new investors in this offering will
incur immediate dilution of $0.14 per share. For a more detailed discussion of the foregoing see the section entitled “Dilution” below. To the extent outstanding stock options or warrants are exercised, there will be further dilution to
new investors. In addition, to the extent we need to raise additional capital in the future and we issue additional shares of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable for our common stock, our then existing stockholders may experience
dilution and the new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock offered in this offering. We have broad discretion to determine
how to use the funds raised in this offering, and may use them in ways that may not enhance our operating results or the price of our common stock. Our management will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from this offering, and we could spend the proceeds from this offering in
ways our stockholders may not agree with or that do not yield a favorable return, if at all. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of the proceeds from this offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially
from their currently intended use. We expect to use the proceeds from this offering for general corporate and working capital purposes, which may include funding commercialization efforts and research and development activities. If we do not invest
or apply the proceeds from this offering in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may be volatile in the future. The trading price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly, as it has in the past, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or
above the purchase price. We cannot assure you that the trading price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. The trading price for our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including: • | changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; • | proposed changes to laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions relating to our business, or speculation regarding such changes; • | delays, disruptions or other failures in the supply of cryptocurrency hardware, including chips; S-8 Table of Contents • | conditions or trends in the digital assets industries and, specifically cryptoasset mining space; • | stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies; • | fluctuations in prices of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies; • | announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; • | significant lawsuits or announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of its operations or lawsuits filed against us; • | recruitment or departure of key personnel; • | investors’ general perception of our business or management; and • | other risk factors described elsewhere in our public filings. In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for cryptoasset mining stocks in particular, have experienced extreme volatility
that may have been unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price or liquidity of our common stock. In the past, when the trading price of a stock has been volatile,
holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer. If any of our stockholders were to bring such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit and the attention of
our management would be diverted from the operation of our business. Future sales or issuances of our common stock in the public markets, or the
perception of such sales, could depress the trading price of our common stock. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our
common stock or other equity-related securities in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity
securities. We may sell large quantities of our common stock at any time pursuant to this prospectus supplement or in one or more separate offerings. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of common stock or other equity-related securities
would have on the market price of our common stock. The actual number of shares we will issue under the Sales Agreement, at any one time or in
total, is uncertain. Subject to certain limitations in the Sales Agreement and compliance with applicable law, we have the
discretion to deliver a sales notice to Wainwright at any time throughout the term of the Sales Agreement. The number of shares that are sold by Wainwright after delivering a sales notice will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock
during the sales period and limits we set with Wainwright. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock during the sales period, it is not possible at this stage to predict the number of
shares that will be ultimately issued. The common stock offered hereby will be sold in “at the market offerings,” and investors who buy
shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Investors who purchase shares in this offering at different times will
likely pay different prices, and so may experience different outcomes in their investment results. We will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices, and numbers of shares sold, and there is no minimum or maximum sales
price. Investors may experience a decline in the value of their shares as a result of share sales made at prices lower than the prices they paid. S-9 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The information in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and
therein and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering contain forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “targets,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “forecasts,”
“predicts,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus include, but are not limited to statements regarding: • | our planned buildout of cryptocurrency mining sites; • | our ability to raise financing in the future; • | our future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, equity compensation, business strategy, plans, market growth and our objectives for future operations; • | our commercial partnerships and supply agreements; • | the ability to maintain the listing of our common stock and warrants on Nasdaq, and the potential liquidity and trading of such securities; • | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; • | the effects of competition and regulation on our business; • | the effects of price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets; • | the effects of global economic, business or political conditions, such as the global coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic and the disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread; and • | the value and volatility of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus supplement are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future
developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are
beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
those factors described under the heading “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and under “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You should read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any
free writing prospectuses that we have authorized for use in this offering with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. S-10 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate sales proceeds of up to $250,000,000 from time to time. Because there is no
minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any
shares under or fully utilize the Sales Agreement with Wainwright. We intend to use the net proceeds, if any, from this offering for
investment in growth and general corporate and working capital purposes. S-11 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend
upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. S-12 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in this offering, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the price per share you pay in
this offering and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering. As of June 30, 2022, we
had a net tangible book value of approximately $313,339,684, or approximately $1.27 per share of common stock based upon 247,489,582 shares outstanding. Our net tangible book value per share represents total assets less total liabilities, divided by
the number of shares of common stock outstanding at June 30, 2022. After giving effect to the sale of our common stock in the
aggregate amount of $250.0 million at an assumed offering price of $1.47 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 20, 2022, and after deducting commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of June 30, 2022 would have been $555,839,684, or $1.33 per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $0.07 per share
to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution in net tangible book value of $0.14 per share to new investors in this offering. The following table illustrates this calculation on a per share basis. The as adjusted information is illustrative only and will adjust based
on the actual price to the public, the actual number of shares sold and other terms of the offering determined at the time shares of our common stock are sold pursuant to this prospectus supplement. The as adjusted information assumes that all of
our common stock in the aggregate amount of $250.0 million is sold at the assumed offering price of $1.47 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 20, 2022. Assumed public offering price per share | $ | 1.47
Net tangible book value per share as of June 30, 2022 | $ | 1.27
Increase in net tangible book value per share attributable to the offering | 0.07
As adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to the offering | 1.33
Dilution per share to new investors participating in the offering | $ | 0.14 The shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at various prices. An increase of
$1.00 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from an assumed offering price of $1.47 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $250,000,000 is sold at that price, would cause
our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to be $1.61 per share and would increase the dilution in net tangible book value per share to new investors to $0.34 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate
offering expenses payable by us. A decrease of $1.00 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from an assumed offering price of $1.47 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common stock in the aggregate amount of
$250,000,000 is sold at that price, would cause our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to be $0.73 per share and would decrease the dilution in net tangible book value per share to new investors to $0.54 per share,
after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us. This information is supplied for illustrative purposes only. S-13 Table of Contents The above discussion and table are based on 247,489,582 shares of our common stock issued
and outstanding as of June 30, 2022, and excludes: • | 8,613,978 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding, having an exercise price of $11.50 per share; • | 8,717,904 shares of common stock subject to nonvested restricted stock units; and • | 22,235,276 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the Cipher Mining Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, or the Incentive Award Plan, as of June 30, 2022, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Plan. S-14 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We have entered into the Sales Agreement with Wainwright under which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate
gross sales price of up to $250.0 million from time to time through Wainwright acting as agent. The Sales Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus form
a part. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Wainwright may sell our
common stock by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on The Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other existing
trading market of our common stock. We may instruct Wainwright not to sell common stock if the sales cannot be effected at or above the price designated by us from time to time. We or Wainwright may suspend the offering of common stock upon notice
and subject to other conditions. We will pay Wainwright commissions, in cash, for its services in acting as agent in the sale of our
common stock. Wainwright will be entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate equal to up to 3.0% of the gross sales price per share sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to
close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. We have also agreed to reimburse Wainwright for certain specified expenses, including the fees and disbursements
of its legal counsel in an amount up to $50,000, in addition to up to $2,500 per due diligence update session for Wainwright’s counsel’s fees and any incidental expenses to be reimbursed by us. We will report at least quarterly the number
of shares of common stock sold through Wainwright under the Sales Agreement, the net proceeds to us and the compensation paid by us to Wainwright in connection with the sales of common stock. Settlement for sales of common stock will generally occur on the second business day following the date on which any sales are made, or on
some other date that is agreed upon by us and Wainwright in connection with a particular transaction, in return for payment of the net proceeds to us. Sales of our common stock as contemplated in this prospectus supplement will be settled through
the facilities of The Depository Trust Company or by such other means as we and Wainwright may agree upon. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in an escrow, trust or similar arrangement. Wainwright will use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its sales and trading practices, to sell shares of our common stock
under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. In connection with the sale of the common stock on our behalf, Wainwright will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and
the compensation of Wainwright will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to Wainwright against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The offering of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement or as
otherwise permitted therein. We or Wainwright may suspend the offering of the common stock being made through Wainwright under the Sales Agreement upon proper notice to the other party. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and trades under the symbol “CIFR.” The transfer agent of our common
stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Wainwright and its affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide,
various investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services for us and our affiliates, for which services they have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees. To the extent required by Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act, Wainwright will not engage in any market making activities involving our common stock while the offering is ongoing under this prospectus
supplement. S-15 Table of Contents This prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus in electronic format may be
made available on a website maintained by Wainwright and Wainwright may distribute this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus electronically. S-16 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the issuance and sale of the securities offered hereby on
behalf of Cipher Mining Inc. H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC is being represented in connection with this offering by Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements for Cipher Mining Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and January 31, 2021, and for the eleven
months ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) to January 31, 2021 have been audited by Marcum LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is incorporated
herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. S-17 Table of Contents Up to $250,000,000 Common Stock PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT H.C.
Wainwright & Co. , 2022 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is an estimate of the expenses (all of which are to be paid by the registrant) that we may incur in connection with the securities being
registered hereby. SEC registration fee | $ | 47,805.39 | (1)
FINRA filing fee | $ | (2)
Legal fees and expenses | $ | (2)
Accounting fees and expenses | $ | (2)
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | $ | (2)
Miscellaneous | $ | (2)
Total | $ | (2) (1) | Certain of the securities being registered hereunder were previously registered under the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-262283), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2022 and initially declared effective on January 28, 2022 (as amended, the “Prior Registration Statement”), which securities remain unsold as of the date of this registration statement. Pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6), the registration fees relating to such securities under the Prior Registration Statements will continue to be applied to such securities hereunder. (2) | These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, empowers a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation)
by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person
acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct
was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of
Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the extent a director or
officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of II-1 Table of Contents Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such
person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall,
unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145
also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the
corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides
that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Any underwriting agreement or distribution agreement that the registrant enters into with any underwriters or agents involved in the offering or sale of any
securities registered hereby may require such underwriters or dealers to indemnify the registrant, some or all of its directors and officers and its controlling persons, if any, for specified liabilities, which may include liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As permitted by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the personal liability
of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except liability for the following (i) any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to Cipher or its stockholders; (ii) acts or omissions not in good
faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL (regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases); or (iv) any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. As permitted by the DGCL, the Bylaws provide that: (i) Cipher is required to indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to very limited exceptions; (ii) Cipher may
indemnify its other employees and agents as set forth in the DGCL; (iii) Cipher is required to advance expenses, as incurred, to its directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by the
DGCL, subject to very limited exceptions; and (iv) the rights conferred in the Bylaws are not exclusive. We entered into indemnification agreements
with each director and executive officer to provide these individuals additional contractual assurances regarding the scope of the indemnification set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and to provide additional procedural
protections. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director or executive officer of Cipher for which indemnification is sought. The indemnification provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the indemnification
agreements entered into or to be entered into between us and each of our directors and executive officers may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our directors and executive officers for liabilities arising under the Securities Act.
We currently carry liability insurance for our directors and officers. We also have directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for securities
matters. II-2 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
1.2 | At The Market Offering Agreement, dated September 21, 2022, between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cipher Mining Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.)
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cipher Mining Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.)
4.1 | Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock of Cipher Mining Inc. (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A as filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021).
4.2 | Specimen Warrant Certificate of Good Works Acquisition Corp. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020, and incorporated herein by this reference.)
4.3 | Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and Good Works Acquisition Corp. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020, and incorporated herein by this reference.)
4.4* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate.
4.5* | Form of Warrant Agreement.
4.6* | Form of Warrant Certificate.
4.7* | Form of Unit Agreement.
5.1 | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP.
5.2 | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibits 5.1 and 5.2 ).
23.2 | Consent of Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.
24.1 | Powers of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page hereto).
107 | Filing Fee Table. * | To be filed by amendment or incorporated by reference in connection with the offering of the securities. Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; II-3 Table of Contents (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of
the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in
the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation
of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the
plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and (a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be
included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by
reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is a part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date
the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section
10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of
securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration
statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that
no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or
made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant
under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes
that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such
purchaser by means of any of the II-4 Table of Contents following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by
the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material
information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other
communications that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes
that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable,
each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the
registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New
York, on the 21 st day of September, 2022. CIPHER MINING INC.
By: | /s/ Tyler Page
Name: | Tyler Page
Title: | Chief Executive Officer II-6 Table of Contents POWER OF ATTORNEY Each of the undersigned officers and directors of the registrant hereby severally constitutes and appoints Tyler Page and Edward Farrell, and each of them
singly (with full power to each of them to act alone), as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution in
each of them, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, and in any and all capacities, to file and sign any and all amendments, including post-effective amendments, to this registration statement and any other registration statement
for the same offering that is to be effective under Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith and about the premises as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney shall be governed by and
construed with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal securities laws. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
registration statement has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Tyler Page Tyler Page | Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) | September 21, 2022
/s/ Edward Farrell Edward Farrell | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) | September 21, 2022
/s/ Caitlin Long Caitlin Long | Director | September 21, 2022
/s/ Holly Morrow Evans Holly Morrow Evans | Director | September 21, 2022
/s/ Robert Dykes Robert Dykes | Director | September 21, 2022
/s/ James Newsome James Newsome | Director | September 21, 2022
/s/ Cary Grossman Cary Grossman | Director | September 21, 2022
/s/ Wesley Williams Wesley Williams | Director | September 21, 2022 II-7