8-K 1 ea136931-8k_goodworks.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2021 GOOD WORKS ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39126 | 85-1614529
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification Number) 4265 San Felipe, Suite 603 Houston, Texas (Address of principal executive offices) (713) 468-2717 Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☒ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $.001 per share | GWAC | The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share | GWACW | The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement. Merger Agreement On
March [ ● ], 2021, Good Works Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ Good Works ”), entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Merger
Agreement ”), by and among Currency Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of
Good Works (“ Merger Sub ”), and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Cipher ”). The Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of Good Works and Cipher. The Business Combination The Merger Agreement provides for, among
other things, the following transactions at the closing: (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into Cipher, with Cipher as the surviving
company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Good Works (the “ Merger ”)
and, in connection with the Merger, (ii) Good Works will change its name to Cipher Mining Inc. The Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “ Business Combination ”. The Business Combination is expected to
close in the second quarter of 2021, following the receipt of the required approval by Good Works’s stockholders and the
fulfillment (or waiver) of other customary closing conditions. Business Combination Consideration In accordance with the terms and subject
to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Cipher common stock, par value $0.001 issued and outstanding shall be
converted into the right to receive four hundred thousand (400,000) shares of Good Works common stock, par value $0.001 (“ Good
Works Common Stock ”); provided that the exchange ratio shall be adjusted as needed to ensure the aggregate Merger consideration
received by the sole stockholder of Cipher equals two hundred million (200,000,000) shares of Good Works Common Stock (at a value
of ten dollars ($10.00) per share). Governance Good Works has agreed to take all action within its power as
may be necessary or appropriate such that, effective immediately after the closing of the Business Combination, Cipher Mining Inc.’s
board of directors shall consist of seven directors, which directors shall be nominated pursuant to the Merger Agreement, which
nominees include one Good Works designee. Additionally, the current Cipher management team will move to Good Works in their current
roles and titles. Representations and Warranties; Covenants The Merger Agreement contains representations,
warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type, including with respect
to the operations of Good Works and Cipher and that each of the parties have undertaken to procure approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “ HSR Act ”). In addition, Good Works has agreed to adopt
an equity incentive plan as described in the Merger Agreement. 1 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations The obligation of Good Works and Cipher
to consummate the Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the expiration
or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the approval of Good Works’s stockholders, (iii)
the approval of Cipher’s stockholders and (iv) the Registration Statement (as defined below) becoming effective. In addition, the obligation of Good Works
to consummate the Business Combination is subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions, including, but not
limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of Cipher being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations
and warranties and each of the covenants of Cipher having been performed or complied with in all material respect, (ii) the delivery
to Good Works of evidence of satisfactory Tail Insurance (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to be bound as of the closing, and
(iii) delivery of all ancillary agreements required to be executed and delivered by Cipher or its sole stockholder and (iv) no
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall have occurred. The obligation of Cipher to consummate
the Business Combination is also subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions, including, but not limited
to, (i) the representations and warranties of Good Works and Merger Sub being true and correct to the standards applicable to
such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of Good Works having been performed or complied with in all material
respects, (ii) the aggregate cash proceeds from Good Works’s trust account, together with the proceeds from the PIPE Financing
(as defined below), equaling no less than $400,000,000 (after deducting any amounts paid to Good Works stockholders that exercise
their redemption rights in connection with the Business Combination and net of unpaid transaction expenses incurred or subject
to reimbursement by Good Works), (iii) Good Works’s total outstanding Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
shall be less than twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000.00), and (iv) the approval by Nasdaq of Good Works’s listing
application in connection with the Business Combination . Termination The Merger Agreement may be terminated
under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited
to, (i) by mutual written consent of Good Works and Cipher, (ii) by Good Works if there is any breach of the representations and
warranties of Cipher or if Cipher Mining fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement, in each
case, such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties
or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified
time periods, (iii) termination by Cipher if there is any breach of the representations and warranties of Good Works or if Good
Works fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement, in each case, such that certain conditions
to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such
covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iv) subject to
certain limited exceptions, by either Good Works or Cipher if the Business Combination is not consummated within six months of
signing of the Merger Agreement, (v) by either Good Works or Cipher if certain required approvals are not obtained by Good Works
stockholders after the conclusion of a meeting of Good Works’s stockholders held for such purpose at which such stockholders
voted on such approvals, and (vi) termination by Good Works if Cipher’s sole stockholder does not deliver to Good Works
a written consent approving the Business Combination within ten business days of the Consent Solicitation Statement (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) being disseminated. If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated,
none of the parties to the Merger Agreement will have any liability or any further obligation under the Merger Agreement other
than customary confidentiality obligations, except in the case of Willful Breach (as defined in the Merger Agreement). A copy of the Merger
Agreement is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing
description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. The Merger Agreement contains representations,
warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of the Merger Agreement or other specific
dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among
the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with
negotiating such agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement are also modified in important
part by the underlying disclosure schedules which are not filed publicly and which are subject to a contractual standard of materiality
different from that generally applicable to stockholders and were used for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties rather
than establishing matters as facts. Good Works does not believe that these schedules contain information that is material to an
investment decision. 2 Good Works Sponsor Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the
Merger Agreement, Good Works, and I-B Good Works, LLC (the “ Sponsor ”) and certain other stockholders of Good
Works entered into an Acquiror Support Agreement (the “ Acquiror Support Agreement ”) pursuant to which the parties
agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of the stockholders of Good Works all of its shares of Good Works Common
Stock held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Proposals (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (ii) be bound by certain
other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect
to such securities, prior to the closing of the Business Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Acquiror Support Agreement. The foregoing description of the Acquiror
Support Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Acquiror Support Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit D to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Cipher Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the sole stockholder of Cipher representing the requisite votes necessary to approve the Business Combination entered
into support agreements (the “ Company Support Agreement ”) with Good Works and Cipher, pursuant to which such
holder agreed to (i) vote at any meeting of the stockholders of Cipher all of its Cipher Common Stock held of record or thereafter
acquired in favor of the Proposals (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and appoint Good Works as such holder’s proxy, (ii)
be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions
with respect to such securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Company Support Agreement. The foregoing description of the Company
Support Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Company Support Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit C to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Restrictive Covenant Agreements Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, Bitfury Top Holdco B.V. (“ Bitfury ”), Cipher’s sole stockholder, and Good Works entered into
a Restrictive Covenant Agreement pursuant to which Bitfury agreed, during the term of the agreement and subject to the parameters
and limitations set forth in the agreement, not to hire or solicit Cipher Mining Inc.’s employees, not to compete with Cipher
Mining Inc. and not to disparage Cipher Mining Inc. The agreement will terminate upon the earlier of seven years from the date
of its execution or the termination of the Master Services and Supply Agreement (the “ MSSA ”) between Bitfury
Holding B.V. (“ BHBV ”) and Cipher. The MSSA is included as Exhibit F to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of
the MSSA are incorporated herein by reference. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, BHBV and Good Works entered
into a Restrictive Covenant Agreement pursuant to which BHBV agreed, during the term of the agreement and subject to the parameters
and limitations set forth in the agreement, not to hire or solicit Cipher Mining Inc.’s employees, not to compete with Cipher
Mining Inc. and not to disparage Cipher Mining Inc.. The agreement will terminate upon the earlier of seven years from the date
of its execution or the termination of the MSSA. The foregoing description of the respective
Restrictive Covenant Agreements is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Restrictive
Covenant Agreement, copies of which are included as Exhibits G and H to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated
herein by reference. 3 PIPE Financing (Private Placement) Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, Good Works entered into subscription agreements (the “ Subscription Agreements ”) with certain investors
(the “ PIPE Investors ”). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for
and purchase, and Good Works agreed to issue and sell to such investors, immediately following the Closing (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), an aggregate of 37,500,000 shares of Good Works Common Stock for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for aggregate
gross proceeds of $375,000,000 (the “ PIPE Financing ”). The closing of the PIPE Financing is contingent
upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Business Combination. The Subscription Agreements provide
that Good Works will grant the investors in the PIPE Financing certain customary registration rights. The foregoing description of the Subscription
Agreements and the PIPE Financing is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Subscription
Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Bitfury Private Placement Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement and the execution of the Subscription Agreements with the PIPE Investors, Bitfury agreed to subscribe for and purchase,
and Good Works agreed to issue and sell to Bitfury, concurrent with the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement), an aggregate
of 5,000,000 shares of Good Works Common Stock in exchange for a benefit-in-kind commitment as payment for such shares (the “Bitfury
Private Placement”) pursuant to a subscription agreement with Good Works (the “ Bitfury Subscription Agreement ”).
Bitfury agreed to cause BHBV to discount the Service Fees (as that term is defined in the MSSA) charged by BHBV under the MSSA
as follows: that the first $200,000,000 of Service Fees payable by Cipher to BHBV under the MSSA described above shall be subject
to a discount of 25%, to be applied at the point of invoicing and shown as a separate line item on each relevant invoice. For the
avoidance of doubt, when the aggregate value of such discount reaches $50,000,000, such discount shall automatically cease to apply.
Such discount shall constitute BHBV’s benefit-in-kind commitment as payment on behalf of its parent entity, for the issuance
of the 5,000,000 shares of Good Works Common Stock pursuant to the Bitfury Private Placement. The foregoing description of the Bitfury
Subscription Agreement and the Bitfury Private Placement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Bitfury Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated
herein by reference. Lock-Ups The Sponsor, certain holders of Good Works
Common Stock, and Bitfury, Cipher’s sole stockholder immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, will
enter into lock-up agreements (the “ Lock-Up Agreements ”) and be subject to post-closing lock-ups with respect
to their shares of Good Works Common Stock (but excluding any Private Placement Units, which are units that were issued in a private
placement to Good Works’ anchor investors simultaneously with the closing of its initial public offering; each unit consists
of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one warrant and were purchased at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit and
excluding any shares of Good Works Common Stock issued to Bitfury in the Bitfury Private Placement, which are subject to a separate
lock-up restriction, as described in the Bitfury Subscription Agreement); provided that the term of the Lock-Up shall be two years
and the Lock-up will allow certain amounts of the shares to be publicly sold after 180 days, subject, in each case, to customary
terms and conditions. The foregoing description of the Lock-Up
Agreements is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Lock-Up Agreements, copies
of which are included as Exhibit O and Exhibit N to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. 4 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement At the closing of the Business Combination,
the Sponsor, certain stockholders of Good Works, and Bitfury (collectively, the “ Holders ”) will enter into
an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”) with Good Works
pursuant to which, among other things, the parties thereto will be granted certain customary registrant rights with respect to
shares of Good Works Common Stock. The foregoing description of the Registration
Rights Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Registration Rights Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit E to Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The disclosure set forth above in Item 1.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. The shares of Good Works Common Stock to be offered and
sold in connection with the PIPE Financing have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption provided
in Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. On March 5, 2021, Good Works and Cipher
issued a press release announcing their entry into the Merger Agreement. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1
and incorporated by reference herein. Furnished as Exhibit
99.2 hereto and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is the investor presentation that Good Works and Cipher have prepared
for use in connection with the announcement of the Business Combination. The foregoing (including Exhibits 99.1 and
99.2) is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that
section, nor will it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Additional Information and Where to Find It This Current Report
relates to a proposed business combination between Good Works and Cipher. This document does not constitute an offer to sell
or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Good Works intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a
proxy statement of Good Works, an information statement of Cipher and a prospectus of Good Works. The proxy
statement/information statement/prospectus will be sent to all Good Works and Cipher stockholders as of a record date to be
established for voting on the proposed business combination and the other matters to be voted upon at a meeting of Good
Works’ stockholders to be held to approve the proposed business combination and other matters (the “ Special
Meeting ”). Good Works may also file other documents regarding the proposed business combination with the SEC. The
definitive proxy statement/information statement/prospectus will contain important information about the proposed business
combination and the other matters to be voted upon at the Special Meeting and is not intended to provide the basis for any
investment decision or any other decision in respect of such matters. Before making any voting decision, investors and
security holders of Good Works and Cipher are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/information
statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the
proposed business combination as they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed
business combination. Investors and security holders will be
able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/information statement/prospectus, and all other relevant documents filed or that
will be filed with the SEC by Good Works, through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to
Good Works Acquisition Corp., 4265 San Felipe, Suite 603, Houston, TX 77027, attention: Cary Grossman or by contacting Morrow Sodali
LLC, Good Works’s proxy solicitor, for help, toll-free at (800) 662-5200 (banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400)
or may contact Morrow Sodali LLC via email to GWAC.info@investor.morrowsodali.com. 5 Participants in the Solicitation Good Works, Cipher and
their respective directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed
to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Good Works’ stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction.
Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of Good Works’
directors and executive officers in Good Works’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020,
which was filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021. To the extent that holdings of Good Works securities have changed since
the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership
on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation
of proxies of Good Works’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus
for the proposed transaction when available. Information concerning the interests of Good Works’ participants in the solicitation,
which may, in some cases, be different than those of Good Works Acquisition Corp.’s equity holders generally, will be
set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. Forward Looking Statements This document contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the proposed business combination between Good Works
and Cipher, including statements regarding the benefits of the proposed business combination, the anticipated timing of the proposed
business combination, the services offered by Cipher and the markets in which Cipher operates, business strategies, debt levels,
industry environment, potential growth opportunities, the effects of regulations and Good Works’ or Cipher’s projected
future results. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,”
“expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,”
“forecast,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,”
“would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “positions,”
“enables” and similar expressions (including the negative versions of such words or expressions). Forward-looking statements are predictions,
projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are
subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements in this document, including but not limited to: (i) the risk that the proposed business combination may not be completed
in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of Good Works’ securities; (ii) the risk that the proposed
business combination may not be completed by Good Works’ business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain
an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by Good Works; (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation
of the proposed business combination, including the approval of the proposed business combination by the stockholders of Good Works,
the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following redemptions by Good Works’ public stockholders and the receipt
of certain governmental and regulatory approvals; (iv) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed business combination
on Cipher’s business relationships, performance, and business generally; (v) risks that the proposed business combination
disrupts current plans of Cipher and potential difficulties in Cipher employee retention as a result of the proposed business combination;
(vi) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Good Works or Cipher related to the agreement and plan
of merger or the proposed business combination; (vii) the ability to maintain the listing of Good Works’ securities on the
NASDAQ; (viii) the price of Good Works’ securities, including volatility resulting from changes in the competitive and highly
regulated industries in which Cipher plans to operate, variations in performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations
affecting Cipher’s business and changes in the combined capital structure; and (ix) the ability to implement business plans,
forecasts, and other expectations after the completion of the proposed business combination, and identify and realize additional
opportunities. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other
risks and uncertainties described in Good Works’ final proxy statement/information statement/prospectus contained in the
Form S-4 registration statement described below, including those under “Risk 6 Factors”
therein, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents filed by Good Works from time to
time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These filings identify and address other
important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to
put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Good Works and Cipher assume no obligation and, except as required by
law, do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise. Neither Good Works nor Cipher gives any assurance that either Good Works or Cipher will achieve its
expectations. Disclaimer This communication is for informational
purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase, nor a solicitation of an offer to sell, subscribe for or buy, any securities
or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Business Combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale,
issuance or transfer or securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made
except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
2.1† | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March [ ● ] , 2021, by and among Good Works Acquisition Corp., Currency Merger Sub, Inc., and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
10.1 | Form of Subscription Agreement.
10.2 | Bitfury Subscription Agreement.
99.1 | Press Release, dated March 5, 2021.
99.2 | Investor Presentation. † | Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 7 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 5, 2021 GOOD WORKS ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Fred Zeidman
Name: | Fred Zeidman
Title: | Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman 8