10-K 1 f10k2020_propertysolution.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ☒ ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 OR ☐ TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO Commission File Number 001-39125 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS
ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 84-4720320
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 654 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10065 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) (646) 502-9845 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | PSACU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Common stock, $0.0001 per share | PSAC | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | PSACW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As of June 30, 2020, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant’s
shares of common stock were not publicly traded. Accordingly, there was no market value for the registrant’s shares of common stock
on such date. As of March 31, 2021, there are 29,516,511
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I | 1
ITEM 1. BUSINESS | 1
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS | 13
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS | 29
ITEM 2. PROPERTY | 29
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS | 29
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES | 29
PART II | 30
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES | 30
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA | 30
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 30
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK | 34
PART III | 35
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT | 35
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 39
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS | 39
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE | 41
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES | 42
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, AND SCHEDULES | 43
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY | 43 i Unless otherwise stated, references in this Annual
Report on From 10-K to: “common stock” are to our common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share; “equity-linked securities” refers
to any debt or equity securities issued in a transaction, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt, that are
convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of common stock; “initial stockholders” are to our
stockholders prior to our initial public offering (excluding EarlyBirdCapital); “management” “management team”
are to our officers and directors; “Nasdaq” means the Nasdaq Capital
Market; “private units” are to units issued
to the sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; “public shares” are to shares of
our common stock sold as part of the units sold in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in such offering or thereafter
in the open market); “public stockholders” are to the
holders of our public shares, including our sponsor (as defined below), officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares,
provided that their status as “public stockholders” shall only exist with respect to such public shares; “public warrants” are to our redeemable
warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to
third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation
of our initial business combination; “SEC” are to the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission; “sponsor” are to Property Solutions
Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a company affiliated with our officers and directors; “units” are to units consisting of
one share of common stock and one warrant; “warrants” are to our redeemable
warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share; and “we,” “us,” “our,”
and “company” are to Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. ii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; RISK FACTORS SUMMARY This annual report, including, without limitation,
statements under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words “believes,” “estimates,”
“anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “may,” “will,”
“potential,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,” or “should,” or, in each
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially
differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition
or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based
on management’s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited
to our: ● | ability to complete our initial business combination with FF Intelligent Mobility Global Holdings Ltd., or any other initial business combination;
● | success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following an initial business combination;
● | officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;
● | potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete an initial business combination;
● | pool of prospective target businesses;
● | failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination;
● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
● | potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock;
● | public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
● | lack of a market for our securities;
● | use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or
● | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future
developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
(some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those
factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under “Risk Factors”
may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, those results
or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. iii Risk Factors Summary ● | We are an early stage company and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. ● | Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. ● | If the funds held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least 21 months following the initial public offering, we may be unable to complete a business combination. ● | A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. ● | Since we have not selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. ● | Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. ● | Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. ● | Our officers and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated with other entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. ● | EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. ● | The ability of our stockholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. ● | In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. ● | If, in connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. ● | We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. ● | Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. ● | The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. iv ● | We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. ● | Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. ● | Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. ● | There may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. ● | We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. ● | If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. ● | If we effect a business combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. ● | If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. ● | If we acquire a company servicing the real estate industry, our future operations may be subject to risks associated with this sector. ● | If we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 21 months before receiving distributions from the trust account. ● | We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. ● | If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than $10.00. ● | Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. ● | Our directors may decide not to enforce our sponsor’s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. ● | If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis.” ● | An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. ● | The private warrants may be exercised at a time when the public warrants may not be exercised. ● | We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. ● | Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. v ● | We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. ● | Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. ● | We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. ● | Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. ● | If our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. ● | Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” ● | Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. ● | You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. ● | Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. ● | Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. vi PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on February 11, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which
we refer to as a “target business.” Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K we will refer to this as our initial business
combination. In February 2020, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000
shares of our common stock, which we refer to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as “founders’ shares,” for an aggregate
purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to our initial stockholders. In February 2020, we also issued to designees
of EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”) an aggregate of 200,000 shares of common stock, which we refer to in this
Form 10-K as “representative shares,” at a price of $0.0001 per share. In July 2020, we closed our initial public offering
for the sale of an aggregate of 22,977,568 units at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $229,775,680. Simultaneously
with the consummation of the initial public offering, the company consummated the private placement of 594,551 private units at a price
of $10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds of $5,945,513, to the company’s initial stockholders and EarlyBirdCapital,
the sole book-running manager of our initial public offering. A total of $229,775,680 of the net proceeds of the sale of the units in
our initial public offering and the sale of the private units was placed in a trust account (the “trust account”) located
in the United States. Proposed Business Combination with FF Intelligent
Mobility Global Holdings Ltd. Merger Agreement On January 27, 2021, the company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (“Merger Agreement”) by and among the company, PSAC Merger Sub, Ltd., an exempted company
with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and wholly-owned subsidiary of the company (“Merger Sub”),
and FF Intelligent Mobility Global Holdings Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands (“FF”). FF is a global mobility technology company that designs and engineers next-generation smart electric connected
vehicles. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub
will merge with and into FF, with FF surviving the merger (the “Merger” and, together with the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”). As a result of the Transactions, FF will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the company, with the stockholders of FF becoming stockholders of the company, which will be renamed “Faraday Future Intelligent
Electric, Inc.” (“New FF”). Under the Merger Agreement, the outstanding FF
shares and the outstanding FF converting debt will be converted into a number of shares of new Class A common stock of the company following
the Transactions and, for FF Top Holdings Ltd. (“FF Top”), shares of new Class B common stock of the company (referred to
herein after the Transactions as “New FF common stock”) following the Transactions based on an exchange ratio (the “Exchange
Ratio”), the numerator of which is equal to (i)(A) the number of shares of Company common stock equal to $2,716,000,000 (plus net
cash of FF, less debt of FF, plus debt of FF that will be converted into shares of Company common stock, plus any additional bridge loan
in an amount not to exceed $100,000,000), (B) divided by $10, minus (ii) an additional 25,000,000 shares which may be issuable to FF stockholders
as additional consideration upon certain price thresholds, and the denominator of which is equal to the number of outstanding shares
of FF, including shares issuable upon exercise of vested FF options and vested FF warrants (in each case assuming cashless exercise)
and upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes. Additionally, each FF option or FF warrant that
is outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (and by its terms will not terminate upon the closing of the Merger) will
remain outstanding and convert into the right to purchase a number of shares of Company Class A common stock equal to the number of FF
ordinary shares subject to such option or warrant multiplied by the Exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the current
exercise price per share for such option or warrant divided by the Exchange Ratio. The Transactions are expected to be consummated
in the second quarter of 2021, after the required approval by the stockholders of and the fulfillment of certain other conditions. 1 Registration Rights Agreement At the closing of the Merger, certain of FF’s
stockholders and other parties thereto will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the “Registration
Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which the company will agree to file a shelf registration statement with respect to the registrable
securities under the Registration Rights Agreement. The company also will agree to provide customary “piggyback” registration
and underwritten offering rights. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides that the company will pay certain expenses relating
to such registrations and indemnify the stockholders against certain liabilities. Shareholder Agreement At the closing of the Merger, the company and
FF Top will enter into a Shareholder Agreement (the “Shareholder Agreement”), pursuant to which (a) the company and FF Top
will agree on the initial composition of New FF’s board of directors and (b) so long as FF Top beneficially owns shares of issued
and outstanding New FF common stock representing in excess of 5% voting power, FF Top will have the right to nominate a specified number
of directors on New FF’s board of directors, based on FF Top’s voting power of the issued and outstanding New FF common stock,
a sufficient number of which will be independent such that New FF’s board of directors would be comprised of a majority of independent
directors assuming the election of the FF Top designees and the other members of New FF’s board of directors. Subscription Agreements On January 27, 2021, in connection with and concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the company entered into separate Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors
or qualified institutional buyers (collectively, the “Subscription Investors”). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements,
the Subscription Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the company agreed to issue and sell, to the Subscription Investors
an aggregate of 77,500,000 shares of common stock of the company for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of approximately
$775 million, in a private placement. 17,500,000 of such shares ($175 million in net proceeds) will be issued to an anchor investor and
the issuance of such shares is subject to certain regulatory approvals. Also on January 27, 2021, the company entered into additional
Subscription Agreements with Subscription Investors in the amount of 2,000,000 shares of shares of common stock of the company for a
purchase price of $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of approximately $20 million, which increases the total amount of the private placement
pursuant to the Subscription Agreements to 79,500,000 shares of common stock of the company for a purchase price of $10.00 per share,
or an aggregate of approximately $795 million. The Subscription Agreements require the company to have an effective shelf registration
statement registering the resale of the shares of company common stock held by the Subscription Investors within 60 calendar days (or
90 calendar days if the SEC notifies the company that it will review the registration statement) following the closing of the Transactions. The closing of the private placement will occur
on the date of and immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions and is conditioned thereon and on other customary closing
conditions. Shareholder Support Agreements In connection with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, FF Top, Season Smart Ltd. and Founding Future Creditors Trust (the “Supporting FF Shareholders”) have entered
into support agreements pursuant to which each Supporting FF Shareholder has agreed, among other things, to approve or vote in favor
of the Transactions, against any action or proposal involving the company or any of its subsidiaries that is intended to, or would reasonably
be expected to, prevent, impede or adversely affect the Transactions in any material respect, and promptly execute the definitive documents,
agreements and filings (including with applicable governmental authorities) related to the Transactions reasonably required to be executed
by such Supporting FF Shareholder in furtherance of the Transactions subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. For additional information regarding the Transactions,
FF, the Merger Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Shareholder
Support Agreements and the other agreements entered into in connection with the Transactions, including risk and uncertainties with respect
to FF and the parties’ ability to consummate the Transactions, see the Registration Statement on Form S-4, including a proxy statement/consent
solicitation statement/prospectus included therein, to be filed by the company with the SEC in connection with the Transactions. Other than as specifically discussed, the disclosures
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not assume the closing of the Transactions. 2 Our Management Team Our management team is led by co-Chief Executive
Officers Jordan Vogel and Aaron Feldman. With a combined 34 years of real estate experience, Messrs. Vogel and Feldman bring a unique
track record, entrepreneurial success, long-standing relationships and deep expertise that is suited to take advantage of acquisition
opportunities and to create shareholder value. Our management team’s contacts and relationships includes venture capital funds,
founders of technology enabled service providers, and entrepreneurs. We anticipate that target business candidates
may be brought to our attention from various sources, including private equity and venture capital groups, investment banking firms,
consultants, legal and accounting firms and large business enterprises. We have a highly accomplished and engaged team
of independent directors who are highly experienced in public company governance, executive leadership, operations oversight and capital
markets. Our board members have served as directors, officers, partners, executives and advisors for publicly-listed and privately-owned
companies and private equity and venture capital firms. Our directors have extensive experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate
strategy and possess relevant domain expertise in the sectors where we expect to source business combination targets. We believe their
collective expertise, contacts and relationships make us a highly desirable merger partner. For more information on our executive officers
and directors, see Item 10 “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” included in Part II of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, past performance
of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical performance
record of our management team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members
of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. Our officers and directors have no experience
with special purpose acquisition companies. Competitive Strengths Alternative Path to Becoming Public We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to prospective target businesses that desires to become a publicly listed company. A business combination
with us will offer a target business an alternative process to a public listing rather than the traditional initial public offering process.
We believe that target businesses may favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of
execution than the traditional initial public offering. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders
and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering
from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with shareholders’ interests than it would as a private company. A public company can offer
further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management.
With public company corporate governance standards, a target business may become attractive to the public investors. Strong and Stable Financial Position with
Flexibility With funds and marketable securities in the trust
account of $229,884,479 (as of December 31, 2020) available to use for a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of
options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing
capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because
we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, there can be no assurance that third-party financing will be available to us. 3 Effecting a Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will
not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds
of the initial public offering and the private placement of private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting
a business combination. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial
additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse
consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance
with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that
may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations
with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single
business combination. Sources of Target Businesses We believe based on our management’s business
knowledge and past experience that there are numerous potential candidates with which to consummate our initial business combination.
We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses is through the extensive contacts and relationships of
our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount
of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships
they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor’s contacts and resources will generate a number of potential
business combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds,
leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our
attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce
us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will know what types
of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors must present to us
all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account at the time of
the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis (other than EarlyBirdCapital as described elsewhere in Annual Report of From 10-K), we may engage these firms or
other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the $10,000 per month
administrative fee payable to Benchmark Real Estate Group, an affiliate of our executive officers (described elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K), the payment of consulting, success or finder fees in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination,
the repayment of a $150,000 loan made by our executive officers to us and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee
will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates,
with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a
business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted
from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent
directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. 4 Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business
Combination Subject to our management team’s pre-existing
fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust
account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail,
and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in
identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise)
for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including
one or more of the following: ● | financial condition and results of operation; ● | growth potential; ● | brand recognition and potential; ● | experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; ● | capital requirements; ● | competitive position; ● | barriers to entry; ● | stage of development of the products, processes or services; ● | existing distribution and potential for expansion; ● | degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; ● | proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; ● | impact of regulation on the business; ● | regulatory environment of the industry; ● | costs associated with effecting the business combination; ● | industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and ● | macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 5 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors
as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although
we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. After initially evaluating several companies
operating in the real estate and related industries, we expanded our search to include companies operating in other industries. In considering
the Transactions with FF, our board of directors determined that the business combination was an attractive business opportunity that
met the vast majority of the criteria and guidelines above, although not weighted or in any order of significance. The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business Nasdaq listing rules require that the target
business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in
the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% fair market value test. We currently anticipate structuring a business
combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination where we merge directly with the target business or a newly formed subsidiary or where we acquire less than 100%
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or
more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own
a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of trust account balance test. The fair market value of the target will be determined
by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential
sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with
any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well
as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair
market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion
from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business
complies with the 80% threshold. 6 Lack of Business Diversification We may seek to effect a business combination
with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination with just one business. Therefore, at least
initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or
multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the
possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: ● | subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and ● | result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our
ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional
burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and
the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management Although we intend to scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management
will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers
and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it
is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business
combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover,
they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests
of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the
company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will
proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant
experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have
the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial
Business Combination In connection with any proposed business combination,
we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders
may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don’t vote
at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide
our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder
vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable),
in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each
stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will
file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. Whether we seek stockholder approval or engage in a tender offer,
we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or
upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock
voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We have no specified maximum percentage threshold for conversions in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and even those public stockholders who vote in favor of our initial business combination have
the right to convert their public shares. As a result, this may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business combination. 7 We chose our net tangible asset threshold of
$5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However,
if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation and this may force us to seek
third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such
initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public
stockholders may therefore have to wait 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering in order to be able to receive
a pro rata share of the trust account. Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and
directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to
convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not
sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial
stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market
or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders
vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to convert their shares, our officers,
directors, sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions
in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of conversions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor,
initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. Conversion Rights At any meeting called to approve an initial business
combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid
the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Our sponsor, initial stockholders and our officers
and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether
acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. Additionally,
the holders of the representative shares will not have conversion rights with respect to the representative shares. We may require public stockholders, whether they
are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent
or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with
the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge
the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this
fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares
is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the
event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and
the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 8 Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to
stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy
such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy
statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise
his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process
can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street name,” in
a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System,
we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor
titled “ In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require
stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements
for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their
rights ” for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. Any request to convert such shares once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore,
if a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior
to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public
holders. Liquidation if No Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will have only 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete an initial business combination,
including the Transactions with FF. If we have not completed an initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in
the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and
directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect
our public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein
or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination
within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to convert their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment,
whether proposed by our sponsor, initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or any other person. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our outstanding public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period
during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may
reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 21 st month,
and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third
anniversary of such date. 9 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidation distribution. Because we will not be complying with Section
280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based
on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially
brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be
from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. We are required to seek to have all third parties
(including any vendors or other entities we engage) and any prospective target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could
be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust.
We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability
to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, Marcum LLP, our independent registered public
accounting firm, and the underwriters of the offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in
the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute
such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the
trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00
per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or
contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it
is required to do so. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is
required to do so. Additionally, the agreement our sponsor entered into specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it
has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed
an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account,
or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less
than $10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust
account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after our 21 st month and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business
days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founders’ shares and private shares have waived their rights to participate
in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account
with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets
outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary
to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $15,000) and has contractually agreed not to seek
repayment for such expenses. If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account,
and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be $10.00.
As discussed above, the proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference
to the claims of public stockholders. Our public stockholders shall be entitled to
receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a business combination within the required time period,
if the stockholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares upon a business combination which is actually completed
by us or upon certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to consummating an initial business combination.
In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 10 If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return to our public stockholders at least $10.00 per share. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute
the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after 21 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect
to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our
creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public
stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These
provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to
us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of
our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering,
we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote.
This conversion right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive
officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any conversion rights
with respect to any founders’ shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that: ● | we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don’t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; ● | we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; ● | if our initial business combination is not consummated within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; ● | we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and ● | prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in our initial public offering on an initial business combination. 11 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities
are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many
of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could
acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may
be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses: ● | our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; ● | our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and ● | our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity
and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities having
a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination,
there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent
to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 654 Madison Avenue, Suite 1009, New York, New York 10065. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee
Benchmark Real Estate Group, an affiliate of our executive officers, charges us for general and administrative services pursuant to a
letter agreement between us and Benchmark Real Estate Group. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged
by Benchmark Real Estate Group is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current
office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Employees We have two executive officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary
to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target
business to acquire has been located, management may spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing
the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business.
We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements We have registered our units, common stock and
warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 12 We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled
to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the International
Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. We may be required to have our internal control
procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target
company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The
development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration
or governmental proceeding currently pending against the company or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider all of the following
risk factors and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial statements. If any of the
following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below
are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. In addition to the risks and uncertainties
set forth below, we face certain material risks and uncertainties related to the Transactions with FF. If we succeed in effecting the
Transactions with FF, we will face additional and different risks and uncertainties related to the business of FF. Such material risks
are to be set forth in a Registration Statement on Form S-4, including a proxy statement/consent solicitation statement/prospectus included
therein, to be filed by the company with the SEC. The risks presented below assumes that we
will not consummate the Transactions with FF and then seek to find an alternative target with which to consummate and initial business
combination. Risks Related to Searching for and Consummating
a Business Combination We are an early stage company and you have
no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an early stage company with no operating
results to date. Since we do not have an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial
business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. We will either (1) seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares,
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don’t vote at all, into their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public stockholders with
the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount
equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject
to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial
business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares, we would
seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 13 If the funds held in trust are insufficient
to allow us to operate for at least 21 months following the initial public offering, we may be unable to complete a business combination. If we use all of the funds held outside of the
trust account and all interest available to us, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close
an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates
to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not
obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
for our working capital needs. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of
our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted
into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If: ● | we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock, ● | the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and ● | the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the higher of the market value (as defined in our warrants) and the price at which we issue the additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination
with a target business. Since we have not selected a particular
industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of
the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. We may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any
business industry or sector we choose. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the
particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete
a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks
inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized
by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less
favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. Our ability to successfully effect a business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect a business
combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key
personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will
remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers is required to commit any specified amount
of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business
activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment
agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel
could have a detrimental effect on us. 14 The role of our key personnel after a business
combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions
following a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company
which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will be able to remain with
the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or
other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the
negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. Our officers and directors will not commit their
full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our officers and directors to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe
is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. Our sponsor has waived its right to convert its
founders’ shares or any other shares purchased in in our initial public offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from
the trust account with respect to its founders’ shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination.
Accordingly, the shares acquired prior tour initial public offering, as well as the private units and any warrants purchased by our officers
or directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and financial interests
of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business
combination and in determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our
stockholders’ best interest. Our officers and directors or their affiliates
have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated with other entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors or their affiliates
have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and
have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential
target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded
the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. Additionally, our officers and directors may in the future become
affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition objectives
that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities
prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers’ and directors’ fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 15 Our officers and directors may not have
significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. We may consummate a business combination with
a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough
experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding
a business combination. EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict of
interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us
in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services in an aggregate amount
equal to up to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in our initial public offering only if we consummate our initial business combination.
The private units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital or its designees and the representative shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate
an initial business combination. These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having a conflict of interest when providing
the services to us in connection with an initial business combination. The ability of our stockholders to exercise
their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. If our business combination requires us to use
substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may exercise conversion rights
or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon
such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. In the event that the acquisition
involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall
in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than
desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. In connection with any vote to approve
a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still
seek conversion of his, her or its shares. In connection with any vote to approve a business
combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsor, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its shares
of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) regardless of whether
such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all. The ability to seek conversion while
voting in favor of our proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate a business combination. We do not have a specified maximum conversion
threshold. The absence of such a conversion threshold may make it easier for us to consummate a business combination even where a substantial
number of public stockholders seek to convert their shares to cash in connection with the vote on the business combination. We have no specified percentage threshold for
conversion in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As a result, we may be able to consummate a business combination
even though a substantial number of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have converted their shares. However,
in no event will we consummate an initial business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. In connection with any stockholder meeting
called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection
with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to
exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. In connection with any stockholder meeting called
to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for
or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public stockholders
who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates to our
transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC
(Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders’ option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer documents
or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate,
a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our
understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However,
because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain
a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot
assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who
wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. 16 If, in connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply
with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the
event that the proposed business combination is not approved. If we require public stockholders who wish to
convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we
will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares
in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to
them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when
you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other companies
may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. We expect to encounter intense competition from
entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout
funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these
competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our
initial public offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may delay the consummation
of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed
favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a
business combination. We may be unable to obtain additional financing,
if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to
restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of
this our initial public offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a business combination, because we have not yet identified
any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of
our initial public offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders,
we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition,
if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
a business combination. Our initial stockholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Our initial stockholders own approximately 21%
of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Our sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates could
determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order
to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of shareholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for
a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares
of common stock owned by them in favor of such proposed business combination. EarlyBirdCapital has also agreed to vote the representative
shares and private shares it is purchasing in favor of such proposed business combination. 17 Our board of directors is divided into three
classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. It
is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination,
in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly,
you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law for up to 21 months after our initial public offering. If
there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors
will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the
outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company,
we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult
for us to complete a business combination. A company that, among other things, is or holds
itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or
holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. Since the proceeds of our initial public offering are held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed
an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment
Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities”
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements
for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete
a business combination, including: ● | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and ● | restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain
burdensome requirements, including: ● | registration as an investment company; ● | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and ● | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens
would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. Our search for an initial business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected by
the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected,
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely
affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate an
initial business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete an initial business
combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors
or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in
a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for an initial business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such
as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time,
our ability to consummate an initial business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate
an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 18 In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility,
decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating
targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase
the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business
combination. In recent years and especially in the last several months, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose
acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result,
at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable
target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also
become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or
otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability
insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and
the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to
obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business
combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate
directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination’s ability to attract and
retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. The requirement that we complete an initial
business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination. We have 21 months from the closing of our
initial public offering to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in
negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time
limit referenced above. 19 We may not obtain a fairness opinion with
respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors
in approving a proposed business combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness
opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, initial
stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly,
investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. Resources could be spent researching acquisitions
that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. It is anticipated that the investigation of each
specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is
made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless their
financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting
standards. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy
statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro
forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with,
or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same
financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender
offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish our stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such
financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal
controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. If we fail to maintain
the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires
that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A
target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating
results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. There may be tax consequences to our business
combinations that may adversely affect us. While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition
so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or
assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. 20 Risks Related to the Post Business Combination Company We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate a business combination
with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: ● | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or ● | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional
risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there
are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products
of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact
our profitability and results of operations. If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence
investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We must conduct a due diligence investigation
of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting,
finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside the control
of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to a target business,
industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or
other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our
obtaining post-combination debt financing. If we effect a business combination with
a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we consummate a business combination with
a target business in a foreign country, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: ● | rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; ● | tariffs and trade barriers; 21 ● | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; ● | longer payment cycles; ● | tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; ● | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; ● | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; ● | cultural and language differences; ● | employment regulations; ● | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and ● | deterioration of political relations with the United States. We cannot assure you that we would be able to
adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. If we effect a business combination with
a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect a business combination with a company
located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material
agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements
or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy
under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if
we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside
of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may
not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors
and officers under federal securities laws. If we acquire a company servicing the real
estate industry, our future operations may be subject to risks associated with this sector. While we may pursue an initial business combination
target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, we currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying
businesses that service the real estate industry. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business, we cannot
provide specific risks of any business combination. However, risks inherent in investments in this sector may include, but are not limited
to, the following: ● | adverse changes in international, national, regional or local economic, demographic and market conditions; ● | adverse changes in financial conditions of buyers, sellers and tenants of properties; ● | competition from other companies and businesses that service the real estate industry; ● | the ability to develop successful new products or improve existing ones; 22 ● | the disruption or failure of our networks, systems, platform or technology that frustrate or thwart our users’ ability to access our products and services, which may cause our users, advertisers, and partners to cut back on or stop using our products and services altogether, which could harm our business; ● | fluctuations in interest rates, which could adversely affect the ability of buyers and tenants of properties to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; ● | mobile malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, spamming, and improper or illegal use of our products, which could harm our business and reputation; ● | litigation and other legal proceedings; ● | the ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees; ● | environmental risks; and ● | civil unrest, labor strikes, acts of God, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism, which may result in uninsured losses. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact
on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited
to companies that service the real estate industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we
will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may
not be different than those risks listed above. Risks Related to our Securities If we are unable to consummate a business
combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 21 months before receiving distributions from the trust account. We have 21 months from the closing of the
initial public offering in which to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such
date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell
their shares to us. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from
the trust account if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them
until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants,
potentially at a loss. We may issue shares of our capital stock
or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a
change in control of our ownership. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $.0001 per share. We may issue a substantial number of shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination
of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock will not reduce
the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. The issuance of shares of common stock or preferred stock: ● | may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; ● | may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. 23 Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could
result in: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not
have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust
account. If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than $10.00. Our placing of funds in trust may not protect
those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective
target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such
entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such
agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders.
If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our public stockholders, our sponsor
has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) that it will be liable to ensure that
the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other
entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is
unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. As a result, the per-share distribution
from the trust account may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy
case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public
stockholders at least $10.00. Our stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will continue in existence only until 21 months from the closing of the initial public offering. If we do not complete
a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to
us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure
you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be
liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties will not seek to
recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us. 24 If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute
the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration of the time we have to complete an initial
business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors
with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be
brought against us for these reasons. Our directors may decide not to enforce
our sponsor’s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below $10.00 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may
choose not to do so in any particular instance. Additionally, each of our independent directors is a member of our sponsor. As a result,
they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether to enforce our sponsor’s indemnification obligations. If our independent
directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. If we do not file and maintain a current
and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such
warrants on a “cashless basis.” If we do not file and maintain a current and
effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such
warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available.
As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would
have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would
not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus
relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed
to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the
warrants may expire worthless. An investor will only be able to exercise
a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No warrants will be exercisable and we will not
be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the
warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless
if they cannot be sold. The private warrants may be exercised at
a time when the public warrants may not be exercised. Once the private warrants become exercisable,
such warrants may immediately be exercised on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. The public warrants, however, will only be exercisable on a cashless basis at the option of
the holders if we fail to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act within 90 days following
the closing of our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is possible that the holders of the private warrants could exercise
such warrants at a time when the holders of public warrants could not. 25 We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants
in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation
on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. Our securities are listed on Nasdaq, a national
securities exchange. Although we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq’s minimum initial listing standards, which generally
only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to stockholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value
of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely
that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more
lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that
time. Nasdaq will also have discretionary authority to not approve our listing if Nasdaq determines that the listing of the company to
be acquired is against public policy at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange, or we are not listed in connection with our initial business combination, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: ● | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; ● | reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; ● | a determination that our shares of common stock are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; ● | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and ● | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock and warrants will be listed
on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale
of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there
is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we
are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder
the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would
not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. We are an “emerging growth company”
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common
stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt
issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would
cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally,
as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be
comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares of common
stock less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a
result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 26 Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 22,977,568 shares
of common stock as part of the units in our initial public offering and private warrants included within the private units to purchase
594,551 shares of common stock. We may also issue other units to our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates
in payment of working capital loans made to us. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effect a business combination, the potential
for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares
of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it
more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or
even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities
or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your
holdings. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
(excluding the private warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor, officers or directors in payment
of working capital loans made to us) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per
warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any
time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that
on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even
if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of
the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may
be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish
to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for
redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants are redeemable by
us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Our management’s ability to require
holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon
their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption
after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been satisfied, our management will have the
option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private warrants) to do so on a “cashless basis.”
If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received
by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect
of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company. If our security holders exercise their
registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of these rights
may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. Our initial stockholders are entitled to make
a demand that we register the resale of the founders’ shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their
shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of representative shares, the private units and any units and warrants
our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to
us, are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the representative shares, private units and any other units and warrants we
issue to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after we consummate an initial business combination. The presence
of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition,
the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target
business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request
a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our
shares of common stock. 27 General Risks Our independent registered public accounting
firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going
concern.” The Company’s business plan is dependent
on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2020 are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities. We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate an initial business combination will be successful.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors may be considered
for election. Since our “staggered board” may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors
at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests
of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private units are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has
not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However,
since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of
blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which
would, for example, require us to complete a business combination within 21 months of the effective date of the initial public offering
registration statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on
our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court
or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any
action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware
shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 28 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees,
which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. We
cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice
of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of
the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTY We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 654 Madison Avenue, Suite 1009, New York, New York 10065. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee
Benchmark Real Estate Group, an affiliate of our executive officers, charges us for general and administrative services. We consider
our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current
operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 29 PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our units, common stock and warrants are listed
on Nasdaq under the symbols PSACU, PSAC and PSACW, respectively. Holders As of March 30, 2021, there were three holders of record of our units,
three holders of record of our common stock and one holder of record of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any,
for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities In February 2020, we issued the founders shares,
an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares of our common stock, for approximately $0.004 per share, to our initial stockholders. In February 2020, we also issued the representative
shares, an aggregate of 200,000 shares of common stock, at a price of $0.0001 per share, to designees of EarlyBirdCapital. Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer and
Affiliates No purchases of our equity securities have been
made by us or affiliated purchasers within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and
the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those
set forth under “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factors Summary,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors”
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 30 Overview We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on February 11, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, our shares, debt
or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. Recent Developments On January 27, 2021, we entered into the Merger
Agreement with Merger Sub and FF. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into FF, with FF surviving the merger.
As a result of the Transactions, FF will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with the stockholders of FF becoming stockholders
of the Company, which will be renamed “Faraday Future Intelligent Electric, Inc.” Under the Merger Agreement, the outstanding FF
shares and the outstanding FF converting debt will be converted into a number of shares of our new Class A common stock following the
Transactions and, for FF Top, shares of our New FF common stock following the Transactions based on the Exchange Ratio. Additionally, each FF option or FF warrant that
is outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (and by its terms will not terminate upon the closing of the Merger) will
remain outstanding and convert into the right to purchase a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to the number of FF ordinary
shares subject to such option or warrant multiplied by the Exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise
price per share for such option or warrant divided by the Exchange Ratio. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. On February 28, 2021, we entered into a convertible
promissory note with the sponsor pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of $500,000 (the
“Note”). The Note is non-interest bearing and due on the date on which we consummate a business combination. If we do not
consummate a business combination, we may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Note; however, no proceeds
from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up to $500,000 of the Note may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per
unit at the option of the sponsor. The units would be identical to the Private Units. There is no outstanding balance under the Note. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and, subsequent to the initial public offering,
identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the
initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the period from February 11, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of $2,109,383, which consists of operating costs of $2,218,182, offset by interest earned
on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $99,990 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account
of $8,809. 31 Liquidity and Capital Resources On July 24, 2020, we consummated the initial
public offering of 22,977,568 Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option on July 31,
2020, in the amount of 2,977,568 additional Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $229,775,680. Simultaneously with
the closing of the initial public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 594,551
Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to our stockholders, generating gross proceeds of $5,945,510. Following the initial public offering, the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters’ and the sale of the Private Units, a total of $229,775,680 was placed
in the Trust Account and we had $813,980 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the initial public
offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred $5,117,030 in transaction costs, including $4,595,510 of underwriting
fees and $521,520 of other offering costs. For the period from February 11, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was $304,885. Net loss of $2,109,383 was affected by interest earned on
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $99,990 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of
$8,809. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided $1,913,297 of cash from operating activities. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash and marketable
securities held in the trust account of $229,884,479. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay franchise
and income taxes. During the period ended December 31, 2020, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. To the extent
that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other
acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of $549,395
outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such
loaned amount out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical
to the Private Units. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist
with respect to such loans. The loans would be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest. We monitor the adequacy of our working capital
in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are
less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business
combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. 32 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2020. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Company’s
executive officers a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space and related services to the Company. We began incurring these fees on July
21, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and the Company’s
liquidation. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor
in connection with a business combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential business combination
and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection
with a business combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with its press releases
and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of a business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of initial public offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’
fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33% of the fee may be allocated at our sole discretion to other third parties who
are investment banks or financial advisory firms not participating in our initial public offering that assist us in identifying and consummating
a business combination. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject to possible
conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to
possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance
sheet. Net Loss Per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted for common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated
by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding for the period. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted for
and non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing net loss less income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption,
by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 33 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As of December 31, 2020, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public offering, the net proceeds of our initial
public offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a
maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of
these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY This information appears following Item 16 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. Item 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual
Report on From 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our “Certifying
Officers”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Not applicable. 34 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
OF THE REGISTRANT Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers
are as follows: Name | Age | Title
Jordan Vogel | 41 | Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer and Secretary
Aaron Feldman | 40 | Co-Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Director
David Amsterdam | 39 | Director
Avi Savar | 46 | Director
Eduardo Abush | 43 | Director Jordan Vogel has served as
our chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Secretary since our inception. Since October 2020, he has also served as Chairman of
the Board of Directors, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company like
our company that completed its initial public offering in March 2020 and is currently searching for an initial business combination.
Mr. Vogel has been actively investing in and managing residential real estate in New York City since 2001. Since April 2009, Mr. Vogel
has served as Co-Founder and Managing Member of Benchmark Real Estate Group, LLC, a real estate investment company. Mr. Vogel
oversees all of the firm’s acquisitions and is a member of its Investment Committee. Prior to founding Benchmark, Mr. Vogel
worked under Stephen Siegel (Global Chairman of CBRE) at SG2 Properties, LLC, or SG2, heading their acquisitions group from 2004 to 2009.
While at SG2, the company successfully acquired over $600 million worth of residential real estate. Prior to SG2, Mr. Vogel
worked at William Moses Co., Inc., an owner-operator of luxury apartments in Manhattan, from 2002 to 2004. He was responsible for
asset management and the day-to-day operation of the entire portfolio. Mr. Vogel began his career in private equity in 2000
at Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC, a $5 billion money management firm located in New York City. While working for its private equity
fund, he originated over $350 million of private equity deals. Mr. Vogel graduated with a B.S. in Economics from the University
of Pennsylvania and received an M.S. in Real Estate Development from New York University. We believe Mr. Vogel is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the real estate industry and his contacts and relationships. Aaron Feldman has served as
our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer since our inception. Since October 2020, Mr. Feldman has also served as Co-Chief Executive
Officer and Treasurer of Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. II. Mr. Feldman has been actively investing in and managing residential
real estate in New York City since 2004. Since April 2009, Mr. Feldman has served as Co-Founder and Managing Member of Benchmark
Real Estate Group, LLC. Mr. Feldman is in charge of the firm’s capital markets, overseeing all investor relations, and is
on the firm’s Investment Committee. Prior to founding Benchmark, Mr. Feldman worked at SG2, heading its Manhattan Property
and Asset Management Group and overseeing a portfolio of 700 apartments with a value of $300 million. He was directly responsible
for investment performance, which included all aspects of redevelopment, construction, revenue and expense management, marketing and
leasing. Mr. Feldman graduated with a B.S. in Management from Tulane University and is an active member of the Tulane University
Dean’s Advisory Board and National Campaign Council. He was inducted into Tulane’s Athletic Hall of Fame in 2011 for his
accomplishments as a member of the baseball team. Mr. Feldman actively participates in several charities, including ReThink Food
and Restoration NY. We believe Mr. Feldman is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the real estate industry and his contacts and relationships David Amsterdam has served
as a member of our board of directors since February 2020. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Property Solutions
Acquisition Corp. II since March 2021. Mr. Amsterdam has served as President — Investments and Eastern Region and Co-Head of
US Capital Markets for Colliers International, a publicly traded real estate services and investment management firm, since March 2018.
His responsibilities include advising investors, corporate users and landlords across the full spectrum of commercial real estate transactions.
Prior to Colliers International, Mr. Amsterdam worked with real estate executive, Paul Massey, on his New York City mayoral campaign
in 2017. Mr. Amsterdam previously served in various positions with Cushman & Wakefield from 2005 to 2011 and SL Green Realty
Corp. from 2011 to 2016. While with SL Green, Mr. Amsterdam was responsible for structuring and negotiating lease transactions for
a portfolio of 10 million square feet of trophy Class A assets and routinely completed nearly 100 transactions per year. He implemented
redevelopment, repositioning and strategic upgrading programs throughout the portfolio and assisted with equity and structured finance
investments, acquisitions and dispositions and joint ventures. He graduated with a B.A. in Political Science from Syracuse University. We believe Mr. Amsterdam is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the real estate industry and his contacts and relationships. 35 Avi Savar has served as a
member of our board of directors since February 2020. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Property Solutions
Acquisition Corp. II since March 2021. Over the last two decades, Mr. Savar has helped leading organizations drive change by leveraging
digital as a transformative force to build and grow their brands. In March 2011, Mr. Savar established Hyper Focus LLC (formerly
Savar Ventures), an advisory and investment firm, and also joined venture capital firm Dreamit Ventures, where he currently serves as
Partner and Board Director. Mr. Savar was named President of consumer intelligence platform SUZY, Inc. in February 2018. In 2004,
Mr. Savar founded Big Fuel, a global digital marketing agency, which he grew from a one-man shop to an industry leader with
over 130 employees worldwide. Over the following years, Big Fuel consulted with some of the world’s leading brands, including
American Express, GM, Budweiser, Samsung, Gatorade, Colgate-Palmolive, Fisher-Price, Weight Watchers, AFLAC, T-Mobile and Carnival
Cruises. Big Fuel was acquired by Publicis Group in 2011. Mr. Savar is the author of Content to Commerce: Engaging Consumers Across
Paid, Owned and Earned Channels (published by Wiley in 2013) and was named the inaugural President of the Cannes Lions Branded Content
Jury in 2010. Mr. Savar is a director of Arccos Golf and sits on advisory boards for American Express, DCP Midstream and AgAge’s
Publisher’s Council. Mr. Savar graduated with a BS in Communications from Boston University. We believe Mr. Savar is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the real estate industry and his contacts and relationships. Eduardo Abush has served as
a member of our board of directors since February 2020. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Property Solutions
Acquisition Corp. II since March 2021. Mr. Abush has served as Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager of Waterfront Capital Partners
LLC, a hedge fund based in New York City, since he founded the firm in January 2013. Previously, Mr. Abush was a Portfolio Manager
at Millennium Partners LLC (New York) from 2005 to 2013 and a Senior Analyst at Zimmer Lucas Partners LLC from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Abush
graduated Suma Cum Laude and received his BA in Economics from the Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico and an MBA from Stanford
University-Graduate School of Business. We believe Mr. Abush is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the real estate industry and his contacts and relationships Number and Terms of Office of Directors and
Officers Our board of directors is divided into three
classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term of office
of the first class of directors, consisting of Avi Savar, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of David Amsterdam and Eduardo Abush, will expire at the second annual meeting. The term
of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jordan Vogel and Aaron Feldman, will expire at the third annual meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint such officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Director Independence Currently David Amsterdam, Avi Savar and Eduardo
Abush would each be considered an “independent director” under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a
person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in
the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms
no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated
transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 36 Audit Committee We will established an audit committee of the
board of directors, which consists of David Amsterdam, Avi Savar and Eduardo Abush, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s
listing standards. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited
to: ● | reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; ● | discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; ● | discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; ● | monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; ● | verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; ● | reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; ● | inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● | pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; ● | appointing or replacing the independent auditor; ● | determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; ● | establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and ● | approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. Financial Experts on Audit Committee The audit committee will at all times be composed
exclusively of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq’s listing
standards. Nasdaq’s standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial
statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the
committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite
professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial
sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Mr. Savar qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,”
as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 37 Nominating Committee We establised a nominating committee of the board
of directors, which consists of David Amsterdam, Avi Savar and Eduardo Abush, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s
listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board
of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and
others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which
are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: ● | should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; ● | should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and ● | should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. The Nominating Committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by stockholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We established a compensation committee of the
board of directors, which consists of David Amsterdam, Avi Savar and Eduardo Abush, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s
listing standards. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but
are not limited to: ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; ● | reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; ● | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; ● | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; ● | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; ● | if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Code of Ethics Effective upon consummation of our initial public
offering we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies
the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 38 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Until the acquisition of a target business or our liquidation of the trust account, we will pay Benchmark
Real Estate Group, an affiliate of our executive officers, $10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and
secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors compensation
in lieu of a salary. Other than the $10,000 per month administrative
fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and the repayment of the $150,000 loan made by our
executive officers to us, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, initial stockholders, members of our management
team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence
on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of
prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable
by us upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses
reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account,
such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders.
However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business
combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or
a periodic report, as required by the SEC. Since our formation, we have not granted any
stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive officers or directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: ● | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
● | each of our officers and directors; and
● | all of our officers and directors as a group. 39 Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered in our
initial public offering or the private warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership | Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares
Officers and Directors:
Jordan Vogel | 6,233,785 | (2) | 21.11 | %
Aaron Feldman | 6,233,785 | (2) | 21.11
David Amsterdam | - | (3) | -
Avi Savar | - | (3) | -
Eduardo Abush | - | (3) | -
All directors and executive officers as a group (six individuals) | 6,233,785 | (2) | 21.11 | %
Five Percent Holders:
Property Solutions Acquisition Sponsor, LLC | 6,233,785 | 21.11 | % * | Less than 1%.
(1) | Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Property Solutions Acquisition Corp., 654 Madison Avenue, Suite 1009, New York, NY 10065.
(2) | Represents securities held by Property Solutions Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, which Messrs. Vogel and Feldman are managing members. Messrs. Vogel and Feldman each disclaim beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his respective ultimate pecuniary interest therein.
(3) | Does not include any securities held by Property Solutions Acquisition Sponsor LLC, of which each person is a member. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest therein. All of the founders’ shares outstanding
prior to our initial public offering have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent,
until (i) with respect to 50% of such shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business
combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of such shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow period, the holders of these
shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) among our initial stockholders
or to our initial stockholders’ members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holder’s stockholders
or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary
of which is the holder or a member of the holder’s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of
descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in
connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior
consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain
all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to
receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed
in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to
the founders’ shares. Our executive officers and our sponsor are our
“promoters,” as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. Equity Compensation
Plans As of December 31, 2020,
we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized
for issuance. 40 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Working Capital Loans In order to meet our working capital needs, our
sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to
time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note.
The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private
units. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. On February 28, 2021, we entered into the Note
with the sponsor pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of $500,000. The Note is non-interest
bearing and due on the date on which we consummate a business combination. If we do not consummate a business combination, we may use
a portion of any funds held outside the trust account to repay the Note; however, no proceeds from the trust account may be used for
such repayment. Up to $500,000 of the Note may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the sponsor. The
units would be identical to the private units. There is no outstanding balance under the Note. Registration Rights The holders of our founders’ shares, as
well as the holders of the private units and any units our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may
be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to an agreement to be signed in connection with the initial public offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released
from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying
securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the
holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation
of a business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only
during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering.
In addition, EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning
on the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. Administrative Services Benchmark Real Estate Group, an affiliate of
our executive officers, has agreed that through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or the liquidation
of the trust account, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and
administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay $10,000 per month for these services. We
believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that these fees are at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated
person. Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital Agreements
with respect to Private Units Our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units and underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until after
the completion of our initial business combination. Furthermore, they have agreed (A) to vote the private shares in favor of any proposed
business combination, (B) not to convert any private shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination or sell any private shares to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination and (C) that
the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from our trust account upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private units will likely be worthless. 41 Related Party Policy Our code of ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our shares
of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict
of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively
and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written
charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The
audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether
the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under
the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction. No director may participate
in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with
all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’
and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine
whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a
director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or
directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. We
will also need to obtain approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. Director Independence See Item 10 - Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant -
Director Independence. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other
required filings with the SEC for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 totaled $76,220. The above amounts
include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax
planning and tax advice for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum
for other services for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to
be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 42 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
AND SCHEDULES (a) The following documents
are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements: Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Balance Sheet | F-3
Statement of Operations | F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits: We hereby file as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected
and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of
such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed
rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Exhibit No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as representative of the underwriters. (1)
1.2 | Business Combination Marketing Agreement between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (1)
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, Dated as of January 27, 2021, by and among the Company, PSAC Merger Sub Ltd. and FF Intelligent Mobility Global Holdings Ltd. (2)
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company. (1)
10.1 | Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company. (1)
10.2 | Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company’s Initial Stockholders. (1)
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and certain security holders. (1)
10.4 | Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and InterPrivate LLC. (1)
10.5.1 | Subscription Agreement between the Company and Property Solutions Acquisition Sponsor, LLC. (1)
10.5.2 | Subscription Agreement between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (1)
10.6 | Form of Indemnification Agreement. (1)
10.7 | Form of Subscription Agreement(2)
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith.
** | Furnished.
(1) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.
(2) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 43 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13
or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on the 31 st day of March, 2021. PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Jordan Vogel
Jordan Vogel
Co-Chief Executive Officer In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Jordan Vogal | Chairman, Co- Chief Executive Officer | March 31 , 2021
Jordan Vogal | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Aaron Feldman | Co-Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer | March 31 , 2021
Aaron Feldman | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ David Amsterdam | Director | March 31 , 2021
David Amsterdam
/s/ Avi Savar | Director | March 31, 2021
Avi Savar
/s/ Eduardo Abush | Director | March 31, 2021
Eduardo Abush 44 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheet | F-3
Statement of Operations | F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-17 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board
of Directors of Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying balance sheet of Property Solutions Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph – Going
Concern The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to
the financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s
cash and working capital as of December 31, 2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Notes 1 and 10. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2020 . Houston, TX March 31, 2021 F- 2 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2020 ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 549,395
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 128,561
Total Current Assets | 677,956
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 229,884,479
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 230,562,435
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities - accrued expenses | $ | 2,041,838
Commitments
Common stock subject to possible redemption 22,352,059 shares at redemption value | 223,520,590
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding | —
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 7,164,452 issued and outstanding (excluding 22,352,059 shares subject to possible redemption) | 716
Additional paid-in capital | 7,108,674
Accumulated deficit | (2,109,383 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,007
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 230,562,435 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 3 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 11,
2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Formation and operational costs | $ | 2,218,182
Loss from operations | (2,218,182 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 99,990
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 8,809
Other income | 108,799
Loss before provision for income taxes | (2,109,383 | )
Net loss | $ | (2,109,383 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 22,557,034
Basic and diluted net income per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable common stock | 6,068,878
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable common stock | $ | (0.35 | ) T he accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements . F- 4 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S
EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 11,
2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Stockholder’s
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – February 11, 2020 (Inception) | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Founder Shares to Sponsor | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | — | 25,000
Issuance of Representative Shares | 200,000 | 20 | 800 | — | 820
Sale of 22,977,568 Units, net of underwriting discount and offering expenses | 22,977,568 | 2,298 | 224,656,352 | — | 224,658,650
Sale of 594,551 Private Placement Units | 594,551 | 60 | 5,945,450 | — | 5,945,510
Forfeiture of Founder Shares | (5,608 | ) | (1 | ) | 1 | — | —
Common stock subject to possible redemption | (22,352,059 | ) | (2,236 | ) | (223,518,354 | ) | — | (223,520,590 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | (2,109,383 | ) | (2,109,383 | )
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 7,164,452 | $ | 716 | $ | 7,108,674 | $ | (2,109,383 | ) | $ | 5,000,007 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. F- 5 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 11,
2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (2,109,383 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (99,990 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (8,809 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | (128,541 | )
Accrued expenses | 2,041,838
Net cash used in operating activities | (304,885 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment in Trust Account | (229,775,680 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (229,775,680 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 225,180,170
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units | 5,945,510
Advances from related party | 75,000
Repayment of advances from related party | (75,000 | )
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 133,000
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (133,000 | )
Payment of offering costs | (495,720 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 230,629,960
Net Change in Cash | 549,395
Cash – Beginning of period | —
Cash – End of period | $ | 549,395
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 225,628,970
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | (2,108,380 | )
Offering costs paid directly by Sponsor from proceeds from issuance of common stock | $ | 25,000
Issuance of Representative Shares | $ | 820
Forfeiture of Founder Shares | $ | (1 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements . F- 6 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Property Solutions
Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on February 11, 2020. The Company is a blank check
company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). Although the Company
is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company
intends to focus on businesses that service the real estate industry. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company
and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. The Company has one
subsidiary, PSAC Merger Sub, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands on January 27, 2021. (“Merger Sub”) (see Note 10). As of December 31,
2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December
31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which
is described below, identifying a target company for a Business Combination, and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition
of FF Intelligent Mobility Global Holdings Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands (“FF”) (see Note 10). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from
the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration
statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 21, 2020. On July 24, 2020, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common
stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000,
which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 535,000 units (the “Private Units”)
at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to Property Solutions Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the “Sponsor”)
and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”), generating gross proceeds of $5,350,000, which is described in Note
4. Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on July 24, 2020, an amount of $200,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the “Trust
Account”) located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth
in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a
maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account,
as described below. On July 29, 2020,
the underwriters notified the Company of their intent to partially exercise their over-allotment option on July 31, 2020. As such,
on July 31, 2020, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 2,977,568 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional
59,551 Private Units, at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $30,371,190. A total of $29,775,680 of the
net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to $229,775,680. Transaction costs
amounted to $5,117,030 consisting of $4,595,510 of underwriting fees and $521,520 of other offering costs. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The
Company must complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust
Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial
Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will
provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company
will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its
discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in
the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon
the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. F- 7 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Company will
proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon
such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are
voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold
a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing
substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business
or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Representative Shares (as defined
in Note 7), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
(a) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the Initial transaction or don’t vote at all. The Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares, Representative Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to consummate
a Business Combination, and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that
would affect a public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to the Company in connection with a Business
Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company
does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will
have until April 24, 2022 to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the
Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. In order to protect
the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per Public Share, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s
indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company
will seek to reduce the possibility that Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust
Account. F- 8 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31,
2020, the Company had $549,395 in its operating bank accounts, $229,884,479 in cash and securities held in the Trust Account to
be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit
of $1,222,111, which excludes $141,771 of franchise taxes payable. As of December 31, 2020, $108,799 of the amount on deposit
in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company’s tax obligations. On February 28, 2021,
the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company
up to an aggregate principal amount of $500,000 (See Note 10). The Company will
need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company’s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company’s working
capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited
to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot
provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern through April 24, 2022, the date that
the Company will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying
financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Further, Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of
using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Making estimates
requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company
did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. F- 9 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash and Marketable Securities Held
in Trust Account At December 31, 2020 and 2019, substantially
all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury securities.
The Company accounts for its securities held in the trust account in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 320 “Debt and Equity Securities.” These securities are classified as trading securities with
unrealized gains or losses, if any, recognized through the statement of operations. At December 31, 2020, substantially all of
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts
for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as
a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features
redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible
redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s
balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. On March 27, 2020,
the CARES Act was enacted in response to COVID-19 pandemic. Under ASC 740, the effects of changes in tax rates and laws are recognized
in the period which the new legislation is enacted. The CARES Act made various tax law changes including among other things (i)
increasing the limitation under Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “IRC”) for 2019
and 2020 to permit additional expensing of interest (ii) enacting a technical correction so that qualified improvement property
can be immediately expensed under IRC Section 168(k), (iii) making modifications to the federal net operating loss rules including
permitting federal net operating losses incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to the five preceding taxable years
in order to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes and (iv) enhancing the recoverability of alternative minimum tax
credits. Given the Company’s full valuation allowance position and capitalization of all costs, the CARES Act did not
have an impact on the financial statements. Net Loss per Common Share Net income (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares
of common stock subject to forfeiture. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering
and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 23,572,119 shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise
of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company’s statement
of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for common shares subject to possible redemption in a manner
similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted, for Common
stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income or loss on marketable securities
held by the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject
to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. Net income (loss) per share,
basic and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), adjusted for income or loss
on marketable securities attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of non-redeemable
common stock outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable common stock
includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
common stock participates in the income or loss on marketable securities based on non-redeemable shares’ proportionate interest. F- 10 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The following table reflects the calculation
of basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share (in dollars, except per share amounts): For the Period from February 11, 2020 (Inception) Through December 31, 2020
Common stock subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 97,270
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 8,569
Less: interest available to be withdrawn for payment of taxes | (105,839 | )
Less: interest available to be withdrawn for working capital | —
Net income allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | —
Denominator: Weighted Average Common stock subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 25,557,034
Basic and diluted net income per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator: Net Loss minus Net Earnings
Net loss | $ | (2,109,383 | )
Less: Net income allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption | —
Non-Redeemable Net Loss | $ | (2,109,383 | )
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-redeemable common stock
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable common stock | 6,068,878
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable common stock | $ | (0.35 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which,
at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on
this account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of
the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards update, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company’s financial statements. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s
financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 20,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit. On July 31, 2020, in connection with the underwriters’
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional 2,977,568 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit.
Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each Public Warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 535,000 Private Units at
a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,350,000. On July 31, 2020, in connection with the underwriters’
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional 59,551 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per
Private Unit. The Sponsor purchased 483,420 Private Units and EarlyBirdCapital purchased 111,131 Private Units. Each Private Unit
consists of one share of common stock (“Private Share”) and one warrant (“Private Warrant”). Each Private
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment (see
Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). F- 11 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On February 11, 2020,
the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares of the Company’s common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000 (the
“Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively
own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the Private Shares).
As a result of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on July 31, 2020 and the expiration
of the remaining over-allotment option, 5,608 Founder Shares were forfeited and 744,392 Founder’s Shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture, resulting in there being 5,744,392 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until (1) with respect to
50% of the Founder Shares, the earlier of one year after the completion of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing
price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination
and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, one year after the completion of a Business Combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered
into an agreement whereby, commencing on July 21, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Company’s executive officers a total of $10,000
per month for office space and related services. For the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020,
the Company incurred and paid $50,000 in fees for these services. Advances — Related
Party The Sponsor advanced
the Company an aggregate of $75,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing
and due on demand. The outstanding advances of $75,000 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on July
24, 2020. Promissory Note — Related
Party On February 14, 2020,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $150,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) December 31, 2020, (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) the date on which the Company
determines not to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $133,000 was
repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on July 24, 2020. Related Party Loans In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private
Units. F- 12 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on July 21, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares and Representative Shares, as well as the holders
of the Private Units and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to Company, will be entitled to
registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company register
such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of
a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or underlying securities)
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business combination. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however,
that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning on
the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged
EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company
in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings
in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or $8,042,149 (exclusive
of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33% of the fee may be allocated at the
Company’s sole discretion to other third parties who are investment banks or financial advisory firms not participating
in this offering that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with
such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board
of directors. At December 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock —
The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At December 31, 2020,
there were 7,164,452 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 22,352,059 shares of common stock subject to possible
redemption. Warrants — The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company
has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a
specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an
effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the
completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants
become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: ● | in whole and not in part;
● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder;
● | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and
● | if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. F- 13 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the
case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior
to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s common stock during the 20
trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price,
the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which we issue the additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. The exercise price
and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
except as described above, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective
exercise prices. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants
may expire worthless. The Private Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants
and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until
30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees,
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Representative Shares On February 11, 2020,
the Company issued to the designees of EarlyBirdCapital 200,000 shares of common stock (the “Representative Shares”).
The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit
to stockholders’ equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be $820 based upon the price of
the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion
rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative
Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1)
of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person
for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public
Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following
the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected
dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. F- 14 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 8. INCOME TAX The Company’s net deferred tax assets
are as follows: December 31,
2020
Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
Net operating loss carryforward | $ | 29,262
Startup and organizational expenses | 436,047
Unrealized gain on marketable securities | (22,848 | )
Total deferred tax assets | 442,461
Valuation Allowance | (442,461 | )
Deferred tax assets, net valuation allowance | $ | — The income tax provision
consists of the following: For the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020
Federal
Current | $ | —
Deferred | (442,461 | )
State and Local
Current | —
Deferred | —
Change in valuation allowance | 442,461
Income tax provision | $ | — As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $139,342
of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from February
11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 , the change in the valuation allowance was $442,461. A reconciliation of the federal income
tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows: December 31, 2020
Statutory federal income tax rate | 21.0 | %
Valuation allowance | (21.0 | )%
Income tax provision | 0.0 | % The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company’s
tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The Company considers New York to be a significant
state tax jurisdiction. F- 15 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows
the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table
presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 229,884,479 NOTE 10 — SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were
issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below or in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have
required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. Merger agreement On January 27, 2021,
the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (“Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Merger Sub
and FF. FF is a global mobility technology company that designs and engineers next-generation smart electric connected vehicles. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into FF, with FF surviving the merger (the “Merger” and, together with the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “Transactions”). As a result of the Transactions, FF
will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with the stockholders of FF becoming stockholders of the Company, which
will be renamed “Faraday Future Intelligent Electric, Inc.” (“New FF”). Under the Merger
Agreement, the outstanding FF shares and the outstanding FF converting debt will be converted into a number of shares of new Class
A common stock of the Company following the Transactions and, for FF Top Holdings Ltd. (“FF Top”), shares of new Class
B common stock of the Company (“New FF common stock”) following the Transactions based on an exchange ratio (the “Exchange
Ratio”), the numerator of which is equal to (i)(A) the number of shares of the Company common stock equal to $2,716,000,000
(plus net cash of FF, less debt of FF, plus debt of FF that will be converted into shares of the Company common stock, plus any
additional bridge loan in an amount not to exceed $100,000,000), (B) divided by $10, minus (ii) an additional 25,000,000 shares
which may be issuable to FF stockholders as additional consideration upon certain price thresholds, and the denominator of which
is equal to the number of outstanding shares of FF, including shares issuable upon exercise of vested FF options and vested FF
warrants (in each case assuming cashless exercise) and upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes. Additionally, each
FF option or FF warrant that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (and by its terms will not terminate
upon the closing of the Merger) will remain outstanding and convert into the right to purchase a number of shares of the Company
Class A common stock equal to the number of FF ordinary shares subject to such option or warrant multiplied by the Exchange Ratio
at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise price per share for such option or warrant divided by the Exchange
Ratio. The Merger Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions
as further described in the Merger Agreement. F- 16 PROPERTY SOLUTIONS ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 In connection with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into separate Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors
or qualified institutional buyers (collectively, the “Subscription Investors”) concurrently with the execution of
the Merger Agreement on January 27, 2021. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Investors agreed to subscribe
for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell, to the Subscription Investors an aggregate of 77,500,000 shares of
common stock of the Company for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of approximately $775 million, in a private
placement. 17,500,000 of such shares ($175 million in net proceeds) will be issued to an anchor investor and the issuance of such
shares is subject to certain regulatory approvals. The Subscription Agreements further require the Company to have an effective
shelf registration statement registering the resale of the shares of the Company’s common stock held by the Subscription
Investors within 60 calendar days (or 90 calendar days if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement)
following the closing of the Transactions. Subscription agreement Also on January 27, 2021,
the Company entered into additional Subscription Agreements with Subscription Investors in the amount of 2,000,000 shares of common stock
of the Company for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of approximately $20 million, which increases the total amount
of the private placement pursuant to the Subscription Agreements to 79,500,000 shares of common stock of PSAC for a purchase price of
$10.00 per share, or an aggregate of approximately $795 million. Related Party Loans On February 28, 2021, the Company entered into
a convertible promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal
amount of $500,000 (the “Note”). The Note is non-interest bearing and due on the date on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held
outside the Trust Account to repay the Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up to
$500,000 of the Note may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the Sponsor. The units would be
identical to the Private Units. As of the date of these financial statements, there is a $500,000 balance outstanding under the
Note. F-17