mrcy-20250328 False 0001049521 0001049521 2025-03-28 2025-03-28 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025 Mercury Systems, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter ) Massachusetts | 001-41194 | 04-2741391
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 50 Minuteman Road, | Andover, | Massachusetts | 01810
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 978 ) 256-1300 Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 | MRCY | Nasdaq Global Select Market 1 Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. The Company reiterates its most recent provided expectations for the fiscal year ending June 27, 2025. Information in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. Departure of Chief Operating Officer On March 28, 2025, Charles R. Wells, IV, the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, informed the Company that he will be departing for a chief executive officer role at a privately held company. Upon Mr. Wells’ departure, William L. Ballhaus, Mercury’s Chairman and CEO, will lead the business operations group, with the group’s senior leaders reporting directly to him. David E. Farnsworth, the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will assume additional responsibilities including leading a rigorous and focused organization-wide management operating system; actioning a robust and aligned technology investment strategy; overseeing execution related customer engagements; and driving operational performance. New Compensation Arrangement for Chief Financial Officer In connection with Mr. Farnsworth’s expanded role, he will be granted a restricted stock unit award with a grant date value of $1,000,000 under the Company’s 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. The number of shares of the Company’s common stock underlying the award will be determined by dividing the grant date value by the average closing price of the Company’s common stock during the 30 calendar days prior to April 15, 2025, the grant date. Such award shall vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, with other vesting terms consistent with the restricted stock unit award that Mr. Farnsworth received in August 2024, except that if Mr. Farnsworth remains with the Company through August 28, 2026, or is terminated by the Company without cause or resigns for good reason prior to that time, all service conditions in such new award will be deemed fully satisfied. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain “forward-looking statements” made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “hope,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,” “could,” “future,” or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning. You should carefully read forward-looking statements, including statements that contain these words, because they discuss our future expectations or state other “forward-looking” information. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties which change over time. We caution readers that any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, continued funding of defense programs, the timing and amounts of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen weakness in our markets, effects of any U.S. federal government shutdown or extended continuing resolution, effects of geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in or cost increases related to completing development, engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in, or in the U.S. government’s interpretation of, federal export control or procurement rules and regulations, including tariffs, changes in, or in the interpretation or enforcement of, environmental rules and regulations, market acceptance of our products, shortages in or delays in receiving components, supply chain delays 2 or volatility for critical components, production delays or unanticipated expenses including due to quality issues or manufacturing execution issues, adherence to required manufacturing standards, capacity underutilization, increases in scrap or inventory write-offs, failure to achieve or maintain manufacturing quality certifications, such as AS9100, the impact of supply chain disruption, inflation and labor shortages, among other things, on program execution and the resulting effect on customer satisfaction, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions, restructurings, and operational efficiency initiatives or delays in realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, effects of shareholder activism, increases in interest rates, changes to industrial security and cyber-security regulations and requirements and impacts from any cyber or insider threat events, changes in tax rates or tax regulations, such as the deductibility of internal research and development, changes to interest rate swaps or other cash flow hedging arrangements, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, litigation, including the dispute arising with the former CEO over his resignation, unanticipated costs under fixed-price service and system integration engagements, statements about the leadership transition related to our Chief Operating Officer, and various other factors beyond our control. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see our SEC filings, including, but not limited to, our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2024, as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024. These filings are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. Except for any obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K . 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: April 1, 2025 | MERCURY SYSTEMS, INC.
By: | /s/ David E. Farnsworth
David E. Farnsworth
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 4