S-3 1 forms-3.htm As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 25, 2025 Registration
No. 333-[●] UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 NANO
NUCLEAR ENERGY INC. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 4911 | 88-0861977
(State or other jurisdiction of | (Primary Standard Industrial | (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) | Classification Code Number) | Identification Number) 10
Times Square, 30 th Floor New
York, NY 10018 Telephone: (212) 634-9206 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) James
Walker Chief
Executive Officer Nano
Nuclear Energy Inc. 10
Times Square, 30 th Floor New
York, NY 10018 Telephone: (212) 634-9206 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Please
send a copy of all communications to: Richard
I. Anslow, Esq. Lawrence
A. Rosenbloom, Esq. Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP 1345
Avenue of the Americas New
York, NY 10105 Tel:
(212) 370-1300 Approximate
date of commencement proposed sale to the public: from time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box. ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following
box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective
upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The
Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
Registrant shall file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY
NOTE This
registration statement contains two prospectuses: ● | a base prospectus for the purpose of implementing a “shelf” registration process, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to $620,000,000 of our common stock (including the $400,000,000 “at-the-market” offering program as described below), preferred stock, purchase contracts, warrants, subscriptions rights, depositary shares, debt securities and/or units from time to time in one or more offerings; and
● | a sales agreement prospectus for the purpose of implementing a $400,000,000 “at-the-market” offering program under the shelf registration statement pursuant to a sales agreement with TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TD Cowen”), UBS Securities LLC and Piper Sandler & Co. (each a “Sales Agent” and together, the “Sales Agents”). The
base prospectus immediately follows after this explanatory note. The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base
prospectus will be set forth in one or more prospectus supplements to the base prospectus. The
sales agreement prospectus for the $400,000,000 “at-the-market” offering program immediately follows after the base prospectus.
The $400,000,000 of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold by us under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the $620,000,000
of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by us under the base prospectus. Upon termination of the sales agreement, any portion
of the $400,000,000 included in the sales agreement prospectus that is not sold pursuant to the sales agreement prospectus will be available
for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and corresponding prospectus supplements, and if no shares are sold under
the sales agreement prospectus, the full $620,000,000 of securities may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and
any corresponding prospectus supplements. The
sales agreement prospectus includes the base prospectus, except that the sales agreement prospectus contains a different front and back
cover page and sets forth additional information in the sections titled “About This Prospectus,” “The Offering,”
“Risk Factors,” “Use of Proceeds,” “Dilution,” “Plan of Distribution” and “Legal
Matters.” The
information contained in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. No securities may be sold until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities,
and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS | SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JULY 25, 2025 $620,000,000 COMMON
STOCK PREFERRED
STOCK PURCHASE
CONTRACTS WARRANTS SUBSCRIPTION
RIGHTS DEPOSITARY
SHARES DEBT
SECURITIES UNITS We
may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more series, any one of the following securities of Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. (the “Company,”
“we,” “us” or “our”), for total gross proceeds of up to $620,000,000: ● | common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“common stock”);
● | preferred stock;
● | purchase contracts;
● | warrants to purchase our securities;
● | subscription rights to purchase our securities;
● | depositary shares;
● | secured or unsecured debt securities consisting of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness, which may include senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt securities or subordinated debt securities, each of which may be convertible into equity securities; or
● | units comprised of, or other combinations of, the foregoing securities. We
may offer and sell these securities separately or together, in one or more series or classes and in amounts, at prices and on terms described
in one or more offerings. We may offer securities through underwriting syndicates managed or co-managed by one or more underwriters or
dealers, through agents, directly to purchasers or through a combination of these methods, on a continuous or delayed basis. If any underwriters,
dealers or agents are involved in the sale of any securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such
underwriters, dealers or agents and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts or options to purchase additional shares to be provided
to them will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The prospectus supplement for each offering of securities will describe in detail
the plan of distribution for that offering. The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from
such a sale will also be set forth in the prospectus supplement. For general information about the distribution of securities offered,
please see “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. This
prospectus describes the general terms of these securities and the general manner in which these securities will be offered. Each time
our securities are offered, we will provide a prospectus supplement containing more specific information about the particular offering
and attach it to this prospectus. The prospectus supplements may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus.
You should carefully read this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses, as well as
any documents incorporated by reference, before purchasing any of the securities being offered. This
prospectus may not be used to offer or sell securities without a prospectus supplement that includes a description of the method and
terms of the offering. Our
common stock is listed on the Capital Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “NNE.”
The last reported sale price of our common stock on July 22, 2025 was $34.25 per share. Prospective purchasers of our securities are
urged to obtain current information as to the market prices of our securities, where applicable. If
we decide to seek a listing of any preferred stock, purchase contracts, warrants, subscriptions rights, depositary shares, debt securities
or units offered by this prospectus, the related prospectus supplement will disclose the exchange or market on which the securities will
be listed, if any, or where we have applied for listing, if anywhere. An
investment in the securities offered through this prospectus is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should
carefully consider the risk factors beginning on page 15 of this prospectus and the risk factors in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein, as well as the risk factors in our other recently filed
quarterly and current reports incorporated by reference herein, and in the relevant prospectus supplements. We urge you to carefully
read this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplements and any related free writing prospectuses, as well as any documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus amendments or supplements, before investing. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed
upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is [●], 2025. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
About This Prospectus | 1
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 2
Industry and Market Data | 3
Trademarks | 3
Prospectus Summary | 4
Risk Factors | 15
Use of Proceeds | 15
Description of Securities We May Offer | 16
Forms of Securities | 16
Plan of Distribution | 28
Legal Matters | 30
Experts | 30
Where You Can Find More Information | 30
Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference | 30 i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, employing
a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may offer and sell, either individually or in combination,
in one or more offerings, any of the securities described in this prospectus, for total gross proceeds of up to $620,000,000. This prospectus
provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer securities under this prospectus, we will
provide a prospectus supplement that will contain more specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one
or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus
supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize may also add, update or change any of the information contained
in this prospectus or in the documents that we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to
consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. We
urge you to read carefully this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses, as well as
any documents incorporated by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference,”
before investing in any of the securities being offered. You should rely only on the information contained in, or incorporated by reference
in, this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, along with the information contained in any related free writing prospectuses.
We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information. This
prospectus is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful
to do so. The distribution of this prospectus and the offering of securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons
outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating
to, the offering of securities and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. The
information appearing in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses is accurate
only as of the date on the front of such document and any information we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus
supplement is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus,
any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus, or any sale of a security. Our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. To the extent there are inconsistencies between any prospectus
supplement, this prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference, the document with the most recent date will control. This
prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the
actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some
of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the section entitled
“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” The representations,
warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference in
the prospectus were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating
risk among the parties to such agreement, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such
representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly, such representations, warranties and
covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. 1 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS The
information in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses, together with any information
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and such prospectus supplement, contains “forward-looking statements” within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical
fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth,
and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You
can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “could,”
“would,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “potential,” “project,” “target,”
“continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements may contain
these words. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are based largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events and financial trends that we reasonably believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual outcomes could differ materially
from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future business, financial condition and results of operations,
as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change given the inherent risks and uncertainties of market and industry conditions. Forward-looking
statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future outcomes. Forward-looking statements present estimates and assumptions only
as of the date on the cover of the document in which they are contained, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
dates on which they are made. Important factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: ● | Our ability to design, develop, manufacture, demonstrate, obtain regulatory approval for and ultimately sell our proposed nuclear reactors or other products, technologies or services we are developing.
● | Our ability to source or internally develop the necessary fuel supply chain to power our next generation of advanced nuclear reactors.
● | Our ability to source or internally develop the required transportation capabilities to move our reactors, their fuel, and other special materials critical to the commercial deployment of our reactor systems.
● | Our ability to build internally, and to externally provide, nuclear service support and consultation services for the expanding and resurgent nuclear energy industry, both domestically and internationally.
● | Our ability to source, retain, and expand our technical and business staff to meet the demands of our expanding and diversifying business.
● | Our ability to raise the substantial amount of additional funds that will be necessary for our business to succeed, which funds may not be available on acceptable terms or available at all.
● | Assumptions relating to the size of the market for our nuclear reactors or other products, technologies or services we are developing.
● | Our ability to navigate the complex and time-consuming nuclear regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions we operate, including unanticipated regulations or regulatory failures that could add barriers, time and cost to our business plans.
● | Our estimates of future expenses, capital requirements, revenue potential and our needs for, or ability to obtain, additional financing.
● | Our status as an early-stage pre-revenue company in a rapidly evolving and complex industry with a business model that is still being developed and is largely untested.
● | Our ability to avoid a significant disruption in our information technology system, including security breaches, or our ability to implement new system and software successfully.
● | Our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products.
● | The other forward-looking statements regarding our company and its prospects included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus including, without limitation, those under “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business” as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 2 The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with. Forward-looking statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth under
“Risk Factors” and elsewhere contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. All written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained above and throughout this prospectus. Prior to investing in our common stock, you should read this prospectus, our filings
incorporated by reference herein and the documents we have filed as exhibits to this registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we currently expect. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. INDUSTRY
AND MARKET DATA Unless
otherwise indicated, data concerning economic conditions, our industry, our markets and our competitive position are based on a variety
of sources, including information from third-party industry analysts, publications, surveys and forecasts and our own estimates and research.
These data involve a number of assumptions, estimates and limitations. Industry publications, surveys and forecasts and other public
information generally indicate or suggest that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. None of the
third-party industry data used in this prospectus were prepared on our behalf. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors”. These and other
factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these data. TRADEMARKS We
own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our businesses, our corporate names,
logos and websites. We may make references to our trademarks and service marks, and to those belonging to other entities. Solely for
convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to may appear without ® or ™ or similar symbols, but
such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law,
our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other
companies’ trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or an endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any
other companies. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. 3 PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights certain information appearing elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Because it is only a summary,
it does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in the shares offered hereby and it is qualified
in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus. This summary contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our
plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions, or future events. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” before
you decide to invest in our common stock, you should also read the entire prospectus carefully, including “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 15, “Summary of Consolidated Financial Information” beginning on page 11, and the financial statements
and related notes included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Unless
the context indicates otherwise, as used in this prospectus, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “our
company,” “Nano Nuclear” and “our business” refer to Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview We
are an early-stage nuclear energy company, developing smaller, cheaper, and safer advanced clean energy solutions, utilizing proprietary
reactor designs, intellectual property, and research methods, to contribute towards a sustainable future. Led by a world class scientific
and management team, our business plan involves comprehensive engagement across every sector of the nuclear power and energy industry,
traversing the path from sourcing raw materials through to developing cutting edge advanced nuclear microreactors. Our dedication extends
further, encompassing ambitions within the commercial nuclear fuel transportation sector, the nuclear energy fuel supply chain, technology
development, and nuclear consulting services. Currently,
we are in the pre-revenue stage and are principally focused on four business lines as part of our development strategy: ● | Nuclear Reactor Business . We are developing the next generation of advanced nuclear microreactors, in particular (i) the fixed installation KRONOS MMR™ Energy System , (ii) ZEUS , a portable modular solid core battery reactor, (iii) ODIN , a portable modular low-pressure coolant reactor, and (iv) the space focused, portable LOKI MMR™ . Through the collaboration of our world-renowned nuclear scientists and engineers, the U.S. national nuclear laboratories, and government support, we believe our reactors will have the potential to impact the global energy landscape. Our goal is to commercially launch one of these products in the early 2030s.
On January 10, 2025, we closed the asset acquisition of the KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System and the LOKI MMR ™ from Ultra Safe Nuclear Corporation (“USNC”). These assets include certain contracts, intellectual property rights, prior demonstration projects, and pursuant to an arrangement with an affiliated entity described below, the equity interests of a Canadian entity, free and clear of any liens other than certain specified liabilities of USNC that were assumed, for a total purchase price of $8.5 million in cash through an auction conducted pursuant to Section 363 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in connection with USNC’s pending Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. We consider this purchase price to be advantageous for us as we believe based on publicly available information that USNC raised over $120 million for the development of the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System and that a major data center operator had conducted due diligence on the project while it was being developed by USNC. On December 18, 2024, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, the Bankruptcy Court overseeing USNC’s bankruptcy held a hearing where it approved the sale of the USNC Assets to us. The KRONOS and LOKI assets purchased from USNC included five contracts with third-party collaborators, 38 issued, pending or published patents, 16 registered, pending or published trademarks, and any other technology and intellectual property related to the acquired businesses, rights related to a demonstration project related to the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in the United States and the business records of the acquired businesses and related confidentiality rights. We acquired these assets through two new wholly owned subsidiaries incorporated in Nevada. The acquired assets also included certain Canadian assets (the “Canadian Assets”), including three contracts with Canadian authorities, the equity interests of a Canadian partnership and rights related to a demonstration project related to the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in Canada, the transfer of which need the consent of certain Canadian governmental entities (the “Canadian Consents”), with an escrow of $250,000 deposited at the closing securing the Canadian Consents. If the Canadian Consents are not received within 90 days after the closing, we shall have the right to terminate the acquisition of the Canadian Assets and receive the return of $250,000 held in escrow. To better facilitate the Canadian Consents and to continue diligence of the Canadian partnership and other Canadian Assets, our disinterested directors unanimously approved the assignment of our rights to the Canadian Assets to Jay Jiang Yu, our founder, President, Secretary and Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board, and certain Canadian entities owned or controlled by Mr. Yu (the “Yu Entities”). In exchange, on January 10, 2025, the Company entered into an option agreement (“Yu Option Agreement”) with Mr. Yu and Yu Entities, pursuant to which the Company received an option back from Mr. Yu and the Yu Entities to acquire for nominal consideration, for a period of five years beginning with the receipt by the Yu Entities of the Canadian Assets upon receiving the Canadian Consents, any or all of the equity interests of the Yu Entities or the Canadian partnership, the other Canadian Assets or the material assets and business of the Canadian partnership. As of the date of this prospectus, while we are operating as the successor to the Canadian Assets in terms of discussions with Canadian authorities and third parties as well as planning activities, we and the Yu Entities are continuing to ascertain the ideal structure for our formal acquisition of the Canadian Assets. 4 The KRONOS MMR ™ reactor targets new markets beyond those targeted by our smaller microreactors, which are designed for more remote locations, such as island and remote communities, remote industry such as mining projects or oil and gas. The KRONOS MMR ™ reactor will target larger population centers, industrial heat for larger industries, data and artificial intelligence centers for the tech industry, and LOKI MMR ™ will target extra-terrestrial applications. In early April 2025, we signed a strategic collaboration with the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (“UIUC”) to construct the first KRONOS MMR™ Energy System research reactor on the university’s campus. In mid-April 2025, we launched a recruitment initiative focused on the Midwest region to support our ambitious plans to construct, demonstrate and gain regulatory approval for full-scale KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System in both the United States and Canada. In late April 2025, the NRC issued its final Safety Evaluation (SE) approving the Fuel Qualification Methodology Topical Report (FQM TR) for the advanced fuel design to be used in our stationary KRONOS MMR™ Energy System. The diversity of products positions us to capitalize on growing financial investment and societal momentum driving advanced nuclear energy technologies on a global scale across multiple different areas. We will leverage our world-class technical team to analyze and optimize these technologies, key components, and intellectual property, before integrating them into its operational frameworks and ongoing innovative efforts. We also intend to build upon and strengthen the extensive industry relationships that USNC established during its operations, including those with UIUC and the Canadian Government to build prototype reactors. Once operational in the future, our plan is to be able to sell a majority of the energy produced at the UIUC KRONOS MMR ™ reactor, with UIUC retaining a portion for its own use.
Our ZEUS and ODIN microreactors have moved from the design stages to physical test work stages, with materials testing, irradiation testing, and initial rig construction currently underway, to ensure the accuracy of our modelled reactors and to optimize the dimensions and composition of the systems. We have conducted and completed external design audits on both the ZEUS and ODIN reactor designs to provide external validation for our designs. The design audits for the reactors were conducted and completed by the Idaho National Laboratory (“INL”). We have communicated with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (“NRC”) and Department of Energy (“DOE”), informing them of the status of our microreactor designs and the estimated internal timelines for our microreactor developments, with an understanding that definite timelines will be provided once available, to allow the NRC to arrange the necessary personnel to oversee the microreactor licensing process. We increased the size of the technical teams during 2024 and 2025 to expedite the development of the reactor systems, as well as recruiting former NRC personnel to oversee our regulatory licensing processes, and to engage directly with the NRC to facilitate the commercialization planning. In January 2025, we announced that we had contracted with Thermal Engineering International (TEi), a Babcock Power Inc. ® company, to advance the design and fabrication of several heat exchangers for use in our ODIN microreactor in development. In March 2025, six additional professionals, including Radwan Nassim Kheroua, Dr. Andrew Steer, James Leybourn, Simon Boddington, Luke Godfrey, and Jake Miles joined our U.K.-based nuclear science and engineering partner Cambridge AtomWorks, led by Professors Ian Farnan and Eugene Shwageraus. Cambridge AtomWorks personnel are leading the development of our ODIN microreactor. In March 2025, we announced that we had assembled the first reactor core hardware of our ZEUS microreactor for initial non-nuclear testing. Given our corporate emphasis on the KRONOS MMR ™ reactor and the fact that all of our reactor designs, except for ODIN, are high-temperature gas-cooled reactors, we are considering strategic alternatives for ODIN. These alternatives are intended to monetize our investment in the project to date and enable us to allocate more time and resources to the KRONOS MMR ™ reactor and our other designs and technologies. In addition, in August 2024, we purchased a 14,000 sq. ft., 2-story building in Oak Ridge, Tennessee for $1.7 million to house our Nuclear Technology Headquarters. Michael Norato, Ph.D., an INL and DOE veteran, was appointed as our Director of Nuclear Facilities and Infrastructure in December 2024. Dr. Norato will oversee the construction, development and licensing of our key facilities, including our recently acquired 14,000 sq. ft. Oak Ridge, Tennessee Nuclear Technology Headquarters and future test bed reactor sites for experiments related to our ZEUS and ODIN microreactors currently in development. He will also lead the establishment of deconversion and fuel processing facilities, helping to further our goal of being a vertically integrated leader in the U.S. nuclear fuel cycle. We expect to increase the number of personnel working at the facility over the next year and expect to ultimately employ up to 30 personnel at the facility. We are also currently undertaking approximately $800,000 of renovation work on the facility as well. 5 In January 2025, we entered into a lease for a facility in Westchester County, New York where we have established a purpose-built facility to assemble and demonstrate the operation and viability of several non-nuclear parts and components of our nuclear microreactors in development. In February 2025, we engaged aRobotics Company, a leading innovator in robotics fabrication, inspection, engineering and testing, to oversee the multimillion dollar build out of this facility. aRobotics has also assisted us with the fabrication of key components for the facility. We committed approximately $3 million to retrofit this facility. In May 2025, we announced the completion of our retrofit of our demonstration facility and the commencement of operations there. Our demonstration facility is currently supporting ongoing work on our SBIR Phase III project for our Annular Linear Induction Pump (ALIP) technology, which has been assembled onto a test loop and integrated to a controllable test setup for variable design validation at the facility. We anticipate commercializing ALIP by the end of 2025 or in 2026. In July 2025, we announced that we will provide critical engineering and environmental services for our planned construction and deployment activities at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) for our KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System. As part of this initiative, we have engaged AECOM, a global infrastructure leader, under a master services agreement to support site-specific engineering, environmental analysis and regulatory planning at UIUC. The agreement lays the groundwork for site-specific engineering in preparation for deploying the first KRONOS MMR ™ at UIUC, a globally recognized hub for nuclear research and innovation. Planned activities include detailed environmental reviews, regulatory pathway planning, and site drilling to obtain the geological data required for submitting a construction permit application to the NRC. We anticipate submitting our construction permit application to the NRC towards the end of 2025, or early 2026, and receiving the construction permit later in 2026. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet this anticipated timeline, as the submission is subject to the completion of ongoing technical, regulatory, and operational preparations, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this is expected to be the first construction permit for a microreactor issued in the United States. The permit application will not incur any government fees, as the KRONOS reactor, due to its location at UIUC, qualifies for a fee exemption under applicable regulations due to its use for research purposes. In tandem with upcoming geological characterization work at the UIUC site, we have launched a recruitment initiative focused on the Midwest region to support our plans to construct, demonstrate and gain regulatory approval for full-scale KRONOS MMR ™ in both the United States and Canada. This workforce build-out will consolidate the expertise and provide the personnel necessary to complete the construction permit application and begin construction of the first KRONOS prototype on the UIUC campus shortly thereafter. To support this effort, we are actively exploring the purchase of an office or facility in the greater Chicago area to house these personnel.
● | Fuel Processing Business . Through our subsidiary, HALEU Energy Fuel Inc., and in coordination with the DOE, we are seeking to develop a domestic low-enriched uranium (LEU) and high-assay low-enriched uranium (HALEU) fuel supply chain to supply fuel not only for our own reactors but also to the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. We have tentatively identified the site where we intend to construct the facilities and have begun to build the team to design and develop these facilities.
We have also made a $2 million strategic investment in and entered into a collaboration with a laser-based uranium enrichment technology company, LIS Technologies Inc. (“LIST”) (which is a related party), to support the development of their technology. Through this investment and related collaboration, we aim to assist in advancing LIST’s technologies to secure a reliable low enriched uranium fuel supply for our future operations and the broader nuclear energy industry. The parties intend that LIST will provide us with enriched uranium hexafluoride (UF6) at no cost to be fabricated and sold to customers, with LIST to receive compensation as part of a profit-sharing arrangement to be agreed upon between the companies in the future. Through collaboration with LIST, we intend to construct the supporting facilities alongside LIST’s enrichment facility, including the deconversion and fuel fabrication facilities, and conversion if necessary. We also leased 7,000 square feet of space at our Nuclear Technology Center in Oak Ridge, Tennessee to LIST. Our relationship with LIST is considered a related party transaction since certain of our executive directors and officers, including Jay Jiang Yu and Dr. Tsun Yee Law, also serve as directors and officers for LIST, and James Walker and Jaisun Garcha serve as consultants to LIST. Our investment in LIST was unanimously approved by all of our disinterested independent directors.
In December 2024, we announced that LIST and our company were selected by the DOE to participate as one of six contract awardees in the DOE’s Low-Enriched Uranium (LEU) Enrichment Acquisition Program (“LEU Acquisition Program”). Under the contract awarded to LIST, LIST was selected as the prime contractor, with our company as the key subcontractor bringing our technical and regulatory expertise in advanced nuclear solutions to the collaboration. LIST will oversee the development of the primary uranium enrichment processes using its novel laser technology, while our company will contribute towards development in the areas of fuel deconversion, fuel fabrication, and fuel transportation. The total overall amount appropriated under the LEU Acquisition Program across all six contract awardees is anticipated to be $3.4 billion, to be awarded by the DOE via agreed to task orders each having a minimum value of $2 million. 6 ● | Fuel Transportation Business . Our transportation business will build on existing work completed at INL, Oak Ridge National Laboratory (“ORNL”) and Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (“PNNL”), the world’s premier U.S.-backed nuclear research facilities. We received an exclusive license for a high capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket design in April 2024, which will form the basis of a complete transportation system. This license grants us, as the licensee, exclusive rights for the use and development of the technology. In addition, the licensor is not permitted to license the technology to any other parties within the specified scope. We believe this technology is the most advanced concept in the United States for moving HALEU in commercial quantities. We are currently conducting work to modify the design to accommodate a variety of different fuel forms, so we are positioned to move fuel for both of our reactors and to enable us to provide transportation services to any nuclear company looking to move commercial quantities of fuel. In September 2024, we signed an agreement with GNS Gesellschaft für Nuklear-Service mbH (“GNS”) to undertake a wide-ranging project to produce an optimized HALEU transportation system solution based on our exclusively licensed fuel transportation basket design. The GNS agreement encompasses a study for the transport of multiple HALEU nuclear fuel types, including uranium oxide, TRISO particles, uranium-zirconium hydride, uranium mononitride, and salt fuel for molten salt reactors, thus optimizing the quantity of material that can be transported and developing a conceptual package design that will accommodate the new basket design. We also seek to acquire assets and existing businesses within the nuclear transportation industry to possess our company with the capabilities to internally move the materials, reactors, and fuels inherent within a reactor deployment operation, although we have not entered into any definitive agreements as of the date of this reoffer prospectus. We intend to obtain NRC certification for our high-capacity HALEU transportation system to move commercial quantities of HALEU fuel around North America and internationally. If developed and commercialized, we believe this product will serve as the basis for a domestic HALEU transportation company capable of providing commercial quantities of HALEU fuel. We hope to put our fuel transportation business into operation by 2028. We have also brought on two former United Parcel Service (UPS) executives, one of which works for our fuel transportation subsidiary, with the other sitting on our Executive Advisory Board, to assist in growing the transportation business around our technology . In June 2025, we announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding with the Namibia Industrial Development Agency (NIDA) to explore collaborative opportunities focused on developing the domestic nuclear fuel supply chain infrastructure within the Republic of Namibia. This memorandum represents a shared vision between us and NIDA to add significant value to Namibia’s uranium resources, support industrial development, and create new opportunities for Namibian citizens within the global nuclear energy market. Under the memorandum, we and NIDA will work together to evaluate opportunities related to the development of infrastructure, technology transfer, education, job creation, and local workforce development in support of Namibia’s national nuclear energy development goals. NIDA will help coordinate government and stakeholder engagement, while we will lead assessments related to industrial capability, fuel logistics, and potential international nuclear fuel supply contracts for NIDA. In July 2025, we announced that we have signed a memorandum of understanding with UrAmerica Ltd. (“UrAmerica”), a private exploration company with a package of uranium and other critical metals licenses primarily in Chubut Province, Argentina. The newly signed memorandum formalizes the discussions that we initiated with UrAmerica to explore strategic development across Argentina’s uranium-fuel supply chain. We are currently working together to evaluate specific opportunities, ranging from mining and conversion to UF₆ feedstock supply, that could aid us in securing a dependable source of material for future supply chain options. Such evaluations may lead to the signing of definitive agreements between us and UrAmerica related to particular projects. Through this memorandum, we and UrAmerica aim to build the mining and milling capacities of the uranium supply chain in Argentina with the intention to be a part of the uranium fuel cycle exports into the U.S. Under the memorandum, we will pursue (i) favorable uranium offtake agreements, (ii) potential investments in mineral production and (iii) fuel-cycle infrastructure, and (iv) future joint ventures or related collaboration. One of our goals in entering into the memorandum is to help modernize Argentina’s nuclear sector while strengthening U.S. energy security by sourcing materials for nuclear fuel from a reliable partner.
● | Nuclear Consultation Services . We also plan on providing nuclear service support and consultation services for the expanding and resurgent nuclear energy industry, both domestically and internationally. This business opportunity represents our nearest term revenue generating opportunity. Our goal is to start providing nuclear service support and consultation services for the nuclear energy industry in 2025. As part of our domestic initiatives, following our collaboration with Digihost Technology Inc. (“Digihost”) in December 2024, we provided consulting services to Digihost from April to June 2025, despite not having formally launched our consulting service offerings. Our consulting support contributed to the planning and execution of the Digihost project and included regulatory advice, site assessment, roadmap development, and stakeholder engagement. We are currently under discussion with Digihost about providing consulting services to them in future, but as of the date of this prospectus, we have not entered into any definitive agreement with them. We are also currently evaluating strategic acquisitions or collaborations to expand our business operations and formally establish our consulting services, and have commenced several material discussions with potential targets for such acquisitions or collaborations, but as of the date of this reoffer prospectus, we have not entered into any definitive agreements for such acquisitions or collaborations. In combination with our intention to acquire existing revenue generating consultancy businesses, we are focusing on building our own internal nuclear consultation business in coordination with certain outside academic institutions, which we anticipate would require approximately $2 million over the next twelve months to recruit additional staff and build corresponding infrastructure to be capable of providing these services. Our
Mission Our
mission is to become a commercially focused, diversified and vertically integrated nuclear energy company that will capture market share
in the very large and growing nuclear energy sector. To implement our plans, since our founding in 2022, our management has had constant
communications with key U.S. government agencies, including the DOE, the INL and ORNL, which are a part of the DOE’s national nuclear
laboratory system. Our company also maintains important collaborations with leading researchers from the Cambridge Nuclear Energy Centre
and The University of California, Berkeley. 7 Our
Industry and Market We
believe that the U.S. domestic nuclear energy sector is undergoing a renaissance that we believe we can capitalize on. Strong demand
signals and investment support from the Tech Industry, combined with DOE programs intended to build back national nuclear infrastructure,
have created positive market momentum and investor sentiment, which is further driving development and market forces within the nuclear
energy industry. We
strongly support objectives of the DOE and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, and
we intend for our technology to form part of the U.S. foreign policy to advance the peaceful use of nuclear energy, science and technology,
and drive new resources to projects and activities in developing countries with the greatest need. A key part of our business plan will
seek to become a nuclear technology organization that can grow the U.S. global energy market engagement and concurrently support global
market opportunities. In
2021, the White House published a statement titled “FACT SHEET: President Biden Sets 2030 Greenhouse Gas Pollution Reduction
Target Aimed at Creating Good-Paying Union Jobs and Securing U.S. Leadership on Clean Energy Technologies.” On May 23, 2025,
President Trump signed a series of executive orders aimed at accelerating the development and deployment of nuclear energy in the United
States. These directives set forth a national objective to quadruple nuclear energy capacity by 2050 and direct federal agencies, including
the DOE and the NRC, to implement policy reforms supporting the restart of shuttered plants, expedited licensing of new reactors, and
expanded investment in advanced nuclear technologies such as small modular reactors (SMRs). The orders also emphasized strengthening
the domestic uranium supply chain and supporting workforce development initiatives. These policy measures are expected to significantly
impact the regulatory environment, capital access, and strategic direction of the nuclear energy sector. The
United States has taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce its dependence on carbon-emitting energy sources. The U.S. had previously
set a goal to reach a 100% carbon pollution-free electricity system by 2035, and President Biden set a target of a 50 to 52% reduction
from 2005 levels in economy-wide net greenhouse gas pollution by 2030, underlining the Biden administration’s desire for new energy
solutions which are at the core of our business plans. Additionally, the “net zero world” initiative signals the U.S.’s
proactive stance in working with countries to lead a global transition to net zero emissions by 2050. While it remains unclear how the
Trump administration will view the net world zero initiative, it has already voiced support for the advanced reactor industry and declared
its intention to support the build back of the nuclear industry in the United States. Our
Vision, Market Opportunity and Key Government Support We
believe our achievements to date and our business plans are positioning our company to be a leading participant in the U.S. nuclear energy
and technology industry through simultaneously rebuilding and introducing national capabilities to drive the resurgent nuclear energy
industry. We further believe that our timing and approach into the industry have been optimal, with insight into national capability
deficiencies and an understanding of the difficulties faced by other commercial nuclear energy, particularly microreactor, companies.
Almost all microreactor companies have advanced using funds acquired from government grants or awards. Even with private funding, they
have been stifled by lack of investor interest because of the long return timelines and high risks. Despite
the early stage of our company, we believe we are competitively differentiated in many ways. ● | Non-Dependent on Government Funding . Most small modular reactor (SMR) and microreactor companies are reliant on government grants and financing to progress their concepts. Consequently, their progress may cease once government funding is not available. Conversely, we do not rely on government funding to sustain our business operations.
● | Technical Insight . On the technical front, we have benefited from insight into the problems which affected earlier movers within the advanced reactor space. SMR companies have raised billions of dollars for development but have been stalled by needing to qualify fuel or coolants, or acquiring the fuel necessary to advance their reactors. This led to our investigations into de-risking our own fuel supply by pursuing development and investment into the fuel supply chain and examining our own fuel processing facility, as well as opting to use more conventional fuel with greater operational history. We believe we have identified certain problems affecting the industry and we are taking early action to surmount potential roadblocks. 8 ● | Government Contacts . Between 2024 and 2025, individuals with high placed government service and contacts joined our company. These include (i) John G. Vonglis, the former Chief Financial Officer of the DOE, who joined as our Executive Director of Global Government Affairs, (ii) Eric R. Oesterle, a former Branch Chief for Operating Reactor Licensing at the NRC, who joined as our Head of Microreactor Regulatory Licensing, (iii) David Tiktinsky, a forty year veteran of the NRC, who joined as our Head of Nuclear Regulatory Licensing and (iv) Dr. Seth Berl, a former Deputy Chief Data Officer at the DOE, who joined our board of directors. In addition, a number of former high-ranking military and government officials with significant experience in nuclear energy sit on our Executive Advisory Board. Our recruitment efforts were complemented by bringing in experts involved in every major part of the nuclear industry, from regulation to laboratories, to technical teams. We believe we will benefit from those government contacts as our company will be afforded access to highly skilled personnel possessing advanced expertise in the energy and nuclear sectors.
● | World Class Team . Our technical team is world class, with simple and realizable reactor concepts that do not require exotic fuels, and who are aware of all the difficulties faced by almost every other reactor company who has chosen designs which have complicated development and licensing. Our team has a deep knowledge of applicable regulatory requirements surrounding safety, transportation, and decommissioning, and our designs have incorporated all these considerations from the outset.
● | Government Initiatives . We believe that the U.S. government is increasingly showing strong support for nuclear energy through various initiatives aimed at advancing nuclear technology, all of which further our business plans and opportunities. This support has taken various forms, including legislation, grants, project funding and loan guarantees. Aside from the support for existing nuclear capabilities, all of these initiatives have the potential directly or indirectly to benefit and support our company. Our
Competitive Strengths We
believe we have the following competitive strengths relating to our various business lines: Nuclear
Reactor Business. Unlike other nuclear reactor companies, we are seeking to become a vertically integrated company with multiple
streams of revenue, a diversified business to hedge against market changes, and greater control over industries supporting microreactor
development, such as nuclear fuel and transportation. Our diversified business model will make us highly differentiated from other reactor
companies. We believe we have an expertise advantage over other companies developing microreactors, as we can and have recruited some
of the best scientists, engineers and professionals in the world from any country or institution, without being constrained by the available
personnel located within certain academic and professional institutions. The technical personnel involved in the current design of our
reactors have been involved with the design and development of dozens of different reactors. Fuel
Processing Business. We believe, based on our market research, that no SMR and microreactor company is currently developing an integrated
fuel supply chain to produce the fuel for their reactors. Our strategy to develop fuel for our own reactors will also position us to
supply fuel to the wider nuclear industry and other reactor manufacturers, addressing anticipated significant shortfalls in fuel supply. Fuel
Transportation Business. We identified a transportation concept which investigated a high capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket
design, which was developed by INL, ORNL and PNNL, and funded by the DOE. The technology was pursued by DOE to create a full HALEU transportation
package, which provided the most advanced solution to address the technological challenge of moving commercial quantities of HALEU fuel
around North America. The development of this concept had not been continued by the DOE due to lack of funding. On April 3, 2024, we
entered into the BEA License with BEA for this nuclear fuel transportation package, and have been working with the groups capable of
aiding us in the development of the concept into an NRC certified and transportation package for the transportation of HALEU materials. 9 Our
Challenges We
are a young company seeking to develop and launch an integrated nuclear energy business. Our efforts face and will continue to face many
significant challenges, as our business involves complex nuclear technology, regulatory hurdles, and rapidly shifting market dynamics.
These challenges include, but are not limited to, the following: ● | Obtaining the necessary permits and licenses for nuclear reactors, facilities and transportation capabilities is time-consuming and expensive. Nuclear reactors must meet stringent safety and environmental standards, and gaining regulatory approval can be a lengthy endeavor. Additionally, ensuring the safety of a microreactor throughout its lifecycle is paramount. Developing, implementing, and maintaining robust safety systems and protocols are critical challenges. Implementing robust security measures to protect against theft, sabotage, or unauthorized access is also critical for both regulatory compliance and public safety.
● | Building and operating a microreactor and our other nuclear energy-related technologies is very capital-intensive. Securing the necessary significant funding and managing costs, including but not limited to operational and maintenance costs, are ongoing challenges for our business.
● | The political and regulatory landscape can change, impacting the stability and viability of nuclear projects. International agreements and geopolitical factors can also affect nuclear technology, access and export. Competition We
face significant competition within our industry. Our competitors target similar power output ranges as we do and employ a range of technologies,
including both adapted conventional technologies and novel nuclear reactor designs. In addition, we face competition outside the nuclear
energy sector, including fossil fuel-based power generation, renewable energy sources, long duration energy storage solutions, and other
nuclear reactor technologies. However, as described above in “Competitive Strengths”, we believe we are positioned better
than our competition to emerge as a leading supplier of carbon-free round the clock energy generation. Intellectual
Property We
have developed or acquired important intellectual property to protect our technologies. As
of the date of this prospectus, we have seven trademark applications pending before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
(USPTO). As
of the date of this prospectus, we have six utility patent applications pending before the USPTO, and six corresponding utility
patent applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) pending before the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), directed to various aspects of the ZEUS microreactor and power plant design. We also have a total of nine patent
applications related to our acquired ALIP technology for small nuclear reactor cooling, which include four U.S. provisional
applications, four U.S. utility applications, and one international PCT application. The U.S. utility applications are pending
and awaiting examination by the USPTO, and the PCT application is awaiting national entry in about 18 months. Of the
provisional applications, one remains pending and will expire in December 2025. We also
have an exclusive license for our fuel transportation technology, and intellectual property acquired from USNC, including 38 issued, pending or published patents, nine (reduced from 16 as of January 10, 2025 as we voluntarily abandoned seven) registered, pending or published trademarks, and any other
technology and intellectual property related to the acquired businesses, rights related to a demonstration project related to the
KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in the United States and the business records of the acquired businesses and related confidentiality
rights. Corporate
Information We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 8, 2022. Our principal executive office is located at 10 Times Square,
30 th Floor, New York, NY 10018, and our telephone number is (212) 634-9206. Our website is www.nanonuclearenergy.com. Information
contained on, or available through, our website does not constitute part of, and is not deemed incorporated by reference into, this prospectus,
and investors should not rely on such information in deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. 10 Summary
of Consolidated Financial Information The
following table sets forth certain summary financial and other data for the periods ended and at the dates indicated below. Our summary
financial information for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 has been derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
for such period incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Our summary financial information for the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The financial
data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2025, and the 2024 Annual Report (as defined below), each of which has been filed
with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Statements
of Operations Three Months Ended | Six Months Ended
March 31, 2025 | March 31, 2024 | March 31, 2025 | March 31, 2024
Operating expenses
General and administrative | $ | 15,697,178 | $ | 1,423,309 | $ | 18,191,748 | $ | 2,252,205
Research and development | 6,712,543 | 290,539 | 7,617,466 | 810,555
Change in fair value of contingent consideration | 78,250 | - | 602,500 | -
Loss from operations | 22,487,971 | 1,713,848 | 26,411,714 | 3,062,760
Other income | 1,179,250 | 36,220 | 1,989,631 | 71,187
Net loss | $ | (21,308,721 | ) | $ | (1,677,628 | ) | $ | (24,422,083 | ) | $ | (2,991,573 | )
Net loss per share of common stock:
Basic | $ | (0.57 | ) | $ | (0.07 | ) | $ | (0.69 | ) | $ | (0.13 | )
Diluted | $ | (0.57 | ) | $ | (0.07 | ) | $ | (0.69 | ) | $ | (0.13 | )
Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding:
Basic | 37,074,514 | 23,861,244 | 35,502,417 | 23,521,208
Diluted | 37,074,514 | 23,861,244 | 35,502,417 | 23,521,208 For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 | For the Year Ended September 30, 2023
Operating expenses
General and administrative | $ | 6,850,993 | $ | 4,749,395
Research and development | 3,725,565 | 1,534,000
Change in Fair Value of contingent consideration | (66,000 | ) | -
Loss from operations | (10,510,558 | ) | (6,283,395 | )
Other income | 359,002 | 32,994
Net loss | $ | (10,151,556 | ) | $ | (6,250,401 | )
Net loss per share of common stock:
Basic | $ | (0. 39 | ) | $ | (0.28 | )
Diluted | $ | (0. 39 | ) | $ | (0.28 | ) 11 Statements
of Changes in Mezzanine equity and Stockholders’ Equity For
the Six Months Ended March 31, 2025 Common | Additional paid-in | Accumulated | Total stockholders’
shares | Amount | capital | deficit | equity
Balance as of September 30, 2024 | 30,715,663 | $ | 3,072 | $ | 49,038,165 | $ | (17,433,781 | ) | $ | 31,607,456
Common stock issuances | 4,935,294 | 494 | 101,399,518 | - | 101,400,012
Offering costs | - | - | (9,058,856 | ) | - | (9,058,856 | )
Exercise of warrants | 975,974 | 97 | 14,387,311 | - | 14,387,408
Exercise of stock options | 638,000 | 64 | 1,636,436 | - | 1,636,500
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 16,476,053 | - | 16,476,053
Net loss | - | - | - | (24,422,083 | ) | (24,422,083 | )
Balance as of March 31, 2025 | 37,264,931 | $ | 3,727 | $ | 173,878,627 | $ | (41,855,864 | ) | $ | 132,026,490 For
the Year Ended September 30, 2024 Mezzanine Equity | Permanent Equity
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated deficit | Total
Balance as of September 30, 2023 | 2,000,000 | $ | 5,000,000 | 23,184,869 | $ | 2,319 | $ | 9,288,553 | $ | (7,282,225 | ) | $ | 2,008,647
Mezzanine equity conversion | (2,000,000 | ) | (5,000,000 | ) | 2,000,000 | 200 | 4,999,800 | - | 5,000,000
Common stock issuances | - | - | 4,804,019 | 481 | 34,953,456 | - | 34,953,937
Offering costs | - | - | - | - | (3,629,829 | ) | - | (3,629,829 | )
R&D acquisition common stock issuances | - | - | 50,000 | 5 | 786,495 | - | 786,500
Exercise of warrants | - | - | 63,775 | 6 | 1,275,494 | - | 1,275,500
Exercise of stock options | - | - | 593,000 | 59 | 1,043,941 | - | 1,044,000
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 20,000 | 2 | 320,255 | - | 320,257
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (10,151,556 | ) | (10,151,556 | )
Balance as of September 30, 2024 | - | $ | - | 30,715,663 | $ | 3,072 | $ | 49,038,165 | $ | (17,433,781 | ) | $ | 31,607,456 For
the Year Ended September 30, 2023 Mezzanine Equity | Permanent Equity
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated deficit | Total
Balance as of September 30, 2022 | - | $ | - | 20,501,500 | $ | 2,050 | $ | 3,139,450 | $ | (1,031,824 | ) | $ | 2,109,676
Common stock issuances | 2,000,000 | 5,000,000 | 2,598,369 | 260 | 3,765,109 | - | 3,765,369
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 85,000 | 9 | 2,383,994 | - | 2,384,003
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (6,250,401 | ) | (6,250,401 | )
Balance as of September 30, 2023 | 2,000,000 | $ | 5,000,000 | 23,184,869 | $ | 2,319 | $ | 9,288,553 | $ | (7,282,225 | ) | $ | 2,008,647 12 Statements
of Cash Flows For the Six Months Ended March 31, 2025 | For the Six Months Ended March 31, 2024
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | (24,422,083 | ) | $ | (2,991,573 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Equity-based compensation | 16,476,053 | 152,457
Amortization of right-of-use assets | 133,614 | 11,878
Depreciation | 39,517 | -
Changes in fair value of contingent liability | 602,500 | -
Change in assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | 161,725 | (429,120 | )
Deposits | (284,000 | ) | (235,235 | )
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 1,774,018 | 109,503
Due to related parties | 5,000 | (10,000 | )
Lease liabilities | (107,323 | ) | (17,114 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (5,620,979 | ) | (3,409,204 | )
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
In-process research and development | (9,075,045 | ) | -
Additions to property, plant and equipment | (3,625,846 | ) | -
Net cash used in investing activities | (12,700,891 | ) | -
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from common stock issuances | 101,400,012 | -
Offering costs | (9,058,856 | ) | -
Proceeds from exercise of warrants | 14,387,408 | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 1,636,500 | -
Proceeds from stock subscriptions | - | 2,466,437
Payment of deferred offering costs | - | (55,000 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 108,365,064 | 2,411,437
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | 90,043,194 | (997,767 | )
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period | 28,507,257 | 6,952,795
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period | $ | 118,550,451 | $ | 5,955,028
Non-cash transactions:
Conversion from Mezzanine Equity to Stockholders’ Equity | $ | - | $ | (5,000,000 | )
Inception of Right-of-Use Asset / Liability | $ | 1,026,348 | $ | 1,926,656 13 For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 | For the Year Ended September 30, 2023
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | (10,151,556 | ) | $ | (6,250,401 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
R&D acquisition paid in equity | 786,500 | -
Equity-based compensation | 320,257 | 2,384,003
Amortization of right of use asset | 96,532 | -
Depreciation | 10,393 | -
Change in assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (628,090 | ) | (88,409 | )
Deposits | (235,235 | ) | -
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 571,474 | 87,234
Due to related parties | (10,000 | ) | -
Lease liability | 5,079 | -
Contingent liability | 770,500 | -
Net cash used in operating activities | (8,464,146 | ) | (3,867,573 | )
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Increase in long-term investments | (2,000,000 | ) | -
Additions to property, plant and equipment | (1,700,000 | ) | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | (3,700,000 | ) | -
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from common stock issuances | 34,953,937 | 8,765,369
Offering costs | (3,554,829 | ) | (75,000 | )
Proceeds from exercise of warrants | 1,275,500 | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 1,044,000 | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | 33,718,608 | 8,690,369
Net increase in cash | 21,554,462 | 4,822,796
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 6,952,795 | 2,129,999
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 28,507,257 | $ | 6,952,795
Non-Cash Supplemental Disclosures
Right of use assets acquired in exchange for new operating lease liabilities | $ | 1,926,178 | $ | - 14 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you
should carefully consider the risk factors included in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
and those that may be included in the prospectus, together with any applicable prospectus supplements and any related free writing prospectuses,
as well as any documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus or such prospectus supplements. You should also carefully consider
other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplements, including our financial
statements and the related notes thereto incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described in any applicable
prospectus supplements and our other filings with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus and such prospectus supplements
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial
could also adversely affect us. If any of risks we describe occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be
materially harmed. In such case, the value of our securities could decline and you may some or lose all of your investment. Please also
carefully consider the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” USE
OF PROCEEDS Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from these sales for the advancement and
development of our technologies, general working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include investing in or acquiring
synergistic or complementary businesses, assets or technologies, and working capital, although as of the date of this prospectus, we
have not entered into any definitive agreements. The amounts and timing of these expenditures will depend on numerous factors, including
the development of our current business initiatives. Our management will have broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds, if any,
we receive in connection with securities offered pursuant to this prospectus for any purpose. Pending use of the net
proceeds, we intend to invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities or in cash or money market
funds. DIVIDEND
POLICY We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends, if any, in the future is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings,
capital requirements and financial condition and other relevant facts. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, to
finance the development and growth of our business. 15 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES WE MAY OFFER General This
prospectus describes the general terms of our securities. The following description is not complete and may not contain all the information
you should consider before investing in our securities. For a more detailed description of these securities, you should read the applicable
provisions of Nevada law and our amended articles of incorporation, referred to herein as our charter, and our amended and restated bylaws,
referred to herein as our bylaws. When we offer to sell a particular series of these securities, we will describe the specific terms
of the series in a supplement to this prospectus. Accordingly, for a description of the terms of any series of securities, you must refer
to both the prospectus supplement relating to that series and the description of the securities described in this prospectus. To the
extent the information contained in the prospectus supplement differs from this summary description, you should rely on the information
in the prospectus supplement. Our
authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares, par value $0.0001 per share, consisting of: 275,000,000 shares of
common stock and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, all of which are currently undesignated. Our authorized but unissued shares
of common stock and preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required
by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded in
the future. We,
directly or through agents, dealers or underwriters designated from time to time, may offer, issue and sell, together or separately,
up to $620,000,000 in the aggregate of: ● | common stock;
● | preferred stock;
● | purchase contracts;
● | warrants to purchase our securities;
● | subscription rights to purchase our securities;
● | depositary shares;
● | secured or unsecured debt securities consisting of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness, which may include senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt securities or subordinated debt securities, each of which may be convertible into equity securities; or
● | units comprised of, or other combinations of, the foregoing securities. We
may issue the debt securities exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock, preferred stock or other securities that may
be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus, or any combination of the foregoing. The preferred stock may also be exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of common stock, another series of preferred stock or other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus,
or any combination of the foregoing. When a particular series of securities is offered, a supplement to this prospectus will be delivered
with this prospectus, which will set forth the terms of the offering and sale of the offered securities. Common
Stock As
of July 22, 2025, there were 41,539,423 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In addition, there were 3,286,254 shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, 3,814,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options,
and 350,748 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units. 16 Our
charter provides that each holder of common stock shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of common stock held of record
by such holder as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote at any meeting of stockholders. The holders of outstanding
shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the payment of dividends of such
times and in such amounts as our board of directors from time to time may determine. Our common stock is not entitled to pre-emptive
rights and is not subject to redemption. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the assets legally available for
distribution to stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock after payment of liquidation preferences,
if any, on any outstanding payment of other claims of creditors. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are
subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
and issue in the future. Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the trading symbol “NNE.” The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. Preferred
Stock As
of July 22, 2025, we had zero shares of preferred stock designated. Pursuant to our charter, our undesignated shares of preferred stock
are “blank check” preferred stock, which means that our board of directors are authorized, without further action by the
stockholders, to establish one or more class or series, and fix the relative rights and preferences of our undesignated preferred stock. In
connection with any offering of undesignated preferred stock, we will fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
preferred stock of each series in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that we file with the
SEC, the form of any certificate of designation that describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering before the
issuance of the related series of preferred stock. This description will include any or all of the following, as required: ● | the title and stated value;
● | the number of shares we are offering;
● | the liquidation preference per share;
● | the purchase price;
● | the dividend rate, period and payment date and method of calculation for dividends;
● | whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate;
● | any contractual limitations on our ability to declare, set aside or pay any dividends;
● | the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any;
● | the provisions for a sinking fund, if any;
● | the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights;
● | any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market;
● | whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period;
● | whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; 17 ● | voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock;
● | preemptive rights, if any;
● | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any;
● | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares;
● | a discussion of any material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock;
● | the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs;
● | any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and
● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. If
we offer shares of preferred stock under this prospectus, after receipt of payment therefor, the shares will be fully paid and non-assessable. Nevada
corporation law provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class on any proposal involving
fundamental changes in the rights of holders of that preferred stock. This right is in addition to any voting rights provided for in
the applicable certificate of designation. Our
board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could be issued quickly with terms designed to delay or prevent
a change in control of our Company or make removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock could
have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock. Purchase
Contracts We
may issue purchase contracts, representing contracts obligating holders to purchase from us, and us to sell to the holders, a specific
or varying number of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, subscription rights, depositary shares, debt securities, or any combination
of the above, at a future date or dates. Alternatively, the purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from holders, and obligate
holders to sell to us, a specific or varying number of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, subscription rights, depositary shares,
debt securities, or any combination of the above. The price of the securities and other property subject to the purchase contracts may
be fixed at the time the purchase contracts are issued or may be determined by reference to a specific formula set forth in the purchase
contracts. The purchase contracts may be issued separately or as a part of a unit that consists of (a) a purchase contract and (b) one
or more of the other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus or any combination of the foregoing, which may secure
the holders’ obligations to purchase the securities under the purchase contract. The purchase contracts may require us to make
periodic payments to the holders or require the holders to make periodic payments to us. These payments may be unsecured or prefunded
and may be paid on a current or on a deferred basis. The purchase contracts may require holders to secure their obligations under the
contracts in a manner specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 18 We
will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current
report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, forms of the purchase contracts and purchase contract agreements, if any. The applicable
prospectus supplement will describe the terms of any purchase contracts in respect of which this prospectus is being delivered, including,
to the extent applicable, the following: ● | whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us to purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract, and the nature and amount of each of those securities, or the method of determining those amounts;
● | whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not;
● | whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by delivery, or by reference or linkage to the value, performance or level of the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract;
● | any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other provisions relating to the settlement of the purchase contracts; and
● | whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully registered or global form. Warrants We
may issue warrants to purchase our securities or other rights, including rights to receive payment in cash or securities based on the
value, rate or price of one or more specified commodities, currencies, securities or indices, or any combination of the foregoing. Warrants
may be issued independently or together with any other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus or any combination
of the foregoing and may be attached to, or separate from, such securities. To the extent warrants that we issue are to be publicly traded,
each series of such warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a warrant agent. We
will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current
report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, forms of the warrants and warrant agreements, if any. The prospectus supplement relating
to any warrants that we may offer will contain the specific terms of the warrants and a description of the material provisions of the
applicable warrant agreement, if any. These terms may include the following: ● | the title of the warrants;
● | the price or prices at which the warrants will be issued;
● | the designation, amount and terms of the securities or other rights for which the warrants are exercisable;
● | the designation and terms of the other securities, if any, with which the warrants are to be issued and the number of warrants issued with each other security;
● | the aggregate number of warrants;
● | any provisions for adjustment of the number or amount of securities receivable upon exercise of the warrants or the exercise price of the warrants;
● | the price or prices at which the securities or other rights purchasable upon exercise of the warrants may be purchased;
● | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the securities or other rights purchasable upon exercise of the warrants will be separately transferable;
● | a discussion of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the exercise of the warrants;
● | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence, and the date on which the right will expire;
● | the maximum or minimum number of warrants that may be exercised at any time;
● | information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; and
● | any other terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the warrants. 19 Each
warrant will entitle the holder of warrants to purchase the amount of securities or other rights, at the exercise price stated or determinable
in the prospectus supplement for the warrants. Warrants may be exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date
shown in the applicable prospectus supplement, unless otherwise specified in such prospectus supplement. After the close of business
on the expiration date, if applicable, unexercised warrants will become void. Warrants may be exercised in the manner described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. When the warrant holder makes the payment and properly completes and signs the warrant certificate
at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon
as possible, forward the securities or other rights that the warrant holder has purchased. If the warrant holder exercises less than
all of the warrants represented by the warrant certificate, we will issue a new warrant certificate for the remaining warrants. Subscription
Rights We
may issue rights to purchase our securities. The rights may or may not be transferable by the persons purchasing or receiving the rights.
In connection with any rights offering, we may enter into a standby underwriting or other arrangement with one or more underwriters or
other persons pursuant to which such underwriters or other persons would purchase any offered securities remaining unsubscribed for after
such rights offering. In connection with a rights offering to holders of our securities, a prospectus supplement will be distributed
to such holders on the record date set by us for receiving rights in the rights offering. We
will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current
report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, forms of the subscription rights, standby underwriting agreements or other agreements,
if any. The prospectus supplement relating to any rights that we offer will include specific terms relating to the offering, including,
among other matters: ● | The record date for determining the security holders entitled to rights;
● | the aggregate number of rights issued and the aggregate amount of securities purchasable upon exercise of the rights;
● | the exercise price, if any;
● | the conditions to completion of the rights offering;
● | the date on which the right to exercise the rights will commence and the date on which the rights will expire; and
● | any applicable federal income tax considerations. Each
right would entitle the holder of the rights to purchase the principal amount of securities at the exercise price, if any, set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement. Rights may be exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date for the
rights provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the close of business on the expiration date, all unexercised rights will
become void. Holders
may exercise rights as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Upon receipt of payment, if any, and the rights certificate
properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust office of the rights agent, if any, or any other office indicated in the
prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, forward the securities purchasable upon exercise of the rights. If less than
all of the rights issued in any rights offering are exercised, we may offer any unsubscribed securities directly to persons other than
stockholders, to or through agents, underwriters or dealers or through a combination of such methods, including pursuant to standby underwriting
arrangements, as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 20 Depositary
Shares General. We may offer fractional shares of preferred stock, rather than full shares of preferred stock. If we decide to offer fractional shares
of preferred stock, we will issue receipts for depositary shares. Each depositary share will represent a fraction of a share of a particular
series of our preferred stock, and the applicable prospectus supplement will indicate that fraction. The shares of preferred stock represented
by depositary shares will be deposited under a deposit agreement between us and a depositary that is a bank or trust company that meets
certain requirements and is selected by us. The depositary will be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each owner of a
depositary share will be entitled to all of the rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the depositary share. The
depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Depositary receipts will be distributed
to those persons purchasing the fractional shares of our preferred stock in accordance with the terms of the offering. We will file as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on
Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, forms of the deposit agreements, forms of the certificates of designation of the underlying preferred
stock, forms of depositary receipts and any other related agreements. Dividends
and Other Distributions . The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received by it in respect
of the preferred stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to such preferred shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary
shares held on the relevant record date. In
the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute securities or property received by it to the record holders
of depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary shares held on the relevant record date, unless the depositary determines
that it is not feasible to make such distribution. In that case, the depositary may make the distribution by such method as it deems
equitable and practicable. One such possible method is for the depositary to sell the securities or property and then distribute the
net proceeds from the sale as provided in the case of a cash distribution. Redemption
of Depositary Shares . Whenever we redeem the preferred stock, the depositary will redeem a number of depositary shares representing
the same number of shares of preferred stock so redeemed. If fewer than all of the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary
shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot, pro rata or by any other equitable method as the depositary may determine. Voting
of Underlying Shares . Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of our preferred stock of any series are entitled
to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice of the meeting to the record holders of the depositary shares
relating to that series of preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct
the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights represented by the number of shares of preferred stock underlying the holder’s
depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, to the extent it is practical to do so, to vote the number of whole shares of preferred
stock underlying such depositary shares in accordance with such instructions. We will agree to take all action that the depositary may
deem reasonably necessary in order to enable the depositary to do so. To the extent the depositary does not receive specific instructions
from the holders of depositary shares relating to such preferred shares, it will abstain from voting such shares of preferred stock. Withdrawal
of Shares . Upon surrender of depositary receipts representing any number of whole shares at the depositary’s office, unless
the related depositary shares previously have been called for redemption, the holder of the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary
receipts will be entitled to delivery of the number of whole shares of the related series of preferred stock and all money and other
property, if any, underlying such depositary shares. However, once such an exchange is made, the preferred stock cannot thereafter be
re-deposited in exchange for depositary shares. Holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive whole shares of the related
series of preferred stock on the basis set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the depositary receipts delivered by the
holder evidence a number of depositary shares representing more than the number of whole shares of preferred stock of the related series
to be withdrawn, the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of
depositary shares. 21 Amendment
and Termination of Depositary Agreement . The form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision
of the applicable depositary agreement may at any time be amended by agreement between us and the depositary. We may, with the consent
of the depositary, amend the depositary agreement from time to time in any manner that we desire. However, if the amendment would materially
and adversely alter the rights of the existing holders of depositary shares, the amendment would need to be approved by the holders of
at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. The
depositary agreement may be terminated by us or the depositary if: ● | all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or
● | there has been a final distribution in respect of the shares of preferred stock of the applicable series in connection with our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and such distribution has been made to the holders of depositary receipts. Resignation
and Removal of Depositary. The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so. We may remove
a depositary at any time. Any resignation or removal will take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance
of appointment. Charges
of Depositary. We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of any depositary
arrangements. We will pay all charges of each depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred shares of any series,
the initial issuance of the depositary shares, any redemption of such preferred shares and any withdrawals of such preferred shares by
holders of depositary shares. Holders of depositary shares will be required to pay any other transfer taxes. Notices. Each depositary will forward to the holders of the applicable depositary shares all notices, reports and communications from us which
are delivered to such depositary and which we are required to furnish the holders of the preferred stock represented by such depositary
shares. Miscellaneous .
The depositary agreement may contain provisions that limit our liability and the liability of the depositary to the holders of depositary
shares. Both the depositary and we are also entitled to an indemnity from the holders of the depositary shares prior to bringing, or
defending against, any legal proceeding. We or any depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or information
provided by persons presenting preferred shares for deposit, holders of depositary shares or other persons believed by us to be competent
and on documents believed by us or them to be genuine. Debt
Securities As
used in this prospectus, the term “debt securities” means the debentures, notes, bonds and other evidences of indebtedness
that we may issue from time to time. The debt securities will be either senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt securities or
subordinated debt securities. We may also issue convertible debt securities. Debt securities may be issued under an indenture, which
is a contract entered into between us and a trustee to be named therein. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which
this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, the indentures
or other agreements, if any. We may issue debt securities and incur indebtedness other than through the offering of debt securities pursuant
to this prospectus. Convertible debt securities may not be issued under an indenture. The
debt securities may be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a secured or unsecured senior or subordinated basis by one or more guarantors,
if any. The obligations of any guarantor under its guarantee will be limited as necessary to prevent that guarantee from constituting
a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law. In the event that any series of debt securities will be subordinated to other indebtedness
that we have outstanding or may incur, the terms of the subordination will be set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the
subordinated debt securities. 22 We
may issue debt securities from time to time in one or more series, in each case with the same or various maturities, at par or at a discount.
Unless indicated in a prospectus supplement, we may issue additional debt securities of a particular series without the consent of the
holders of the debt securities of such series outstanding at the time of the issuance. Any such additional debt securities, together
with all other outstanding debt securities of that series, will constitute a single series of debt securities under the applicable indenture
and will be equal in ranking. Should
an indenture relate to unsecured indebtedness, in the event of a bankruptcy or other liquidation event involving a distribution of assets
to satisfy our outstanding indebtedness or an event of default under a loan agreement relating to secured indebtedness of our company
or its subsidiaries, the holders of such secured indebtedness, if any, would be entitled to receive payment of principal and interest
prior to payments on the unsecured indebtedness. Each
prospectus supplement will describe the terms relating to the specific series of debt securities. These terms will include some or all
of the following: ● | the title of debt securities and whether the debt securities are senior or subordinated;
● | any limit on the aggregate principal amount of debt securities of such series;
● | the percentage of the principal amount at which the debt securities of any series will be issued;
● | the ability to issue additional debt securities of the same series;
● | the purchase price for the debt securities and the denominations of the debt securities;
● | the specific designation of the series of debt securities being offered;
● | the maturity date or dates of the debt securities and the date or dates upon which the debt securities are payable and the rate or rates at which the debt securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, which may be fixed or variable, or the method by which such rate shall be determined;
● | the basis for calculating interest;
● | the date or dates from which any interest will accrue or the method by which such date or dates will be determined;
● | the duration of any deferral period, including the period during which interest payment periods may be extended;
● | whether the amount of payments of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on the debt securities may be determined with reference to any index, formula or other method, such as one or more currencies, commodities, equity indices or other indices, and the manner of determining the amount of such payments; ● | the dates on which we will pay interest on the debt securities and the regular record date for determining who is entitled to the interest payable on any interest payment date;
● | the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the debt securities will be payable, where any securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange or conversion, as applicable, and notices and demands may be delivered to or upon us pursuant to the applicable indenture; ● | the rate or rates of amortization of the debt securities;
● | any terms for the attachment to the debt securities of warrants, options or other rights to purchase or sell our securities; 23 ● | if the debt securities will be secured by any collateral and, if so, a general description of the collateral and the terms and provisions of such collateral security, pledge or other agreements;
● | if we possess the option to do so, the periods within which and the prices at which we may redeem the debt securities, in whole or in part, pursuant to optional redemption provisions, and the other terms and conditions of any such provisions;
● | our obligation or discretion, if any, to redeem, repay or purchase debt securities by making periodic payments to a sinking fund or through an analogous provision or at the option of holders of the debt securities, and the period or periods within which and the price or prices at which we will redeem, repay or purchase the debt securities, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation, and the other terms and conditions of such obligation;
● | the terms and conditions, if any, regarding the option or mandatory conversion or exchange of debt securities;
● | the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which any debt securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part at our option and, if other than by a board resolution, the manner in which any election by us to redeem the debt securities shall be evidenced;
● | any restriction or condition on the transferability of the debt securities of a particular series; ● | the portion, or methods of determining the portion, of the principal amount of the debt securities which we must pay upon the acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities in connection with any event of default;
● | the currency or currencies in which the debt securities will be denominated and in which principal, any premium and any interest will or may be payable or a description of any units based on or relating to a currency or currencies in which the debt securities will be denominated;
● | provisions, if any, granting special rights to holders of the debt securities upon the occurrence of specified events;
● | any deletions from, modifications of or additions to the events of default or our covenants with respect to the applicable series of debt securities, and whether or not such events of default or covenants are consistent with those contained in the applicable indenture;
● | any limitation on our ability to incur debt, redeem stock, sell our assets or other restrictions;
● | the application, if any, of the terms of the applicable indenture relating to defeasance and covenant defeasance (which terms are described below) to the debt securities;
● | what subordination provisions will apply to the debt securities; ● | the terms, if any, upon which the holders may convert or exchange the debt securities into or for our securities or property;
● | whether we are issuing the debt securities in whole or in part in global form;
● | any change in the right of the trustee or the requisite holders of debt securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable because of an event of default;
● | the depositary for global or certificated debt securities, if any; 24 ● | any material federal income tax consequences applicable to the debt securities, including any debt securities denominated and made payable, as described in the prospectus supplements, in foreign currencies, or units based on or related to foreign currencies;
● | any right we may have to satisfy, discharge and defease our obligations under the debt securities, or terminate or eliminate restrictive covenants or events of default in the indenture, by depositing money or U.S. government obligations with the trustee;
● | the names of any trustees, depositories, authenticating or paying agents, transfer agents or registrars or other agents with respect to the debt securities; ● | to whom any interest on any debt security shall be payable, if other than the person in whose name the security is registered, on the record date for such interest, the extent to which, or the manner in which, any interest payable on a temporary global debt security will be paid;
● | if the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities is to be payable in one or more currencies or currency units other than as stated, the currency, currencies or currency units in which it shall be paid and the periods within and terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made and the amounts payable (or the manner in which such amount shall be determined);
● | the portion of the principal amount of any debt securities which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities pursuant to the applicable indenture; ● | if the principal amount payable at the stated maturity of any debt security of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more dates prior to the stated maturity, the amount which shall be deemed to be the principal amount of such debt securities as of any such date for any purpose, including the principal amount thereof which shall be due and payable upon any maturity other than the stated maturity or which shall be deemed to be outstanding as of any date prior to the stated maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount shall be determined); and
● | any other specific terms of the debt securities, including any modifications to the events of default under the debt securities and any other terms which may be required by or advisable under applicable laws or regulations. Unless
otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we do not anticipate the debt securities will be listed on any securities
exchange. Holders of the debt securities may present registered debt securities for exchange or transfer in the manner described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. Except as limited by the applicable indenture, we will provide these services without charge, other
than any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with the exchange or transfer. Debt
securities may bear interest at a fixed rate or a variable rate as specified in the prospectus supplement. In addition, if specified
in the prospectus supplement, we may sell debt securities bearing no interest or interest at a rate that at the time of issuance is below
the prevailing market rate, or at a discount below their stated principal amount. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement
any special federal income tax considerations applicable to these discounted debt securities. We
may issue debt securities with the principal amount payable on any principal payment date, or the amount of interest payable on any interest
payment date, to be determined by referring to one or more currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity indices or other factors.
Holders of such debt securities may receive a principal amount on any principal payment date, or interest payments on any interest payment
date, that are greater or less than the amount of principal or interest otherwise payable on such dates, depending upon the value on
such dates of applicable currency, commodity, equity index or other factors. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information
as to how we will determine the amount of principal or interest payable on any date, as well as the currencies, commodities, equity indices
or other factors to which the amount payable on that date relates and certain additional tax considerations. Units We
may issue units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus in one or more series. We
may evidence each series of units by unit certificates that we may issue under a separate agreement. We may enter into unit agreements
with a unit agent. Each unit agent, if any, may be a bank or trust company that we select. We will indicate the name and address of the
unit agent, if any, in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of units. Specific unit agreements, if any,
will contain additional important terms and provisions. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report that we file with the SEC, the form of unit and the form of each unit
agreement, if any, relating to units offered under this prospectus. 25 If
we offer any units, certain terms of that series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, without
limitation, the following, as applicable: ● | the title of the series of units;
● | identification and description of the separate constituent securities comprising the units;
● | the price or prices at which the units will be issued;
● | the date, if any, on and after which the constituent securities comprising the units will be separately transferable;
● | a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the units; and
● | any other material terms of the units and their constituent securities. FORMS
OF SECURITIES Each
security may be represented either by a certificate issued in definitive form to a particular investor or by one or more global securities
representing the entire issuance of securities. Certificated securities in definitive form and global securities will be issued in registered
form. Definitive securities name you or your nominee as the owner of the security, and in order to transfer or exchange these securities
or to receive payments other than interest or other interim payments, you or your nominee must physically deliver the securities to the
trustee, registrar, paying agent or other agent, as applicable. Global securities name a depositary or its nominee as the owner of the
debt securities, warrants or units represented by these global securities. The depositary maintains a computerized system that will reflect
each investor’s beneficial ownership of the securities through an account maintained by the investor with its broker-dealer, bank,
trust company or other representative, as we explain more fully below. Registered
Global Securities We
may issue the securities in the form of one or more fully registered global securities that will be deposited with a depositary or its
nominee identified in the applicable prospectus supplement and registered in the name of that depositary or nominee. In those cases,
one or more registered global securities will be issued in a denomination or aggregate denominations equal to the portion of the aggregate
principal or face amount of the securities to be represented by registered global securities. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole
for securities in definitive registered form, a registered global security may not be transferred except as a whole by and among the
depositary for the registered global security, the nominees of the depositary or any successors of the depositary or those nominees. The
specific terms of the depositary arrangement with respect to any securities to be represented by a registered global security will be
described in the prospectus supplement relating to those securities. We anticipate that the following provisions will apply to all depositary
arrangements. Ownership
of beneficial interests in a registered global security will be limited to persons, called participants, that have accounts with the
depositary or persons that may hold interests through participants. Upon the issuance of a registered global security, the depositary
will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the participants’ accounts with the respective principal or face
amounts of the securities beneficially owned by the participants. Any dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution
of the securities will designate the accounts to be credited. Ownership of beneficial interests in a registered global security will
be shown on, and the transfer of ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the depositary, with respect
to interests of participants, and on the records of participants, with respect to interests of persons holding through participants.
The laws of some states may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of these securities in definitive form.
These laws may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge beneficial interests in registered global securities. So
long as the depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a registered global security, that depositary or its nominee, as the
case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the securities represented by the registered global security for all purposes
under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement or unit agreement. 26 Except
as described below, owners of beneficial interests in a registered global security will not be entitled to have the securities represented
by the registered global security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the securities
in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or holders of the securities under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement
or unit agreement. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a registered global security must rely on the procedures
of the depositary for that registered global security and, if that person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant
through which the person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement or unit
agreement. We understand that under existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or if an owner of a beneficial interest
in a registered global security desires to give or take any action that a holder is entitled to give or take under the applicable indenture,
warrant agreement or unit agreement, the depositary for the registered global security would authorize the participants holding the relevant
beneficial interests to give or take that action, and the participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through them to give
or take that action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners holding through them. Payments
to holders with respect to securities represented by a registered global security registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee
will be made to the depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the registered global security. None of
the Company, the trustees, the warrant agents, the unit agents or any other agent of the Company, agent of the trustees, the warrant
agents or unit agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of
beneficial ownership interests in the registered global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to
those beneficial ownership interests. We
expect that the depositary for any of the securities represented by a registered global security, upon receipt of any payment of principal,
premium, interest or other payment or distribution to holders of that registered global security, will immediately credit participants’
accounts in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in that registered global security as shown on the records
of the depositary. We also expect that payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in a registered global security held
through participants will be governed by standing customer instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with the securities
held for the accounts of customers or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of those participants. If
the depositary for any of these securities represented by a registered global security is at any time unwilling or unable to continue
as depositary or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary registered as a clearing
agency under the Exchange Act is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue securities in definitive form in exchange for the
registered global security that had been held by the depositary. Any securities issued in definitive form in exchange for a registered
global security will be registered in the name or names that the depositary gives to the relevant trustee, warrant agent, unit agent
or other relevant agent of ours or theirs. It is expected that the depositary’s instructions will be based upon directions received
by the depositary from participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the registered global security that had been
held by the depositary. 27 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell the securities from time to time to or through underwriters or dealers, through agents or directly to one or more purchasers.
A distribution of the securities offered by this prospectus may also be effected through the issuance of derivative securities, including
without limitation warrants, subscription rights or depositary shares. In addition, the manner in which we may sell some or all of the
securities covered by this prospectus includes, without limitation, through: ● | a block trade in which a broker-dealer will attempt to sell as agent, but may position or resell a portion of the block as principal in order to facilitate the transaction;
● | purchases by a broker-dealer, as principal, and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; or
● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which a broker solicits purchasers. A
prospectus supplement or supplements with respect to each series of securities will describe the terms of the offering, including, to
the extent applicable: ● | the types and terms of the securities being offered;
● | the name or names of the underwriters, dealers or agents and the amounts of securities underwritten or purchased by each of them, if any;
● | the public offering price or purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds to be received by us from the sale;
● | any delayed delivery requirements;
● | any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us;
● | any underwriting discounts or agency fees and other items constituting underwriters’ or agents’ compensation;
● | any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers; and
● | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. The
offer and sale of the securities described in this prospectus by us, the underwriters or the third parties described above may be effected
from time to time in one or more transactions, including privately negotiated transactions, either: ● | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed;
● | in an “at the market” offering within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act;
● | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or
● | at negotiated prices. Only
underwriters named in a prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by such prospectus supplement. 28 Underwriters
and Agents; Direct Sales If
underwriters are used in a sale, they will acquire the offered securities for their own account and may resell the offered securities
from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices
determined at the time of sale. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters
or by underwriters without a syndicate. Unless
the prospectus supplement states otherwise, the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions
set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all
of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement, other than securities covered by any over-allotment option. Any public offering
price and any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers may change from time to time. We may use underwriters
with whom we have a material relationship. We will describe in the prospectus supplement, naming the underwriter, the nature of any such
relationship. We
may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale
of securities, and we will describe any commissions we will pay the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement
states otherwise, any agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. Dealers We
may sell the offered securities to dealers as principals. The dealer may then resell such securities to the public either at varying
prices to be determined by the dealer or at a fixed offering price agreed to with us at the time of resale. Institutional
Purchasers We
may authorize agents, dealers or underwriters to solicit certain institutional investors to purchase offered securities on a delayed
delivery basis pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified future date. The applicable prospectus
supplement or other offering materials, as the case may be, will provide the details of any such arrangement, including the offering
price and commissions payable for the solicitations. We
will enter into such delayed contracts only with institutional purchasers that we approve. These institutions may include commercial
and savings banks, insurance companies, pension funds, investment companies and educational and charitable institutions. Indemnification;
Other Relationships We
may provide agents, underwriters, dealers and remarketing firms with indemnification against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities.
Agents, underwriters, dealers and remarketing firms, and their affiliates, may engage in transactions with, or perform services for,
us in the ordinary course of business. These may include commercial banking and investment banking transactions, among other services. Market-Making;
Stabilization and Other Transactions There
is currently no market for any of the offered securities, other than our common stock, which is quoted on Nasdaq. If the offered securities
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest
rates, the market for similar securities and other factors. While it is possible that an underwriter could inform us that it intends
to make a market in the offered securities, such underwriter would not be obligated to do so, and any such market-making could be discontinued
at any time without notice. Therefore, no assurance can be given as to whether an active trading market will develop for the offered
securities. We have no current plans for listing of any debt securities, preferred stock, warrants or subscription rights on any securities
exchange or quotation system; any such listing with respect to any particular debt securities, preferred stock, warrants or subscription
rights will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement or other offering materials, as the case may be. Any
underwriter may engage in over-allotment, stabilizing transactions, syndicate-covering or other short-covering transactions and penalty
bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Over-allotment involves
sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying
security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering or other short-covering transactions
involve purchases of the securities, either through exercise of the over-allotment option or in the open market after the distribution
is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities
originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause
the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of these activities
at any time. Any
underwriters or agents that are qualified market makers on Nasdaq may engage in passive market making transactions in our common stock
on Nasdaq in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before
the commencement of offers or sales of our common stock. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations
and must be identified as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of
the highest independent bid for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however,
the passive market maker’s bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize
the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued
at any time. Fees
and Commissions If
5% or more of the net proceeds of any offering of securities made under this prospectus will be received by a FINRA member participating
in the offering or affiliates or associated persons of such FINRA member, the offering will be conducted in accordance with FINRA Rule
5121. 29 LEGAL
MATTERS Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed
upon for us by Parsons Behle & Latimer, Reno, Nevada. If legal matters in connection with offerings made by this prospectus are passed
on by counsel for the underwriters, dealers or agents, if any, then such counsel will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Nano Nuclear Energy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, as of and for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, incorporated in this prospectus by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2024, have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, an independent registered public accounting
firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This
prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the SEC under the Securities Act and does not contain
all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus
to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are
a part of the registration statement, or to the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus,
for a copy of such contract, agreement or other document. We file annual, quarterly and periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC, using its EDGAR system. The SEC provides free public access, through its website, to items publicly filed in
the EDGAR system, including our items. The address of the SEC’s website is http//www.sec.gov . We
also maintain a website at www.nanonuclearenergy.com . You may access these materials at our website free of charge as soon
as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained in, or that can be
accessed through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE We
are “incorporating by reference” in this prospectus certain documents we have filed or will file with the SEC, which means
that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered
to be part of this prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information.
We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings made with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act (1) after the date of the initial registration statement, as amended, and prior to effectiveness of the registration
statement, and (2) after the date of this prospectus and prior to the termination of this offering, from their respective filing dates
(other than any portions thereof, which under the Exchange Act, and applicable SEC rules, are not deemed “filed” under the
Exchange Act). Such information will automatically update and supersede the information contained in this prospectus and the documents
listed below: 1.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 (the “2024
Annual Report”); 2.
Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025 and May 15, 2025 , respectively (the “Quarterly Reports”); 3.
Our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on February 28, 2025 and our Proxy Statement Supplement filed with the SEC on March 26, 2025 ; 4.
Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2024 , October 25, 2024 , October 30, 2024 , November 27, 2024 , December 26, 2024 , January 14, 2025 , March 12, 2025 , April 24, 2025 , May 29, 2025 , June 5, 2025 and June 10, 2025 , respectively (excluding any information therein disclosed under Items 2.02 or 7.01 or any
corresponding information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit); and 5.
The description of our shares of common stock contained in the our registration statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on May
6, 2024. In
addition, all documents and/or reports that we file with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Exchange Act
subsequent to the date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and prior to the termination or completion of
any applicable offering of securities under this prospectus or the filing of a post-effective amendment to such registration statement
that indicates that all securities offered under this prospectus have been sold, or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold,
will be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of the information that we disclose under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, or any corresponding
information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit, that we may from time to time furnish to the SEC, will be incorporated
by reference in, or otherwise included in, this prospectus, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the relevant document. Subject
to the foregoing, all information appearing in this prospectus is qualified in its entirety by the information appearing in the documents
incorporated by reference. You
may request, orally or in writing, a copy of the documents we incorporate by reference, which will be provided to you at no cost (other
than exhibits, unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference), by contacting our Secretary, c/o Nano Nuclear Energy
Inc. at 10 Times Square, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10018. Our telephone number is (212) 634-9206. 30 $620,000,000 COMMON
STOCK PREFERRED
STOCK PURCHASE
CONTRACTS WARRANTS SUBSCRIPTION
RIGHTS DEPOSITARY
SHARES DEBT
SECURITIES UNITS PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS [●],
2025 The
information contained in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. No securities may be sold until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities,
and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS | SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JULY 25, 2025 Up
to $400,000,000 of Shares of Common Stock Nano
Nuclear Energy, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) has entered into a sales agreement
(the “Agreement”) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TD Cowen”), UBS Securities LLC and Piper Sandler & Co.
(each a “Sales Agent” and together, the “Sales Agents”), relating to the sale of shares of our common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (our “common stock”), offered by this prospectus (including the base prospectus contained within
the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of which this prospectus forms a part) (referred to herein as the “prospectus”). In
accordance with the terms of the Agreement, we may offer and sell up to $400,000,000 of shares of our common stock from
time to time through or to the Sales Agents acting as agents or principals. Our
common stock is listed on the Capital Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “NNE.”
The last reported sale price of our common stock on July 22, 2025 was $34.25 per share. Sales
of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus may be made in negotiated transactions, including block trades, or transactions that
are deemed to be “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, including sales made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions, including directly on Nasdaq, or sales made to or through
a market maker other than on an exchange, at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices
or by any other method permitted by law. The Sales Agents are not required to sell any specific dollar amount of shares but will use
commercially reasonable efforts to sell on our behalf all of the shares requested to be sold by us, consistent with their normal trading
and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between us and the Sales Agents. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any
escrow, trust or similar arrangement. The Sales Agents may also purchase shares of our common stock as principals. The
compensation to the Sales Agents for sales of common stock sold pursuant to the Agreement will be an amount up to 3% of the gross proceeds
of any shares of common stock sold under the Agreement. In connection with the sale of our common stock on our behalf, the Sales Agents
may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation of the Sales Agents may
be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page S-22 for additional
information regarding underwriting compensation. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the Sales Agents
with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. An
investment in the securities offered through this prospectus is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should review
carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-17 of this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities
or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. TD Cowen | UBS Investment Bank | Piper Sandler The
date of this prospectus is [●], 2025. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
About This Prospectus | S-1
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements | S-2
Prospectus Summary | S-4
The Offering | S-16
Risk Factors | S-17
Use of Proceeds | S-19
Dilution | S-20
Description of Securities We Are Offering | S-21
Plan of Distribution | S-22
Legal Matters | S-23
Experts | S- 23
Where You Can Find More Information | S- 23
Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference | S- 23 S- i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, employing
a “shelf” registration process Under this prospectus, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate
offering price of up to $400,000,000 from time to time at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time
of offering. You
should assume that the information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus is accurate
only as of the respective dates of those documents. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus,
on the one hand, and the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus that was filed with the SEC
before the date of this prospectus, on the other hand, you should rely on the information in this prospectus. If any statement in one
of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date — for example, a document incorporated
by reference in this prospectus that was filed with the SEC after the date of this prospectus — the statement in the document having
the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. This
prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the
actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some
of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the section entitled
“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” The representations,
warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference in
the prospectus were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating
risk among the parties to such agreement, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such
representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly, such representations, warranties and
covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. We
urge you to read carefully this prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation
of Certain Information by Reference,” before investing in any of the securities being offered. You should rely only on the information
contained in, or incorporated by reference in, this prospectus. We have not, and the Sales Agents have not, authorized anyone to provide
you with information that is in addition to or different from the information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. S- 1 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS The
information in this prospectus and any related free writing prospectuses, together with any information incorporated by reference in
this prospectus, contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section
21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating
results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements. You
can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “could,”
“would,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “potential,” “project,” “target,”
“continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements may contain
these words. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are based largely on our current expectations and projections about
future events and financial trends that we reasonably believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual outcomes could differ materially
from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future business, financial condition and results of operations,
as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change given the inherent risks and uncertainties of market and industry conditions. Forward-looking
statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future outcomes. Forward-looking statements present estimates and assumptions only
as of the date on the cover of the document in which they are contained, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
dates on which they are made. Important factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: ● | Our ability to design, develop, manufacture, demonstrate, obtain regulatory approval for and ultimately sell our proposed nuclear reactors or other products, technologies or services we are developing.
● | Our ability to source or internally develop the necessary fuel supply chain to power our next generation of advanced nuclear reactors.
● | Our ability to source or internally develop the required transportation capabilities to move our reactors, their fuel, and other special materials critical to the commercial deployment of our reactor systems.
● | Our ability to build internally, and to externally provide, nuclear service support and consultation services for the expanding and resurgent nuclear energy industry, both domestically and internationally.
● | Our ability to source, retain, and expand our technical and business staff to meet the demands of our expanding and diversifying business.
● | Our ability to raise the substantial amount of additional funds that will be necessary for our business to succeed, which funds may not be available on acceptable terms or available at all.
● | Assumptions relating to the size of the market for our nuclear reactors or other products, technologies or services we are developing.
● | Our ability to navigate the complex and time-consuming nuclear regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions we operate, including unanticipated regulations or regulatory failures that could add barriers, time and cost to our business plans.
● | Our estimates of future expenses, capital requirements, revenue potential and our needs for, or ability to obtain, additional financing. S- 2 ● | Our status as an early-stage pre-revenue company in a rapidly evolving and complex industry with a business model that is still being developed and is largely untested.
● | Our ability to avoid a significant disruption in our information technology system, including security breaches, or our ability to implement new system and software successfully.
● | Our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products.
● | The other forward-looking statements regarding our company and its prospects included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus including, without limitation, those under “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business” as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with. Forward-looking statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth under
“Risk Factors” and elsewhere contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. All written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained above and throughout this prospectus. Prior to investing in our common stock, you should read this prospectus, our filings
incorporated by reference herein and the documents we have filed as exhibits to this registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we currently expect. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. INDUSTRY
AND MARKET DATA Unless
otherwise indicated, data concerning economic conditions, our industry, our markets and our competitive position are based on a variety
of sources, including information from third-party industry analysts, publications, surveys and forecasts and our own estimates and research.
These data involve a number of assumptions, estimates and limitations. Industry publications, surveys and forecasts and other public
information generally indicate or suggest that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. None of the
third-party industry data used in this prospectus were prepared on our behalf. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors”. These and other
factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these data. TRADEMARKS We
own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our businesses, our corporate names,
logos and websites. We may make references to our trademarks and service marks, and to those belonging to other entities. Solely for
convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to may appear without ® or ™ or similar symbols, but
such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law,
our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other
companies’ trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or an endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any
other companies. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. S- 3 PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights certain information appearing elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Because it is only a summary,
it does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in the shares offered hereby and it is qualified
in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus. This summary contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our
plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions, or future events. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” before
you decide to invest in our common stock, you should also read the entire prospectus carefully, including “Risk Factors”
beginning on page S-17, “Summary of Consolidated Financial Information” beginning on page S-12, and the financial
statements and related notes included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Unless
the context indicates otherwise, as used in this prospectus, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “our
company,” “Nano Nuclear” and “our business” refer to Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview We
are an early-stage nuclear energy company, developing smaller, cheaper, and safer advanced clean energy solutions, utilizing proprietary
reactor designs, intellectual property, and research methods, to contribute towards a sustainable future. Led by a world class scientific
and management team, our business plan involves comprehensive engagement across every sector of the nuclear power and energy industry,
traversing the path from sourcing raw materials through to developing cutting edge advanced nuclear microreactors. Our dedication extends
further, encompassing ambitions within the commercial nuclear fuel transportation sector, the nuclear energy fuel supply chain, technology
development, and nuclear consulting services. Currently,
we are in the pre-revenue stage and are principally focused on four business lines as part of our development strategy: ● | Nuclear Reactor Business . We are developing the next generation of advanced nuclear microreactors, in particular (i) the fixed installation KRONOS MMR™ Energy System , (ii) ZEUS , a portable modular solid core battery reactor, (iii) ODIN , a portable modular low-pressure coolant reactor, and (iv) the space focused, portable LOKI MMR™ . Through the collaboration of our world-renowned nuclear scientists and engineers, the U.S. national nuclear laboratories, and government support, we believe our reactors will have the potential to impact the global energy landscape. Our goal is to commercially launch one of these products in the early 2030s.
On January 10, 2025, we closed the asset acquisition of the KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System and the LOKI MMR ™ from Ultra Safe Nuclear Corporation (“USNC”). These assets include certain contracts, intellectual property rights, prior demonstration projects, and pursuant to an arrangement with an affiliated entity described below, the equity interests of a Canadian entity, free and clear of any liens other than certain specified liabilities of USNC that were assumed, for a total purchase price of $8.5 million in cash through an auction conducted pursuant to Section 363 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in connection with USNC’s pending Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. We consider this purchase price to be advantageous for us as we believe based on publicly available information that USNC raised over $120 million for the development of the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System and that a major data center operator had conducted due diligence on the project while it was being developed by USNC. On December 18, 2024, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, the Bankruptcy Court overseeing USNC’s bankruptcy held a hearing where it approved the sale of the USNC Assets to us. The KRONOS and LOKI assets purchased from USNC included five contracts with third-party collaborators, 38 issued, pending or published patents, 16 registered, pending or published trademarks, and any other technology and intellectual property related to the acquired businesses, rights related to a demonstration project related to the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in the United States and the business records of the acquired businesses and related confidentiality rights. We acquired these assets through two new wholly owned subsidiaries incorporated in Nevada. The acquired assets also included certain Canadian assets (the “Canadian Assets”), including three contracts with Canadian authorities, the equity interests of a Canadian partnership and rights related to a demonstration project related to the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in Canada, the transfer of which need the consent of certain Canadian governmental entities (the “Canadian Consents”), with an escrow of $250,000 deposited at the closing securing the Canadian Consents. If the Canadian Consents are not received within 90 days after the closing, we shall have the right to terminate the acquisition of the Canadian Assets and receive the return of $250,000 held in escrow. To better facilitate the Canadian Consents and to continue diligence of the Canadian partnership and other Canadian Assets, our disinterested directors unanimously approved the assignment of our rights to the Canadian Assets to Jay Jiang Yu, our founder, President, Secretary and Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board, and certain Canadian entities owned or controlled by Mr. Yu (the “Yu Entities”). In exchange, on January 10, 2025, the Company entered into an option agreement (“Yu Option Agreement”) with Mr. Yu and Yu Entities, pursuant to which the Company received an option back from Mr. Yu and the Yu Entities to acquire for nominal consideration, for a period of five years beginning with the receipt by the Yu Entities of the Canadian Assets upon receiving the Canadian Consents, any or all of the equity interests of the Yu Entities or the Canadian partnership, the other Canadian Assets or the material assets and business of the Canadian partnership. As of the date of this prospectus, while we are operating as the successor to the Canadian Assets in terms of discussions with Canadian authorities and third parties as well as planning activities, we and the Yu Entities are continuing to ascertain the ideal structure for our formal acquisition of the Canadian Assets. S- 4 The KRONOS MMR ™ reactor targets new markets beyond those targeted by our smaller microreactors, which are designed for more remote locations, such as island and remote communities, remote industry such as mining projects or oil and gas. The KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System reactor will target larger population centers, industrial heat for larger industries, data and artificial intelligence centers for the tech industry, and LOKI MMR ™ will target extra-terrestrial applications. In early April 2025, we signed a strategic collaboration with the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (“UIUC”) to construct the first KRONOS MMR™ Energy System research reactor on the university’s campus. In mid-April 2025, we launched a recruitment initiative focused on the Midwest region to support our ambitious plans to construct, demonstrate and gain regulatory approval for full-scale KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System in both the United States and Canada. In late April 2025, the NRC issued its final Safety Evaluation (SE) approving the Fuel Qualification Methodology Topical Report (FQM TR) for the advanced fuel design to be used in our stationary KRONOS MMR™ Energy System. The diversity of products positions us to capitalize on growing financial investment and societal momentum driving advanced nuclear energy technologies on a global scale across multiple different areas. We will leverage our world-class technical team to analyze and optimize these technologies, key components, and intellectual property, before integrating them into its operational frameworks and ongoing innovative efforts. We also intend to build upon and strengthen the extensive industry relationships that USNC established during its operations, including those with UIUC and the Canadian Government to build prototype reactors. Once operational in the future, our plan is to be able to sell a majority of the energy produced at the UIUC KRONOS MMR ™ reactor, with UIUC retaining a portion for its own use.
Our ZEUS and ODIN microreactors have moved from the design stages to physical test work stages, with materials testing, irradiation testing, and initial rig construction currently underway, to ensure the accuracy of our modelled reactors and to optimize the dimensions and composition of the systems. We have conducted and completed external design audits on both the ZEUS and ODIN reactor designs to provide external validation for our designs. The design audits for the reactors were conducted and completed by the Idaho National Laboratory (“INL”). We have communicated with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (“NRC”) and Department of Energy (“DOE”), informing them of the status of our microreactor designs and the estimated internal timelines for our microreactor developments, with an understanding that definite timelines will be provided once available, to allow the NRC to arrange the necessary personnel to oversee the microreactor licensing process. We increased the size of the technical teams during 2024 and 2025 to expedite the development of the reactor systems, as well as recruiting former NRC personnel to oversee our regulatory licensing processes, and to engage directly with the NRC to facilitate the commercialization planning. In January 2025, we announced that we had contracted with Thermal Engineering International (TEi), a Babcock Power Inc. ® company, to advance the design and fabrication of several heat exchangers for use in our ODIN microreactor in development. In March 2025, six additional professionals, including Radwan Nassim Kheroua, Dr. Andrew Steer, James Leybourn, Simon Boddington, Luke Godfrey, and Jake Miles joined our U.K.-based nuclear science and engineering partner Cambridge AtomWorks, led by Professors Ian Farnan and Eugene Shwageraus. Cambridge AtomWorks personnel are leading the development of our ODIN microreactor. In March 2025, we announced that we had assembled the first reactor core hardware of our ZEUS microreactor for initial non-nuclear testing. Given our corporate emphasis on the KRONOS MMR ™ reactor and the fact that all of our reactor designs, except for ODIN, are high-temperature gas-cooled reactors, we are considering strategic alternatives for ODIN. These alternatives are intended to monetize our investment in the project to date and enable us to allocate more time and resources to the KRONOS MMR ™ reactor and our other designs and technologies. S- 5 In addition, in August 2024, we purchased a 14,000 sq. ft., 2-story building in Oak Ridge, Tennessee for $1.7 million to house our Nuclear Technology Headquarters. Michael Norato, Ph.D., an INL and DOE veteran, was appointed as our Director of Nuclear Facilities and Infrastructure in December 2024. Dr. Norato will oversee the construction, development and licensing of our key facilities, including our recently acquired 14,000 sq. ft. Oak Ridge, Tennessee Nuclear Technology Headquarters and future test bed reactor sites for experiments related to our ZEUS and ODIN microreactors currently in development. He will also lead the establishment of deconversion and fuel processing facilities, helping to further our goal of being a vertically integrated leader in the U.S. nuclear fuel cycle. We expect to increase the number of personnel working at the facility over the next year and expect to ultimately employ up to 30 personnel at the facility. We are also currently undertaking approximately $800,000 of renovation work on the facility as well.
In January 2025, we entered into a lease for a facility in Westchester County, New York where we have established a purpose-built facility to assemble and demonstrate the operation and viability of several non-nuclear parts and components of our nuclear microreactors in development. In February 2025, we engaged aRobotics Company, a leading innovator in robotics fabrication, inspection, engineering and testing, to oversee the multimillion dollar build out of this facility. aRobotics has also assisted us with the fabrication of key components for the facility. We committed approximately $3 million to retrofit this facility. In May 2025, we announced the completion of our retrofit of our demonstration facility and the commencement of operations there. Our demonstration facility is currently supporting ongoing work on our SBIR Phase III project for our Annular Linear Induction Pump (ALIP) technology, which has been assembled onto a test loop and integrated to a controllable test setup for variable design validation at the facility. We anticipate commercializing ALIP by the end of 2025 or in 2026. In July 2025, we announced that we will provide critical engineering and environmental services for our planned construction and deployment activities at UIUC for our KRONOS MMR ™ Energy System. As part of this initiative, we have engaged AECOM, a global infrastructure leader, under a master services agreement to support site-specific engineering, environmental analysis and regulatory planning at UIUC. The agreement lays the groundwork for site-specific engineering in preparation for deploying the first KRONOS MMR ™ at UIUC, a globally recognized hub for nuclear research and innovation. Planned activities include detailed environmental reviews, regulatory pathway planning, and site drilling to obtain the geological data required for submitting a construction permit application to the NRC. We anticipate submitting our construction permit application to the NRC towards the end of 2025, or early 2026, and receiving the construction permit later in 2026. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet this anticipated timeline, as the submission is subject to the completion of ongoing technical, regulatory, and operational preparations, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this is expected to be the first construction permit for a microreactor issued in the United States. The permit application will not incur any government fees, as the KRONOS reactor, due to its location at UIUC, qualifies for a fee exemption under applicable regulations due to its use for research purposes. In tandem with upcoming geological characterization work at the UIUC site, we have launched a recruitment initiative focused on the Midwest region to support our plans to construct, demonstrate and gain regulatory approval for full-scale KRONOS MMR ™ in both the United States and Canada. This workforce build-out will consolidate the expertise and provide the personnel necessary to complete the construction permit application and begin construction of the first KRONOS prototype on the UIUC campus shortly thereafter. To support this effort, we are actively exploring the purchase of an office or facility in the greater Chicago area to house these personnel.
● | Fuel Processing Business . Through our subsidiary, HALEU Energy Fuel Inc., and in coordination with the DOE, we are seeking to develop a domestic low-enriched uranium (LEU) and high-assay low-enriched uranium (HALEU) fuel supply chain to supply fuel not only for our own reactors but also to the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. We have tentatively identified the site where we intend to construct the facilities and have begun to build the team to design and develop these facilities. S- 6 We have also made a $2 million strategic investment in and entered into a collaboration with a laser-based uranium enrichment technology company, LIS Technologies Inc. (“LIST”) (which is a related party), to support the development of their technology. Through this investment and related collaboration, we aim to assist in advancing LIST’s technologies to secure a reliable low enriched uranium fuel supply for our future operations and the broader nuclear energy industry. The parties intend that LIST will provide us with enriched uranium hexafluoride (UF6) at no cost to be fabricated and sold to customers, with LIST to receive compensation as part of a profit-sharing arrangement to be agreed upon between the companies in the future. Through collaboration with LIST, we intend to construct the supporting facilities alongside LIST’s enrichment facility, including the deconversion and fuel fabrication facilities, and conversion if necessary. We also leased 7,000 square feet of space at our Nuclear Technology Center in Oak Ridge, Tennessee to LIST. Our relationship with LIST is considered a related party transaction since certain of our executive directors and officers, including Jay Jiang Yu and Dr. Tsun Yee Law, also serve as directors and officers for LIST, and James Walker and Jaisun Garcha serve as consultants to LIST. Our investment in LIST was unanimously approved by all of our disinterested independent directors.
In December 2024, we announced that LIST and our company were selected by the DOE to participate as one of six contract awardees in the DOE’s Low-Enriched Uranium (LEU) Enrichment Acquisition Program (“LEU Acquisition Program”). Under the contract awarded to LIST, LIST was selected as the prime contractor, with our company as the key subcontractor bringing our technical and regulatory expertise in advanced nuclear solutions to the collaboration. LIST will oversee the development of the primary uranium enrichment processes using its novel laser technology, while our company will contribute towards development in the areas of fuel deconversion, fuel fabrication, and fuel transportation. The total overall amount appropriated under the LEU Acquisition Program across all six contract awardees is anticipated to be $3.4 billion, to be awarded by the DOE via agreed to task orders each having a minimum value of $2 million. ● | Fuel Transportation Business . Our transportation business will build on existing work completed at INL, Oak Ridge National Laboratory (“ORNL”) and Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (“PNNL”), the world’s premier U.S.-backed nuclear research facilities. We received an exclusive license for a high capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket design in April 2024, which will form the basis of a complete transportation system. This license grants us, as the licensee, exclusive rights for the use and development of the technology. In addition, the licensor is not permitted to license the technology to any other parties within the specified scope. We believe this technology is the most advanced concept in the United States for moving HALEU in commercial quantities. We are currently conducting work to modify the design to accommodate a variety of different fuel forms, so we are positioned to move fuel for both of our reactors and to enable us to provide transportation services to any nuclear company looking to move commercial quantities of fuel. In September 2024, we signed an agreement with GNS Gesellschaft für Nuklear-Service mbH (“GNS”) to undertake a wide-ranging project to produce an optimized HALEU transportation system solution based on our exclusively licensed fuel transportation basket design. The GNS agreement encompasses a study for the transport of multiple HALEU nuclear fuel types, including uranium oxide, TRISO particles, uranium-zirconium hydride, uranium mononitride, and salt fuel for molten salt reactors, thus optimizing the quantity of material that can be transported and developing a conceptual package design that will accommodate the new basket design. We also seek to acquire assets and existing businesses within the nuclear transportation industry to possess our company with the capabilities to internally move the materials, reactors, and fuels inherent within a reactor deployment operation, although we have not entered into any definitive agreements as of the date of this reoffer prospectus. We intend to obtain NRC certification for our high-capacity HALEU transportation system to move commercial quantities of HALEU fuel around North America and internationally. If developed and commercialized, we believe this product will serve as the basis for a domestic HALEU transportation company capable of providing commercial quantities of HALEU fuel. We hope to put our fuel transportation business into operation by 2028. We have also brought on two former United Parcel Service (UPS) executives, one of which works for our fuel transportation subsidiary, with the other sitting on our Executive Advisory Board, to assist in growing the transportation business around our technology . S- 7 In June 2025, we announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding with the Namibia Industrial Development Agency (NIDA) to explore collaborative opportunities focused on developing the domestic nuclear fuel supply chain infrastructure within the Republic of Namibia. This memorandum represents a shared vision between us and NIDA to add significant value to Namibia’s uranium resources, support industrial development, and create new opportunities for Namibian citizens within the global nuclear energy market. Under the memorandum, we and NIDA will work together to evaluate opportunities related to the development of infrastructure, technology transfer, education, job creation, and local workforce development in support of Namibia’s national nuclear energy development goals. NIDA will help coordinate government and stakeholder engagement, while we will lead assessments related to industrial capability, fuel logistics, and potential international nuclear fuel supply contracts for NIDA.
In July 2025, we announced that we have signed a memorandum of understanding with UrAmerica Ltd. (“UrAmerica”), a private exploration company with a package of uranium and other critical metals licenses primarily in Chubut Province, Argentina. The newly signed memorandum formalizes the discussions that we initiated with UrAmerica to explore strategic development across Argentina’s uranium-fuel supply chain. We are currently working together to evaluate specific opportunities, ranging from mining and conversion to UF₆ feedstock supply, that could aid us in securing a dependable source of material for future supply chain options. Such evaluations may lead to the signing of definitive agreements between us and UrAmerica related to particular projects. Through this memorandum, we and UrAmerica aim to build the mining and milling capacities of the uranium supply chain in Argentina with the intention to be a part of the uranium fuel cycle exports into the U.S. Under the memorandum, we will pursue (i) favorable uranium offtake agreements, (ii) potential investments in mineral production and (iii) fuel-cycle infrastructure, and (iv) future joint ventures or related collaboration. One of our goals in entering into the memorandum is to help modernize Argentina’s nuclear sector while strengthening U.S. energy security by sourcing materials for nuclear fuel from a reliable partner.
● | Nuclear Consultation Services. We also plan on providing nuclear service support and consultation services for the expanding and resurgent nuclear energy industry, both domestically and internationally. This business opportunity represents our nearest term revenue generating opportunity. Our goal is to start providing nuclear service support and consultation services for the nuclear energy industry in 2025. As part of our domestic initiatives, following our collaboration with Digihost Technology Inc. (“Digihost”) in December 2024, we provided consulting services to Digihost from April to June 2025, despite not having formally launched our consulting service offerings. Our consulting support contributed to the planning and execution of the Digihost project and included regulatory advice, site assessment, roadmap development, and stakeholder engagement. We are currently under discussion with Digihost about providing consulting services to them in future, but as of the date of this prospectus, we have not entered into any definitive agreement with them. We are also currently evaluating strategic acquisitions or collaborations to expand our business operations and formally establish our consulting services, and have commenced several material discussions with potential targets for such acquisitions or collaborations, but as of the date of this reoffer prospectus, we have not entered into any definitive agreements for such acquisitions or collaborations. In combination with our intention to acquire existing revenue generating consultancy businesses, we are focusing on building our own internal nuclear consultation business in coordination with certain outside academic institutions, which we anticipate would require approximately $2 million over the next twelve months to recruit additional staff and build corresponding infrastructure to be capable of providing these services. Our
Mission Our
mission is to become a commercially focused, diversified and vertically integrated nuclear energy company that will capture market share
in the very large and growing nuclear energy sector. To implement our plans, since our founding in 2022, our management has had constant
communications with key U.S. government agencies, including the DOE, the INL and ORNL, which are a part of the DOE’s national nuclear
laboratory system. Our company also maintains important collaborations with leading researchers from the Cambridge Nuclear Energy Centre
and The University of California, Berkeley. S- 8 Our
Industry and Market We
believe that the U.S. domestic nuclear energy sector is undergoing a renaissance that we believe we can capitalize on. Strong demand
signals and investment support from the Tech Industry, combined with DOE programs intended to build back national nuclear infrastructure,
have created positive market momentum and investor sentiment, which is further driving development and market forces within the nuclear
energy industry. We
strongly support objectives of the DOE and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, and
we intend for our technology to form part of the U.S. foreign policy to advance the peaceful use of nuclear energy, science and technology,
and drive new resources to projects and activities in developing countries with the greatest need. A key part of our business plan will
seek to become a nuclear technology organization that can grow the U.S. global energy market engagement and concurrently support global
market opportunities. In
2021, the White House published a statement titled “FACT SHEET: President Biden Sets 2030 Greenhouse Gas Pollution Reduction
Target Aimed at Creating Good-Paying Union Jobs and Securing U.S. Leadership on Clean Energy Technologies.” On May 23, 2025,
President Trump signed a series of executive orders aimed at accelerating the development and deployment of nuclear energy in the United
States. These directives set forth a national objective to quadruple nuclear energy capacity by 2050 and direct federal agencies, including
the DOE and the NRC, to implement policy reforms supporting the restart of shuttered plants, expedited licensing of new reactors, and
expanded investment in advanced nuclear technologies such as small modular reactors (SMRs). The orders also emphasized strengthening
the domestic uranium supply chain and supporting workforce development initiatives. These policy measures are expected to significantly
impact the regulatory environment, capital access, and strategic direction of the nuclear energy sector. The
United States has taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce its dependence on carbon-emitting energy sources. The U.S. had previously
set a goal to reach a 100% carbon pollution-free electricity system by 2035, and President Biden set a target of a 50 to 52% reduction
from 2005 levels in economy-wide net greenhouse gas pollution by 2030, underlining the Biden administration’s desire for new energy
solutions which are at the core of our business plans. Additionally, the “net zero world” initiative signals the U.S.’s
proactive stance in working with countries to lead a global transition to net zero emissions by 2050. While it remains unclear how the
Trump administration will view the net world zero initiative, it has already voiced support for the advanced reactor industry and declared
its intention to support the build back of the nuclear industry in the United States. Our
Vision, Market Opportunity and Key Government Support We
believe our achievements to date and our business plans are positioning our company to be a leading participant in the U.S. nuclear energy
and technology industry through simultaneously rebuilding and introducing national capabilities to drive the resurgent nuclear energy
industry. We further believe that our timing and approach into the industry have been optimal, with insight into national capability
deficiencies and an understanding of the difficulties faced by other commercial nuclear energy, particularly microreactor, companies.
Almost all microreactor companies have advanced using funds acquired from government grants or awards. Even with private funding, they
have been stifled by lack of investor interest because of the long return timelines and high risks. Despite
the early stage of our company, we believe we are competitively differentiated in many ways. ● | Non-Dependent on Government Funding . Most small modular reactor (SMR) and microreactor companies are reliant on government grants and financing to progress their concepts. Consequently, their progress may cease once government funding is not available. Conversely, we do not rely on government funding to sustain our business operations.
● | Technical Insight . On the technical front, we have benefited from insight into the problems which affected earlier movers within the advanced reactor space. SMR companies have raised billions of dollars for development but have been stalled by needing to qualify fuel or coolants, or acquiring the fuel necessary to advance their reactors. This led to our investigations into de-risking our own fuel supply by pursuing development and investment into the fuel supply chain and examining our own fuel processing facility, as well as opting to use more conventional fuel with greater operational history. We believe we have identified certain problems affecting the industry and we are taking early action to surmount potential roadblocks. S- 9 ● | Government Contacts . Between 2024 and 2025, individuals with high placed government service and contacts joined our company. These include (i) John G. Vonglis, the former Chief Financial Officer of the DOE, who joined as our Executive Director of Global Government Affairs, (ii) Eric R. Oesterle, a former Branch Chief for Operating Reactor Licensing at the NRC, who joined as our Head of Microreactor Regulatory Licensing, (iii) David Tiktinsky, a forty year veteran of the NRC, who joined as our Head of Nuclear Regulatory Licensing and (iv) Dr. Seth Berl, a former Deputy Chief Data Officer at the DOE, who joined our board of directors. In addition, a number of former high-ranking military and government officials with significant experience in nuclear energy sit on our Executive Advisory Board. Our recruitment efforts were complemented by bringing in experts involved in every major part of the nuclear industry, from regulation to laboratories, to technical teams. We believe we will benefit from those government contacts as our company will be afforded access to highly skilled personnel possessing advanced expertise in the energy and nuclear sectors.
● | World Class Team . Our technical team is world class, with simple and realizable reactor concepts that do not require exotic fuels, and who are aware of all the difficulties faced by almost every other reactor company who has chosen designs which have complicated development and licensing. Our team has a deep knowledge of applicable regulatory requirements surrounding safety, transportation, and decommissioning, and our designs have incorporated all these considerations from the outset.
● | Government Initiatives . We believe that the U.S. government is increasingly showing strong support for nuclear energy through various initiatives aimed at advancing nuclear technology, all of which further our business plans and opportunities. This support has taken various forms, including legislation, grants, project funding and loan guarantees. Aside from the support for existing nuclear capabilities, all of these initiatives have the potential directly or indirectly to benefit and support our company. Our
Competitive Strengths We
believe we have the following competitive strengths relating to our various business lines: Nuclear
Reactor Business. Unlike other nuclear reactor companies, we are seeking to become a vertically integrated company with multiple
streams of revenue, a diversified business to hedge against market changes, and greater control over industries supporting microreactor
development, such as nuclear fuel and transportation. Our diversified business model will make us highly differentiated from other reactor
companies. We believe we have an expertise advantage over other companies developing microreactors, as we can and have recruited some
of the best scientists, engineers and professionals in the world from any country or institution, without being constrained by the available
personnel located within certain academic and professional institutions. The technical personnel involved in the current design of our
reactors have been involved with the design and development of dozens of different reactors. Fuel
Processing Business. We believe, based on our market research, that no SMR and microreactor company is currently developing an integrated
fuel supply chain to produce the fuel for their reactors. Our strategy to develop fuel for our own reactors will also position us to
supply fuel to the wider nuclear industry and other reactor manufacturers, addressing anticipated significant shortfalls in fuel supply. Fuel
Transportation Business. We identified a transportation concept which investigated a high capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket
design, which was developed by INL, ORNL and PNNL, and funded by the DOE. The technology was pursued by DOE to create a full HALEU transportation
package, which provided the most advanced solution to address the technological challenge of moving commercial quantities of HALEU fuel
around North America. The development of this concept had not been continued by the DOE due to lack of funding. On April 3, 2024, we
entered into the BEA License with BEA for this nuclear fuel transportation package, and have been working with the groups capable of
aiding us in the development of the concept into an NRC certified and transportation package for the transportation of HALEU materials. S- 10 Our
Challenges We
are a young company seeking to develop and launch an integrated nuclear energy business. Our efforts face and will continue to face many
significant challenges, as our business involves complex nuclear technology, regulatory hurdles, and rapidly shifting market dynamics.
These challenges include, but are not limited to, the following: ● | Obtaining the necessary permits and licenses for nuclear reactors, facilities and transportation capabilities is time-consuming and expensive. Nuclear reactors must meet stringent safety and environmental standards, and gaining regulatory approval can be a lengthy endeavor. Additionally, ensuring the safety of a microreactor throughout its lifecycle is paramount. Developing, implementing, and maintaining robust safety systems and protocols are critical challenges. Implementing robust security measures to protect against theft, sabotage, or unauthorized access is also critical for both regulatory compliance and public safety.
● | Building and operating a microreactor and our other nuclear energy-related technologies is very capital-intensive. Securing the necessary significant funding and managing costs, including but not limited to operational and maintenance costs, are ongoing challenges for our business.
● | The political and regulatory landscape can change, impacting the stability and viability of nuclear projects. International agreements and geopolitical factors can also affect nuclear technology, access and export. Competition We
face significant competition within our industry. Our competitors target similar power output ranges as we do and employ a range of technologies,
including both adapted conventional technologies and novel nuclear reactor designs. In addition, we face competition outside the nuclear
energy sector, including fossil fuel-based power generation, renewable energy sources, long duration energy storage solutions, and other
nuclear reactor technologies. However, as described above in “Competitive Strengths”, we believe we are positioned better
than our competition to emerge as a leading supplier of carbon-free round the clock energy generation. Intellectual
Property We have developed or acquired important intellectual property to protect
our technologies. As of the date of this
prospectus, we have seven trademark applications pending before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). As of the date of this
prospectus, we have six utility patent applications pending before the USPTO, and six corresponding utility patent applications
filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) pending before the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), directed to various aspects of the ZEUS microreactor and power plant design. We also have a
total of nine patent applications related to our acquired ALIP technology for small nuclear reactor cooling, which include four U.S.
provisional applications, four U.S. utility applications, and one international PCT application. The U.S. utility applications are
pending and awaiting examination by the USPTO, and the PCT application is awaiting national entry in about 18 months. Of the
provisional applications, one remains pending and will expire in December 2025. We also have an exclusive
license for our fuel transportation technology, and intellectual property acquired from USNC, including 38 issued, pending or published
patents, nine (reduced from 16 as of January 10, 2025 as we voluntarily abandoned seven) registered, pending or published trademarks, and any other technology and intellectual property related to the acquired businesses,
rights related to a demonstration project related to the KRONOS MMR™ Energy System in the United States and the business records
of the acquired businesses and related confidentiality rights. Corporate
Information We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 8, 2022. Our principal executive office is located at 10 Times Square,
30 th Floor, New York, NY 10018, and our telephone number is (212) 634-9206. Our website is www.nanonuclearenergy.com. Information
contained on, or available through, our website does not constitute part of, and is not deemed incorporated by reference into, this prospectus,
and investors should not rely on such information in deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. S- 11 Summary
of Consolidated Financial Information The
following table sets forth certain summary financial and other data for the periods ended and at the dates indicated below. Our summary
financial information for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 has been derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
for such period incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Our summary financial information for the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The financial
data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2025, and the 2024 Annual Report (as defined below), each of which has been filed
with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Statements
of Operations Three Months Ended | Six Months Ended
March 31, 2025 | March 31, 2024 | March 31, 2025 | March 31, 2024
Operating expenses
General and administrative | $ | 15,697,178 | $ | 1,423,309 | $ | 18,191,748 | $ | 2,252,205
Research and development | 6,712,543 | 290,539 | 7,617,466 | 810,555
Change in fair value of contingent consideration | 78,250 | - | 602,500 | -
Loss from operations | 22,487,971 | 1,713,848 | 26,411,714 | 3,062,760
Other income | 1,179,250 | 36,220 | 1,989,631 | 71,187
Net loss | $ | (21,308,721 | ) | $ | (1,677,628 | ) | $ | (24,422,083 | ) | $ | (2,991,573 | )
Net loss per share of common stock:
Basic | $ | (0.57 | ) | $ | (0.07 | ) | $ | (0.69 | ) | $ | (0.13 | )
Diluted | $ | (0.57 | ) | $ | (0.07 | ) | $ | (0.69 | ) | $ | (0.13 | )
Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding:
Basic | 37,074,514 | 23,861,244 | 35,502,417 | 23,521,208
Diluted | 37,074,514 | 23,861,244 | 35,502,417 | 23,521,208 For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 | For the Year Ended September 30, 2023
Operating expenses
General and administrative | $ | 6,850,993 | $ | 4,749,395
Research and development | 3,725,565 | 1,534,000
Change in Fair Value of contingent consideration | (66,000 | ) | -
Loss from operations | (10,510,558 | ) | (6,283,395 | )
Other income | 359,002 | 32,994
Net loss | $ | (10,151,556 | ) | $ | (6,250,401 | )
Net loss per share of common stock:
Basic | $ (0. 39) | $ | (0.28 | )
Diluted | $ (0. 39) | $ | (0.28 | ) S- 12 Statements
of Changes in Mezzanine equity and Stockholders’ Equity For
the Six Months Ended March 31, 2025 Common | Additional paid-in | Accumulated | Total stockholders’
shares | Amount | capital | deficit | equity
Balance as of September 30, 2024 | 30,715,663 | $ | 3,072 | $ | 49,038,165 | $ | (17,433,781 | ) | $ | 31,607,456
Common stock issuances | 4,935,294 | 494 | 101,399,518 | - | 101,400,012
Offering costs | - | - | (9,058,856 | ) | - | (9,058,856 | )
Exercise of warrants | 975,974 | 97 | 14,387,311 | - | 14,387,408
Exercise of stock options | 638,000 | 64 | 1,636,436 | - | 1,636,500
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 16,476,053 | - | 16,476,053
Net loss | - | - | - | (24,422,083 | ) | (24,422,083 | )
Balance as of March 31, 2025 | 37,264,931 | $ | 3,727 | $ | 173,878,627 | $ | (41,855,864 | ) | $ | 132,026,490 For
the Year Ended September 30, 2024 Mezzanine Equity | Permanent Equity
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated deficit | Total
Balance as of September 30, 2023 | 2,000,000 | $ | 5,000,000 | 23,184,869 | $ | 2,319 | $ | 9,288,553 | $ | (7,282,225 | ) | $ | 2,008,647
Mezzanine equity conversion | (2,000,000 | ) | (5,000,000 | ) | 2,000,000 | 200 | 4,999,800 | - | 5,000,000
Common stock issuances | - | - | 4,804,019 | 481 | 34,953,456 | - | 34,953,937
Offering costs | - | - | - | - | (3,629,829 | ) | - | (3,629,829 | )
R&D acquisition common stock issuances | - | - | 50,000 | 5 | 786,495 | - | 786,500
Exercise of warrants | - | - | 63,775 | 6 | 1,275,494 | - | 1,275,500
Exercise of stock options | - | - | 593,000 | 59 | 1,043,941 | - | 1,044,000
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 20,000 | 2 | 320,255 | - | 320,257
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (10,151,556 | ) | (10,151,556 | )
Balance as of September 30, 2024 | - | $ | - | 30,715,663 | $ | 3,072 | $ | 49,038,165 | $ | (17,433,781 | ) | $ | 31,607,456 For
the Year Ended September 30, 2023 Mezzanine Equity | Permanent Equity
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated deficit | Total
Balance as of September 30, 2022 | - | $ | - | 20,501,500 | $ | 2,050 | $ | 3,139,450 | $ | (1,031,824 | ) | $ | 2,109,676
Common stock issuances | 2,000,000 | 5,000,000 | 2,598,369 | 260 | 3,765,109 | - | 3,765,369
Equity-based compensation | - | - | 85,000 | 9 | 2,383,994 | - | 2,384,003
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (6,250,401 | ) | (6,250,401 | )
Balance as of September 30, 2023 | 2,000,000 | $ | 5,000,000 | 23,184,869 | $ | 2,319 | $ | 9,288,553 | $ | (7,282,225 | ) | $ | 2,008,647 S- 13 Statements
of Cash Flows For the Six Months Ended March 31, 2025 | For the Six Months Ended March 31, 2024
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | (24,422,083 | ) | $ | (2,991,573 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Equity-based compensation | 16,476,053 | 152,457
Amortization of right-of-use assets | 133,614 | 11,878
Depreciation | 39,517 | -
Changes in fair value of contingent liability | 602,500 | -
Change in assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | 161,725 | (429,120 | )
Deposits | (284,000 | ) | (235,235 | )
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 1,774,018 | 109,503
Due to related parties | 5,000 | (10,000 | )
Lease liabilities | (107,323 | ) | (17,114 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (5,620,979 | ) | (3,409,204 | )
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
In-process research and development | (9,075,045 | ) | -
Additions to property, plant and equipment | (3,625,846 | ) | -
Net cash used in investing activities | (12,700,891 | ) | -
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from common stock issuances | 101,400,012 | -
Offering costs | (9,058,856 | ) | -
Proceeds from exercise of warrants | 14,387,408 | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 1,636,500 | -
Proceeds from stock subscriptions | - | 2,466,437
Payment of deferred offering costs | - | (55,000 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 108,365,064 | 2,411,437
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | 90,043,194 | (997,767 | )
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period | 28,507,257 | 6,952,795
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period | $ | 118,550,451 | $ | 5,955,028
Non-cash transactions:
Conversion from Mezzanine Equity to Stockholders’ Equity | $ | - | $ | (5,000,000 | )
Inception of Right-of-Use Asset / Liability | $ | 1,026,348 | $ | 1,926,656 S- 14 For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 | For the Year Ended September 30, 2023
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | (10,151,556 | ) | $ | (6,250,401 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
R&D acquisition paid in equity | 786,500 | -
Equity-based compensation | 320,257 | 2,384,003
Amortization of right of use asset | 96,532 | -
Depreciation | 10,393 | -
Change in assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (628,090 | ) | (88,409 | )
Deposits | (235,235 | ) | -
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 571,474 | 87,234
Due to related parties | (10,000 | ) | -
Lease liability | 5,079 | -
Contingent liability | 770,500 | -
Net cash used in operating activities | (8,464,146 | ) | (3,867,573 | )
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Increase in long-term investments | (2,000,000 | ) | -
Additions to property, plant and equipment | (1,700,000 | ) | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | (3,700,000 | ) | -
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from common stock issuances | 34,953,937 | 8,765,369
Offering costs | (3,554,829 | ) | (75,000 | )
Proceeds from exercise of warrants | 1,275,500 | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 1,044,000 | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | 33,718,608 | 8,690,369
Net increase in cash | 21,554,462 | 4,822,796
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 6,952,795 | 2,129,999
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 28,507,257 | $ | 6,952,795
Non-Cash Supplemental Disclosures
Right of use assets acquired in exchange for new operating lease liabilities | $ | 1,926,178 | $ | - S- 15 THE
OFFERING Common stock offered by us: | Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $400,000,000.
Manner of offering | “At the market offering” that may be made from time to time through our Sales Agents. See “Plan of Distribution” on page S-22 in this prospectus.
Use of proceeds | We intend to use the net proceeds from these sales for the advancement and development of our technologies, general corporate purposes, which may include investing in or acquiring synergistic or complementary businesses, assets or technologies, and working capital. See “Use of Proceeds” on page S-19 in this prospectus.
Risk factors | Investing in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk . See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-17 of this prospectus and in the documents referred to therein and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock.
Nasdaq symbol | “NNE” S- 16 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities,
you should carefully consider the risk factors we describe in this prospectus, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above
under “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” together with the risk factors described in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended December 31, 2024
and March 31, 2025, respectively, and all other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could also adversely affect us. In addition, you should consider the
following risks relevant to this offering. Risks
Related to This Offering It
is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under the Agreement, nor the gross proceeds resulting from those
sales. Subject
to certain limitations in the Agreement and compliance with applicable law, we have the discretion to deliver a placement notice
to the Sales Agents at any time throughout the term of the Agreement. The number of shares that are sold through the Sales Agents after
delivering a placement notice will fluctuate based on a number of factors, including the market price of the common stock during the
sales period, the limits we set with the Selling Sales Agent (as defined below) in any applicable placement notice and the demand for
our common stock during the sales period. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate during the sales period, it is
not currently possible to predict the number of shares that will be sold or the gross proceeds to be raised in connection with those
sales, if any. The
common stock offered hereby will be sold in “at the market offerings, ” and investors who buy shares at different times
will likely pay different prices. Investors
who purchase shares in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices, and so they may experience different levels
of dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. We will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing,
prices and numbers of shares sold in this offering. In addition, there is no minimum or maximum sales price for shares to be sold in
this offering. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase in this offering as a result of sales made
at prices lower than the prices they paid. We
have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash and may invest or spend the proceeds in
ways with which you do not agree and in ways that may not yield a return on your investment. Our
management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering, including for any of the purposes described
in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds,” and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding such application.
You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately.
Our management might not apply the net proceeds or our existing cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If
we do not invest or apply the net proceeds from this offering or our existing cash and cash equivalents in ways that enhance stockholder
value, we may fail to achieve expected business and financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Pending their use,
we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may
not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. S- 17 If
you purchase our common stock in this offering, you may experience immediate and substantial dilution. The
offering price per share in this offering may exceed the net tangible book value per share of our common stock outstanding prior to this
offering. Assuming that an aggregate of $400,000,000 of shares of our common stock are sold in this offering at a price of $34.25 per
share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq on July 22, 2025, for aggregate net proceeds of approximately $388
million after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, and after giving effect to the receipt,
after March 31, 2025, of (a) the net proceeds of approximately $104,199,162 in return for the issuance of 3,888,889 shares of common
stock in a private placement closed in June 2025, (b) $1,291,179 upon exercise of warrants, and (c) $648,000 upon exercise of options,
you will experience immediate dilution of $22.51 per share. See “ Dilution ” on page S-20. The actual amount of dilution
to investors in this offering will depend on the sales price at which we sell stock and our net tangible book value per share at the
of any sale. See the section entitled “Dilution” below for a more detailed illustration of the dilution you may incur if
you participate in this offering. If
we issue equity securities in the future, your ownership in us could be diluted. Any
issuance of equity we may undertake in the future to raise additional capital could cause the price of our common stock to decline and
result in significant dilution for holders of our common stock. For example, from October 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025, we have issued
4,935,294 shares of common stock through equity financings, 975,974 shares of our common stock related to warrant exercises and 638,000
shares of our common stock related to stock option exercises. In addition, the vesting of restricted stock units and the exercise of
outstanding stock options and warrants may result in further dilution of your investment. We
do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends on our common stock, which may adversely impact the market price of our stock. We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends, if any, in the future is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings,
capital requirements and financial condition and other relevant facts. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, to
finance the development and growth of our business. If we do not pay dividends, our stock may be less valuable to you because a return
on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock. Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur as a result
of our utilization of a universal shelf registration statement, our Agreement with the Sales Agents or otherwise could depress the
market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot
predict the effect that future sales of our common stock or the market perception that we are permitted to sell a significant number
of our securities would have on the market price of our common stock. We
have a limited number of authorized shares of our common stock available for issuance which may limit our ability to issue securities
in connection with capital raises, including this offering, for acquisitions or strategic partnerships or as compensation to our employees
and directors in the future, unless we obtain stockholder approval to amend our amended articles of incorporation, referred to herein
as our charter. Our inability to issue shares of our common stock could materially adversely affect our business and strategy. We
have historically used our shares of common stock to raise capital, consummate acquisitions and compensate our employees and directors.
We are currently authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock. As of July 22, 2025, 41,539,423 shares of common stock were
outstanding. Additionally, as of July 22, 2025, there were 3,286,254 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants,
3,814,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, and 350,748 shares of common stock issuable upon
vesting of restricted stock units. We may not be able to offer and sell the total amount under the Agreement and this prospectus, nor
be able to continue issuing securities to meet our business objectives, unless we increase the number of shares we are authorized to
issue. There can be no assurance that we will elect to seek stockholder approval to increase our authorized shares of common stock under
our charter or, if we do, that we will be able to secure the necessary stockholder approval to increase our authorized shares of
common stock under our charter. Our inability to issue shares of our common stock could materially adversely affect our business and
strategy. S- 18 USE
OF PROCEEDS We
may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate sale proceeds of up to $400,000,000 from time to time. The amount of proceeds
from this offering will depend on the number of shares of our common stock sold in this offering and the price at which they are sold.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any shares under or fully utilize the Agreement with the Sales Agents as a source
of financing. Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering
amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering,
if any, for the advancement and development of our technologies, general working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include
investing in or acquiring synergistic or complementary businesses, assets or technologies, and working capital, although as of the date
of this prospectus, we have not entered into any definitive agreements. Our management will have broad discretion to allocate the net
proceeds, if any, we receive in connection with shares of our common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus for any purpose. Pending
use of the net proceeds, we intend to invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities or in cash
or money market funds. S- 19 DILUTION If
you invest in our common stock, your interest will be immediately diluted to the extent of the difference between the price you pay per
share and the adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering. “Net tangible book value”
is total assets minus the sum of liabilities and intangible assets. “Net tangible book value per share” is net tangible book
value divided by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding. Our
net tangible book value on March 31, 2025 was approximately $131 million, or $3.51 per share. As
of March 31, 2025, our pro forma net tangible book value was approximately $236 million or $5.70 per share of our common stock. Pro forma
net tangible book value represents the amount of our total tangible assets less our total liabilities, after giving effect to the receipt,
after March 31, 2025, of (a) the net proceeds of approximately $104,199,162 in return for the issuance of 3,888,889 shares of common
stock in a private placement closed in June 2025, (b) $1,291,179 upon exercise of warrants, and (c) $648,000 upon exercise of options. After
giving effect to the above-mentioned pro forma adjustments and the sale of shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of
$400,000,000 in this offering at an assumed offering price of $34.25 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common
stock on Nasdaq on July 22, 2025, and after deducting estimated offering commissions and expenses payable by us, our net tangible book
value as of March 31, 2025 would have been approximately $624 million or $11.74 per share of our common stock. This represents an
immediate increase in net tangible book value of $6.04 per share to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution in net tangible
book value of $22.51 per share to investors participating in this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution per share to
investors participating in this offering: Assumed offering price per share | $ | 34.25
Net tangible book value per share as of March 31, 2025 | $ | 3.51
Increase in net tangible book value per share | $ | 2.19
Pro forma net tangible book value per share, as of March 31, 2025, before giving effect to this offering | $ | 5.70
Increase in pro forma net tangible book value per share attributable to new investors | $ | 6.04
Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering | $ | 11.74
Dilution per share to new investors purchasing common stock in this offering | $ | 22.51 The
discussion and table above assume, for illustrative purposes, that an aggregate of approximately 11,678,833 shares of our common stock
are sold at a price of $34.25 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq on July 22, 2025, for aggregate gross
proceeds of approximately $400,000,000. However, the shares sold in the applicable offering, if any, will likely be sold from time to
time at various prices. The
number of shares of our common stock that will be outstanding immediately after this offering as shown above was based on an aggregate
of 41,539,423 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 22, 2025. The number of shares outstanding excluded the following as of July
22, 2025: ● | 350,748 shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units outstanding under our stock incentive plans;
● | 3,814,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options outstanding under our stock incentive plans, 3,470,000 of which are currently exercisable, which have a weighted average exercise price of $10.23 per share; and
● | 3,286,254 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of our outstanding warrants, which have a weighted average exercise price of $24.07. The
dilution table above also excludes any securities, issued after July 22, 2025, including any shares issued upon vesting of any equity
incentive awards. To
the extent that any of our outstanding options or warrants are exercised or restricted stock units vest, we grant additional options
or other awards under our stock incentive plans or issue additional warrants or we issue additional shares of common stock in the future,
investors may experience further dilution. S- 20 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES WE ARE OFFERING General The
following description is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our common stock.
For a more detailed description of these securities, you should read the applicable provisions of Nevada law and our charter and bylaws. Our
authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares, par value $0.0001 per share, consisting of: 275,000,000 shares of
common stock and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, all of which are currently undesignated. Our authorized but unissued shares
of common stock and preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required
by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded in
the future. Common
Stock As
of July 22, 2025, there were 41,539,423 shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding. In addition, there were 3,286,254
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, 3,814,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding
stock options, and 350,748 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units. Our
charter provides that each holder of common stock shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of common stock held of record
by such holder as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote at any meeting of stockholders. The holders of outstanding
shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the payment of dividends of such
times and in such amounts as our board of directors from time to time may determine. Our common stock is not entitled to pre-emptive
rights and is not subject to redemption. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the assets legally available for
distribution to stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock after payment of liquidation preferences,
if any, on any outstanding payment of other claims of creditors. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are
subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
and issue in the future. Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the trading symbol “NNE.” The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. S- 21 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
have entered into a sales agreement (the “Agreement”) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TD Cowen”), UBS Securities
LLC and Piper Sandler & Co. (each a “Sales Agent” and together, the “Sales Agents”), under which we may
offer and sell up to $400,000,000 of shares of our common stock from time to time through the Sales Agents acting as agents, or directly
to the Sales Agents acting as principals, in each case severally and not jointly. Sales pursuant to the Agreement may be made through
affiliates of the Sales Agents. Sales
of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus may be made in negotiated transactions, including block trades, or transactions that
are deemed to be “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including sales made by
means of ordinary brokers’ transactions, including directly on Nasdaq, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on
an exchange at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices, or by any other method
permitted by law. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Sales Agents will act as our sales agents using their commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with their normal trading and sales practices. The Sales Agents are not required to sell any specific amount
of our common stock. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. As our agents, the
Sales Agents will not engage in any transactions that stabilize the price of our common stock. The Sales Agents may also purchase shares
of our common stock as principals. We
will designate the maximum amount of common stock to be sold through the applicable Sales Agent (in the case of each sale, the “Selling
Sales Agent”) on a daily basis or otherwise as we and the Sales Agents agree, and the minimum price per share at which such common
stock may be sold. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Selling Sales Agent will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell on our behalf all of the designated common stock on such day. We or the Sales Agents may suspend the offering of our
common stock at any time and from time to time by notifying the other party. The
Selling Sales Agent will provide us written confirmation following the close of trading on Nasdaq each day on which shares of our common
stock are sold under the Agreement. Each confirmation will include (i) the amount of shares sold on such day, (ii) the aggregate
gross offering proceeds received from such sale and the net proceeds to the Company and (iii) the compensation payable by us to
the Selling Sales Agent with respect to such sales. Such compensation shall be set forth and invoiced in periodic statements from each
Sales Agent to the Company, with payment to be made by the Company promptly after its receipt thereof. We will report at least quarterly
the number of shares of common stock sold through the Sales Agents under the Agreement and the net proceeds to us in connection
with the sales of the common stock. The
aggregate compensation payable to the Sales Agents equals up to 3.0% of the gross sales price of the shares sold through them pursuant
to the Agreement. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the Sales Agents with respect to certain liabilities,
including civil liabilities under the Securities Act. Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this
offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. Except
as we and the Sales Agents otherwise agree, we will reimburse the Sales Agents for the fees and disbursements of its counsel, in an amount
not to exceed $75,000. We estimate that the total expenses for the offering, excluding any commissions or expense reimbursement payable
to the Sales Agents under the terms of the Agreement, will be approximately $500,000. The remaining proceeds, after deducting any other
transaction fees, will equal our net proceeds from the sale of our shares in this offering. Settlement
for sales of common stock will occur, unless the Company and the Sales Agents agree otherwise, on the first business day that is also
a trading day following the date on which such sales are made. In
connection with the sale of shares of common stock on our behalf, each of the Sales Agents will be deemed to be an “underwriter”
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of the Sales Agents will be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions. The
Agreement may be terminated by any Sales Agent or us at any time upon notice to the other party, or by any Sales Agent at any time in
certain circumstances set forth in the Agreement. The
Sales Agents and/or affiliates of the Sales Agents have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial
advisory and commercial and investment banking services for us and our affiliates, for which they have received and may in the future
receive customary fees. Our
shares of common stock are listed on Nasdaq and trade under the symbol “NNE.” The transfer agent of our common stock is VStock
Transfer LLC. S- 22 LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the issuance of the common stock offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Parsons Behle & Latimer, Reno,
Nevada. The Sales Agents are being represented in connection with this offering by Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, Washington,
D.C. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Nano Nuclear Energy, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, as of and for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, incorporated in this prospectus by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2024, have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, an independent registered public accounting
firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This
prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the SEC under the Securities Act and does not contain
all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus
to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are
a part of the registration statement, or to the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus,
for a copy of such contract, agreement or other document. We file annual, quarterly and periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC, using its EDGAR system. The SEC provides free public access, through its website, to items publicly filed in
the EDGAR system, including our items. The address of the SEC’s website is http//www.sec.gov . We
also maintain a website at www.nanonuclearenergy.com . You may access these materials at our website free of charge as soon
as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained in, or that can be
accessed through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE We
are “incorporating by reference” in this prospectus certain documents we have filed or will file with the SEC, which means
that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered
to be part of this prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information.
We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings made with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act (1) after the date of the initial registration statement, as amended, and prior to effectiveness of the registration
statement, and (2) after the date of this prospectus and prior to the termination of this offering, from their respective filing dates
(other than any portions thereof, which under the Exchange Act, and applicable SEC rules, are not deemed “filed” under the
Exchange Act). Such information will automatically update and supersede the information contained in this prospectus and the documents
listed below: 1.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 (the “2024
Annual Report”); 2.
Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025 and May 15, 2025 , respectively (the “Quarterly Reports”); 3.
Our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on February 28, 2025 and our Proxy Statement Supplement filed with the SEC on March 26, 2025 ; 4.
Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2024 , October 25, 2024 , October 30, 2024 , November 27, 2024 , December 26, 2024 , January 14, 2025 , March 12, 2025 , April 24, 2025 , May 29, 2025 , June 5, 2025 and June 10, 2025 , respectively (excluding any information therein disclosed under Items 2.02 or 7.01 or any
corresponding information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit); and 5.
The description of our shares of common stock contained in the our registration statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on May
6, 2024. In
addition, all documents and/or reports that we file with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Exchange Act
subsequent to the date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and prior to the termination or completion of
any applicable offering of securities under this prospectus or the filing of a post-effective amendment to such registration statement
that indicates that all securities offered under this prospectus have been sold, or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold,
will be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of the information that we disclose under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, or any corresponding
information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit, that we may from time to time furnish to the SEC, will be incorporated
by reference in, or otherwise included in, this prospectus, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the relevant document. Subject
to the foregoing, all information appearing in this prospectus is qualified in its entirety by the information appearing in the documents
incorporated by reference. You
may request, orally or in writing, a copy of the documents we incorporate by reference, which will be provided to you at no cost (other
than exhibits, unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference), by contacting our Secretary, c/o Nano Nuclear Energy
Inc. at 10 Times Square, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10018. Our telephone number is (212) 634-9206. S- 23 Up
to $400,000,000 of Shares of Common Stock _____________________________________ PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS _____________________________________ TD Cowen | UBS Investment Bank | Piper Sandler The
date of this prospectus is [●], 2025. PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item
14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The
Company is paying all expenses of the offering. The following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by the registrant. All amounts
shown are estimates except for the registration fee. SEC registration fee | $ | 94,922
Printing | *
Legal and accounting fees and expenses | *
Trustee fees and expenses | *
Warrant agent fees and expenses | *
Rights agent fees and expenses | *
Miscellaneous | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated amount of expenses of any offering of securities. Item
15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Nevada
Revised Statutes (“NRS”) 78.138(7) provides that, subject to limited statutory exceptions and unless the articles of incorporation
or an amendment thereto (in each case filed on or after October 1, 2003) provide for greater individual liability, a director or officer
is not individually liable to a corporation or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act
in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that: (i) the act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or
her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (ii) the breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing
violation of law. NRS
78.7502(1) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or
in the right of the corporation), by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if the person (i) is not liable pursuant
to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful.
NRS 78.7502(2) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection
with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if the person (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith
and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. To the extent that
a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any such action,
suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses,
including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. The termination of any
action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not,
of itself, create a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, he or she had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. Indemnification may not be made for any claim,
issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom,
to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in
which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances
of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. II- 1 NRS
78.7502(3) provides that any discretionary indemnification pursuant to NRS 78.7502 (unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to
NRS 78.751(2)), may be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the
director, officer, employee, or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made (i) by the shareholders; (ii) by
the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; (iii)
if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion; or (iv) if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding
cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion. NRS 78.751(2) provides that the corporation’s articles of
incorporation or bylaws, or an agreement made by the corporation, may provide that the expenses of officers and directors incurred in
defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final
disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the
amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified
by the corporation. Under
the NRS, the indemnification pursuant to NRS 78.7502 and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to NRS
78.751: ● | Does not exclude any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in the person’s official capacity or an action in another capacity while holding office, except that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to NRS 78.7502 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to NRS 78.751(2), may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication establishes that the director’s or officer’s acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the la w and was material to the cause of action; and
● | Continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. A
right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the articles of incorporation or any bylaw is not
eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought,
unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action
or omission has occurred. Our
governing documents provide that to the fullest extent permitted under the NRS (including, without limitation, to the fullest extent
permitted under NRS 78.7502 and 78.751(3)) and other applicable law, that we shall indemnify our directors and officers in their respective
capacities as such and in any and all other capacities in which any of them serves at our request. II- 2 Item
16. Exhibits. The
following exhibits are filed with this Registration Statement. The
agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this registration statement contain representations and warranties by
each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties
to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating
the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures
that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards
of “materiality” that are different from “materiality” under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made
only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement. The
undersigned registrant acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for
considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to
make the statements in this registration statement not misleading. Exhibit
Number | Description of Document
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement**
1.2 | Sales Agreement, dated July 25, 2025, by and among Nano Nuclear Energy Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Piper Sandler & Co.*^
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate Evidencing the Shares of Common Stock (1)
4.1 | Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock**
4.2 | Form of Stock Purchase Contract**
4.3 | Form of Warrant Agreement and Form of Warrant Certificate**
4.4 | Form of Subscription Rights Agreement and Form Subscription Rights Certificate**
4.5 | Form of Indenture*
4.6 | Form of Note**
4.7 | Form of Debt Securities**
5.1 | Opinion of Parsons Behle & Latimer*
23.1 | Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC*
23.2 | Consent of Parsons Behle & Latimer (included in Exhibit 5.1) *
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included in Part II of this Registration Statement)*
25.1 | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee on Form T-1**+
101. INS | Inline XBRL Instance Document*
101.SCH | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*
101.CAL | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*
101.DEF | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*
101.LAB | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document*
101.PRE | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document*
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101)*
107 | Calculation of Filing Fee Table* * | Filed herewith.
** | If applicable, to be filed by an amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference.
+ | To be filed pursuant to Rule 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act.
(1) | Filed as an exhibit to the registrant’s Registration on Form S-1 (File No. 333-278076), filed with the SEC on May 1, 2024. ^ | Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted portion to the SEC upon request. II- 3 Item
17. Undertakings. (a)
The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i)
to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii)
to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and
price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii)
to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or
any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective
amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form
of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i)
Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier
of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the
offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date
an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or
modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in
any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5)
That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant
to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities
are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424; (ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by
the undersigned registrant; II- 4 (iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability of the registrant under the Securities Act
of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof. (c)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of
the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding)
is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will,
unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed
by the final adjudication of such issue. (d)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC
under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on this 25 th day
of July, 2025. NANO NUCLEAR ENERGY INC.
By: | /s/ James Walker
James Walker
Chief Executive Officer KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints James Walker and Jay
Jiang Yu, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her
and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (including his or her capacity as a director and/or officer of Nano
Nuclear Energy Inc.), to sign any and all amendments, including post-effective amendments, to this registration statement, and to sign
any registration statement for the same offering covered by this registration statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant
to Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 increasing the number of shares for which registration is sought, and all
post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, making
such changes in this registration statement as such attorney-in-fact and agent so acting deem appropriate, with the SEC, granting unto
said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be
done with respect to the offering of securities contemplated by this registration statement, as fully to all intents and purposes as
he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his, her or their
substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Jay Jiang Yu | Chairman of the Board, President and Secretary | July 25, 2025
Jay Jiang Yu
/s/ James Walker | Chief Executive Officer and Director | July 25, 2025
James Walker | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jaisun Garcha | Chief Financial Officer | July 25, 2025
Jaisun Garcha | (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Tsun Yee Law | Independent Director | July 25, 2025
Tsun Yee Law
/s/ Diane Hare | Independent Director | July 25, 2025
Diane Hare
/s/ Kenny Yu | Independent Director | July 25, 2025
Dr. Kenny Yu
/s/ Seth Berl | Independent Director | July 25, 2025
Seth Berl II- 6