8-K 1 tm2122015d1_8k.htm 8-K SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 12, 2021 IVANHOE
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39845 | 98-1567584
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1177 Avenue of the Americas 5 th Floor New York, NY 10036 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (646) 452-7037 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
x | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant | IVAN.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the units | IVAN | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | IVAN WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Business Combination Agreement On
July 12, 2021, Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (“ Ivanhoe ”), entered into
a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Agreement ”),
with Wormhole Merger Sub Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private company limited by shares and wholly owned subsidiary of Ivanhoe (“ Amalgamation
Sub ”), and SES Holdings Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private company limited by shares (“ SES ”). The Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the “ Business Combination ”) were unanimously approved by the boards
of directors of each of Ivanhoe, Amalgamation Sub and SES. The Business Combination Pursuant
to the Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, and in accordance with the Companies Act, Chapter
50 of Singapore and other applicable law, Amalgamation Sub and SES will amalgamate (the “ Amalgamation ”), with SES surviving
the Amalgamation as the amalgamated company (SES, in its capacity as the company surviving the Amalgamation, the “ Amalgamated
Company ”). Prior to consummation of the Business Combination, Ivanhoe will migrate out of the Cayman Islands and domesticate
as a Delaware corporation (the “ Domestication ”) and be renamed “SES AI Corporation” (Ivanhoe, following
the Domestication, “ New SES ”). As a result of the Domestication,
(i) each Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of Ivanhoe (the “ Class A ordinary shares ”), issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
New SES (the “ Class A common stock ”); (ii) each Class B ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of Ivanhoe (the
“ Class B ordinary shares ”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into one share
of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of New SES (the “ Class B common stock ”); (iii) each Ivanhoe warrant
to purchase Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into one warrant to purchase
shares of Class A common stock and (iv) each Ivanhoe unit issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into
one unit of New SES (such units to be split into their component parts of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one warrant
to purchase shares of Class A common stock. Immediately following the Domestication, each issued and outstanding share of Class B common
stock will convert into one share of Class A common stock (the “ Conversion ”). The total consideration to
be paid to the shareholders of SES equals $2,810,000,000 and will be payable in shares of Class A common stock (valued at $10.00 per share).
At the effective time of the Amalgamation (the “ Effective Time ”), each ordinary share and each preference share of
SES issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (collectively, the “ SES Shares ”) (other than SES
Shares held in SES’s treasury (collectively, the “ Excluded Shares ”), the SES Restricted Shares (as defined below)
and the SES Shares held by Qichao Hu and certain entities affiliated with Mr. Hu (collectively, the “ SES Founder Group ”))
will be cancelled and automatically represent the right to receive a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A common stock
equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below), plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. Additionally, each SES Share held by the SES Founder
Group issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled and automatically represent the right to receive
a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class B common stock equal to the Exchange Ratio, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares.
The shares of Class B common stock will have the same economic rights as the shares of Class A common stock, but following the Effective
Time, each share of Class B common stock will be entitled to 10 votes, and each share of Class A common stock will be entitled to 1 vote,
in each case, on each matter submitted for a vote of the New SES stockholders. For purposes of the Agreement, “ Exchange Ratio ”
means the quotient obtained by dividing 281,000,000 by (a) the aggregate number of SES Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time and that are issuable upon the exercise of all vested SES Options (as defined below) and SES Restricted Shares
issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time minus (b) the Excluded Shares. In addition to the
consideration described above, the SES shareholders and optionholders will be entitled to receive 30,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock (valued at $10.00 per share) (the “ Earn-Out Shares ”) if the closing price of shares of Class A
common stock of New SES is equal to or greater than $18.00 during the period beginning on the date that is one year following the
closing of the Business Combination (the “ Closing ”) and ending on the date that is five years following the
Closing. SES optionholders will receive their Earn-Out Shares in the form of restricted shares of New SES at Closing, which will be
subject to vesting based on the same terms as the Earn-Out Shares and will also be subject to forfeiture if such
optionholder’s service with New SES terminates prior to the vesting. 2 In connection with the Amalgamation,
each SES restricted share (the “ SES Restricted Shares ”) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be assumed by New SES and converted into a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product (rounded to the nearest
whole number of shares) of (A) the total number of SES ordinary shares subject to such SES Restricted Share immediately prior to the Effective
Time multiplied by (B) the Exchange Ratio. In addition, each SES option (the “ SES Options ”) that is outstanding
and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) will be assumed by New SES and converted into an
option to acquire Class A common stock at an adjusted exercise price per share, with the number of shares of Class A common stock subject
to each option determined by multiplying the number of SES Shares subject to the corresponding SES Option by the Exchange Ratio and rounding
the resulting number down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The
Closing is expected to occur in the third or fourth quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions
described below. Representations and Warranties; Covenants The
Agreement contains representations and warranties of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type, including
with respect to the operations of Ivahnoe, Amalgamation Sub and SES. The representations and warranties made in the Agreement will
not survive the Closing. In addition, the Agreement contains customary pre-closing covenants, including the obligation of SES to conduct
its business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and to refrain from taking specified actions, subject to certain exceptions.
The parties have also undertaken to procure approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “ HSR
Act ”), and Ivanhoe has agreed to adopt an equity incentive plan effective upon Closing, as described in the Agreement. Governance The parties have agreed to
take all action within their power as may be necessary or appropriate such that, effective immediately after the Closing, the board of
directors of New SES (the “ New SES Board ”) will consist of up to seven directors, including Robert Friedland, the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Ivanhoe, Qichao Hu and other nominees to be designated by the Company prior to Closing. Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations The obligation of Ivanhoe,
Amalgamation Sub and SES to consummate the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction certain of closing conditions, including,
but not limited to, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, (ii) the approval of the Business
Combination by the requisite Ivanhoe shareholders, (iii) the delivery of written consents from SES shareholders owning the requisite number
of SES Shares to approve the Business Combination (the “ SES Written Consents ”), (iv) the Registration Statement on
Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination becoming effective and (v) the absence of any applicable law prohibiting, enjoining or making
illegal the consummation of the Business Combination. In addition, the obligation of Ivanhoe to consummate the Business Combination is
subject to the satisfaction of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of SES
being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of SES having been
performed or complied with in all material respects and (ii) no Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Agreement) having occurred.
The obligation of SES to consummate the Business Combination is also subject to the satisfaction of other closing conditions, including,
but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of Ivanhoe and Amalgamation Sub being true and correct to the standards applicable
to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of Ivanhoe and Amalgamation Sub having been performed or complied with
in all material respects, (ii) the completion of the Domestication in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement
and (iii) the aggregate cash proceeds from Ivanhoe’s trust account, together with the proceeds from the PIPE Financing (as defined
below), equaling no less than $200,000,000 (after deducting any amounts paid to Ivanhoe shareholders that exercise their redemption rights
in connection with the Business Combination and after the payment of any transaction costs of Ivanhoe and SES). 3 Redemption Offer Ivanhoe will provide the holders
of Class A ordinary shares the right to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination,
as set forth in the governing documents of Ivanhoe. Termination The
Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing, including, among others, (i) by mutual
written consent of Ivanhoe and SES; (ii) by Ivanhoe if the representations and warranties of SES are not true and correct or if SES fails
to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Agreement such that certain conditions to Closing cannot be satisfied and the breach
or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or
cannot be cured within certain specified time periods; (iii) by SES if the representations and warranties of Ivanhoe and Amalgamation
Sub are not true and correct or if Ivanhoe or Amalgamation Sub fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Agreement such
that certain conditions to Closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure
to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods; (iv) subject
to certain limited exceptions, by either Ivanhoe or SES if the Business Combination is not consummated by February 12, 2022; (v) by either
Ivanhoe or SES if the approval by the requisite Ivanhoe shareholders of the Business Combination is not obtained; (vi) subject to certain
limited exceptions, by either SES or Ivanhoe if a governmental entity issues a final, nonappealable order having the effect of permanently
restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Business Combination; and (vii) by SES if the board of directors of Ivanhoe takes or
fails to take certain actions changing its recommendation to Ivanhoe’s shareholders to vote in favor of the Domestication and the
Business Combination. If the Agreement is validly
terminated, and except in the case of any breach of any covenant or agreement or actual fraud, none of the parties to the Agreement will
have any liability or any further obligation under the Agreement other than customary confidentiality obligations. A copy of the Agreement is
filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. The Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the
respective parties made to each other as of the date of the Agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations,
warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications
and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants
in the Agreement are also modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedules which are not filed publicly and which are
subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to shareholders and were used for the purpose
of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Ivanhoe does not believe that these schedules contain
information that is material to an investment decision. Lock-up Arrangements In connection with the Closing,
certain SES shareholders will enter into a registration rights agreement with New SES pursuant to which, among other things, they will
agree not to transfer, sell or assign their shares of Class A common stock for six months following the Closing. 4 On
July 12, 2021, Ivanhoe, Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC (the “ Sponsor ”) and Ivanhoe’s directors and officers
(the “ Ivanhoe Insiders ”) entered into an amendment (the “ IPO Letter Agreement Amendment ”) to that
certain letter agreement, dated as of January 6, 2021, delivered to Ivanhoe by the Sponsor and the Insiders in connection with Ivanhoe’s
initial public offering of units, pursuant to which the Sponsor and the Ivanhoe insiders agreed to certain lock-up restrictions on the
Class A common stock to be received by such parties in connection with the Domestication (the “ Subject Shares ”). In
particular, the Sponsor and the Insiders agreed not to transfer, sell or assign the Subject Shares until the earlier of (i) (v) with
respect to 20% of such Subject Shares, until the date that is 180 days after the Closing, (w) with respect to 20% of such Subject
Shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
day period following the date that is 150 days after the Closing (the “ Requisite Trading Period ”), (x) with respect
to 20% of such Subject Shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $14.00 for the Requisite Trading
Period, (y) with respect to 20% of such Subject Shares, until the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds
$16.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (z) with respect to the remaining 20% of such Subject Shares, until the closing price
of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (ii) the date on which New SES completes
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Closing that results in all of the stockholders having
the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided that in the event that the per-share value of
the cash, securities or other property to be received by the holders of Class A common stock in such liquidation, merger, capital stock
exchange or other similar transaction (the “ Per Share Transaction Value ”) is less than $18.00, then the Subject Shares
will be released from these transfer restrictions to the Sponsor and the Insiders on a pro rata basis as follows: (x) to the extent
not previously released, all Subject Shares that are subject to release upon achievement of any share price performance requirements that
are less than the Per Share Transaction Value will be released, and (y) the number of Subject Shares that would be released upon
the achievement of the next share price performance requirement that is higher than the Per Share Transaction Value (the “ Release
Threshold ”), multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which equals (x) 2, minus (y) the amount by which
the Release Threshold exceeds the Per Share Transaction Value, and the denominator of which equals 2, will be released. Any Subject Shares
not released pursuant to the preceding sentence will be forfeited and cancelled. The foregoing description
of the IPO Letter Agreement Amendment is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the IPO Letter Agreement
Amendment, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. PIPE Financing Concurrently with the execution
of the Agreement, Ivanhoe entered into subscription agreements (the “ Subscription Agreements ”) with certain investors
(the “ PIPE Investors ”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and Ivanhoe agreed
to issue and sell to such PIPE Investors, immediately prior to Closing, an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of Class A common stock for
a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $200,000,000 (the “ PIPE Financing ”). The closing of the PIPE Financing
is contingent upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Business Combination. The Subscription Agreements
provide that Ivanhoe will grant the PIPE Investors certain customary registration rights. The foregoing description
of the Subscription Agreements and the PIPE Financing is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
form of Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by
reference. Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution
of the Agreement, Ivanhoe entered into a letter agreement (the “ Sponsor Letter Agreement ”) with the Sponsor, pursuant
to which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of Ivanhoe’s shareholders, and in any action by written
resolution of Ivanhoe’s shareholders, all of its Class B ordinary shares in favor of the Business Combination and the other proposals
to be voted upon at the Ivanhoe shareholder meeting; (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination
and (iii) waive the anti-dilution protection with respect to the Class B ordinary shares, in each case, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in Sponsor Letter Agreement. The foregoing description
of the Sponsor Letter Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sponsor Letter Agreement,
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. 5 Support Agreement Concurrently with the execution
of the Agreement, certain shareholders of SES representing the requisite votes necessary to approve the Business Combination entered into
a support agreement (the “ Support Agreement ”) with Ivanhoe, pursuant to which each such shareholder agreed to, among
other things, (i) vote at any meeting of SES’s shareholders, and in any action by written consent of SES’s shareholders, all
of its SES equity securities in favor of the adoption and approval of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the Amalgamation; (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain
transfer restrictions with respect to such securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support
Agreement. The foregoing description
of the Support Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Support Agreement, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Director Nomination Agreement and Board Observation
Agreement Concurrently with the execution
of the Agreement, Ivanhoe and SES entered into a director nomination agreement (the “ Director Nomination Agreement ”)
with General Motors Ventures LLC (“ GM ”), pursuant to which, among other things, GM will have the right to nominate
one person for election to the New SES Board from and after the Effective Time for so long as GM, together with its affiliates, collectively
continue to beneficially own at least 5% of the fully diluted outstanding equity securities of New SES. Additionally, concurrently with
the execution of the Agreement, Ivanhoe and SES entered into a board observation agreement (the “ Board Observation Agreement ”)
with Hyundai Motor Company (“ Hyundai ”), pursuant to which, among other things, Hyundai will have the right to appoint
one person to act as a non-voting observer to the New SES Board from and after the Effective Time for so long as Hyundai, together with
its affiliates, collectively continue to beneficially own at least 2% of the fully diluted outstanding equity securities of New SES. The foregoing description
of the Director Nomination Agreement and the Board Observation Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Director Nomination Agreement and the Board Observation Agreement, copies of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 and Exhibit
10.6, respectively, hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The disclosure set forth above
in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading “PIPE Financing” is incorporated by reference herein.
The securities that may be issued in connection with the Subscription Agreements will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure On July 13, 2021, Ivanhoe
and SES each issued a press release announcing the parties’ entry into the Agreement. Each press release is attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and is incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit 99.3 hereto
and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is the investor presentation that Ivanhoe and SES prepared for use in connection with
the announcement of the Business Combination. Attached as Exhibit 99.4
and incorporated herein by reference is the transcript of a pre-recorded investor call discussing the merger that was released on July
13, 2021. 6 Attached as Exhibit 99.5
and incorporated herein by reference is a summary of certain risk factors that are applicable to the Business Combination and the business
of SES, made available to potential investors in the PIPE Investment. On July 13, 20201, SES
posted certain third-party technical reports titled, “Test Report: RPT-21-635_Ivanhoe_Cell Characterization_Rev.1,” “SES
Cell Electrical Test,” “Summary of 3rd Party Testing of SES Hybrid Lithium-Metal Cells,” and “SES Hybrid Lithium
Metal Battery Technology Assessment Report,” to its website. Each of the reports may be found at https://www.ses.com on the “Investor
Resources” page in the section titled “Investor Presentation and Due Diligence.” The reports are attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.6, Exhibit 99.7, Exhibit 99.8 and Exhibit 99.9, respectively, and are each incorporated by reference herein. The information in this
Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 through Exhibit 99.9, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18
of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
the filings of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings.
This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information
contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 through 99.9. Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “ Current Report ”) are “forward-looking
statements.” Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as “believe,” “may,”
“will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,”
“should,” “would,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “predict,” “potential,”
“seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” “target” and other similar expressions
that predict or indicate future events or events or trends that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial and performance metrics, projections
of market opportunity and market share. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report,
and on the current expectations of SES's and Ivanhoe's management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking
statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a
guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult
or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are
beyond the control of SES and Ivanhoe. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; the inability of the parties to successfully
or timely consummate the Business Combination, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed
or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Business Combination
or that the approval of the shareholders of SES or Ivanhoe is not obtained; the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business
Combination; risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to SES; risks related to the development
and commercialization of SES's battery technology and the timing and achievement of expected business milestones; the effects of competition
on SES's business; the amount of redemption requests made by Ivanhoe's public shareholders; the ability of Ivanhoe or the combined company
to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing in connection with the Business Combination or in the future and
those factors discussed in Ivanhoe's annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”)
on March 31. 2021, under the heading "Risk Factors," and other documents of Ivanhoe filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If
any of these risks materialize or Ivanhoe's or SES's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Ivanhoe nor SES presently know or that Ivanhoe
and SES currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Ivanhoe's and SES's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of
the date of this Current Report. Ivanhoe and SES anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments
to change. However, while Ivanhoe and SES may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Ivanhoe and
SES specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Ivanhoe's
and SES's assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon
the forward-looking statements. 7 Additional Information This Current Report relates
to the proposed Business Combination between Ivanhoe and SES. This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or
the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
Ivanhoe intends to file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which will include a document that serves as a joint prospectus
and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. A proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all Ivanhoe shareholders.
Ivanhoe will also file other documents regarding the proposed Business Combination with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors
and security holders of Ivanhoe are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents
filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed Business Combination as they become available because they will
contain important information about the proposed Business Combination. Investors
and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents
filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge upon written request to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., 1177 Avenue
of the Americas, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10036. Participants in the Solicitation Ivanhoe, SES and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ivanhoe’s shareholders in
connection with the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors, executive officers, other members of management
and employees, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be contained in Ivanhoe’s filings with
the SEC, including Ivanhoe’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC
on March 31, 2021, and such information and names of SES’s directors and executive officers will also be in the Registration Statement
on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants in the
solicitation process may also be included in other relevant documents when they are filed with the SEC. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits 2.1* | Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, among Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., Wormhole Merger Sub Pte. Ltd. and SES Holdings Pte. Ltd.
10.1 | IPO Letter Agreement Amendment, dated as of July 12, 2021, by Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC and the officers and directors of Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp.
10.2 | Form of Subscription Agreement for Institutional Investors
10.3 | Form of Subscription Agreement for Individual Investors
10.4 | Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, between Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. and Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC
10.5 | Support Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, by and among Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. and certain shareholders of SES
10.6 | Director Nomination Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, by and among Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., SES Holdings Pte. Ltd. and General Motors Ventures LLC
10.7 | Board Observation Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, by and among Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., SES Holdings Pte. Ltd. and Hyundai Motor Company 8 99.1 | Press Release dated July 13, 2021 (Ivanhoe Business Combination Announcement)
99.2 | Press Release dated July 13, 2021 (SES - Business Combination Announcement)
99.3 | Investor Presentation
99.4 | Investor Call Script
99.5 | Summary Risk Factors
99.6 | Test Report: RPT-21-635_Ivanhoe_Cell Characteriazation_Rev.1
99.7 | SES Cell Electrical Test
99.8 | Summary of 3rd Party Testing of SES Hybrid Lithium-Metal Cells
99.9 | SES Hybrid Lithium Metal Battery Technology Assessment Report *The schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted
in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). Ivanhoe agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon
its request. 9 SIGNATURES Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: July 13, 2021 | IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Gary Gartner
Name: Gary Gartner
Title: Chief Financial Officer 10