0001819142 false 0001819142 2022-01-14 2022-01-14 0001819142 IVAN:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2022-01-14 2022-01-14 0001819142 IVAN:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001ParValueMember 2022-01-14 2022-01-14 0001819142 IVAN:RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 2022-01-14 2022-01-14 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2022 IVANHOE
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39845 | 98-1567584
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1177
Avenue of the Americas 5th
Floor New
York , NY 10036 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) ( 646 ) 452-7037 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: Not
Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001, and one-third of one redeemable warrant | IVAN.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units, par value $0.0001 | IVAN | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | IVAN WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K (this “Current Report”), and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference, are slides from an investor presentation
that SES Holdings Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private company limited by shares (“SES”), will make available on its website: https://www.ses.ai
on the “Investor Resources” page in the section titled “Press Releases, Investor Presentations & Technical Reports.” The foregoing is being furnished by Ivanhoe
Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Ivanhoe”), pursuant to Item 7.01 and will not be deemed
to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise be subject
to the liabilities of that section, nor will it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act. Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical
facts contained in this Current Report are “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements can generally be identified
by the use of words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “project,”
“forecast,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,”
“outlook,” “target” and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or events or trends that
are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the development
and commercialization of SES’s products, the amount of capital and other benefits to be provided by the transaction, estimates and
forecasts of other financial and performance metrics, and projections of market opportunity and market share. These statements are based
on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report, and on the current expectations of SES's and Ivanhoe's management
and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not
intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of
fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such
differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of SES and Ivanhoe. These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and
legal conditions; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the business combination between Ivanhoe and SES (the
“Business Combination”), including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject
to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Business Combination or that
the approval of the shareholders of SES or Ivanhoe is not obtained; the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination;
risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to SES; risks related to the development and commercialization
of SES's battery technology and the timing and achievement of expected business milestones; the effects of competition on SES's business;
the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Ivanhoe and SES as a result of the announcement and consummation
of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by,
among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with
customers and retain its management and key employees; risks relating SES’s history of no revenues and net losses; the risk that
SES’s joint development agreements and other strategic alliances could be unsuccessful; risks relating to delays in the design,
manufacture, regulatory approval and launch of SES’s battery cells; the risk that SES may not establish supply relationships for
necessary components or pay components that are more expensive than anticipated; risks relating to competition and rapid change in the
electric vehicle battery market; safety risks posed by certain components of SES’s batteries; risks relating to machinery used in
the production of SES’s batteries; risks relating to the willingness of commercial vehicle and specialty vehicle operators and consumers
to adopt electric vehicles; risks relating to SES’s intellectual property portfolio; the amount of redemption requests made by Ivanhoe's
public shareholders; the ability of Ivanhoe or the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing
in connection with the Business Combination or in the future and those factors discussed in Ivanhoe's annual report on Form 10-K, filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 31, 2021, under the heading "Risk Factors,"
in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC on August 10, 2021 (as amended), under the heading “Risk
Factors” and other documents of Ivanhoe filed, or to be filed, with the SEC relating to the Business Combination. If any of these
risks materialize or Ivanhoe's or SES's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by
these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Ivanhoe nor SES presently know or that Ivanhoe and SES currently
believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition,
forward-looking statements reflect Ivanhoe's and SES's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this
Current Report. Ivanhoe and SES anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments to change.
However, while Ivanhoe and SES may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Ivanhoe and SES specifically
disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments
as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements. Additional Information This Current Report relates to the proposed Business Combination between
Ivanhoe and SES. This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange,
any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Ivanhoe has filed a definitive proxy statement
and a form of proxy card with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Extraordinary Meeting of Ivanhoe's shareholders
(the “Definitive Proxy Statement”). The Definitive Proxy Statement has been sent to all Ivanhoe shareholders. No offering
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, or an exemption
therefrom. Ivanhoe will also file other documents regarding the proposed business combination with the SEC. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING
DECISION, INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF IVANHOE ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND
ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION AS THEY BECOME
AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION. Investors and security holders will
be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the Definitive Proxy Statement and all other relevant documents filed or
that will be filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.report. The documents filed by Ivanhoe
with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge upon written request to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., 1177 Avenue of the Americas,
5th Floor, New York, New York 10036. Participants in the Solicitation Ivanhoe, SES and their respective directors and executive officers
may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ivanhoe’s shareholders in connection with the proposed Business
Combination. You can find information about Ivanhoe’s directors and executive officers and their interest in Ivanhoe can be found
in the Definitive Proxy Statement and Ivanhoe’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which was
filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. A list of the names of the directors, executive officers, other members of management and employees
of Ivanhoe and SES, as well as information regarding their interests in the business combination, are contained in the Definitive Proxy
Statement, and any changes will be reflected on Initial Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 3 or Statements of Changes in Beneficial
Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants in the solicitation
process may also be included in other relevant documents when they are filed with the SEC. You may obtain free copies of these documents
from the sources indicated above. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits 99.1 | Investor Presentation 104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: January 14, 2022 | IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Gary Gartner
Name: | Gary Gartner
Title: | Chief Financial Officer