0001819142 false 0001819142 2021-09-20 2021-09-20 0001819142 IVAN:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2021-09-20 2021-09-20 0001819142 IVAN:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001ParValueMember 2021-09-20 2021-09-20 0001819142 IVAN:RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 2021-09-20 2021-09-20 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 20, 2021 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39845 | 98-1567584
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1177 Avenue of the Americas 5th Floor New
York , NY 10036 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) ( 646 ) 452-7037 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
x | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant | IVAN.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the units | IVAN | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | IVAN WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Emerging
growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Ivanhoe
Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (“ Ivanhoe ”), previously announced that it entered
into that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated July 12, 2021 (the “ Original Business Combination
Agreement ”), by and among Parent, Wormhole Merger Sub Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private company limited by shares and wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent (“ Amalgamation Sub ”), and SES Holdings Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private company limited
by shares (“ SES ”), pursuant to which, among other things, (a) Ivanhoe will domesticate in Delaware (the
“ Domestication ” and, Ivanhoe following such Domestication, “ New SES ”) and (b) Amalgamation Sub
will amalgamate with SES, with SES surviving the amalgamation (together with the other transactions contemplated by Original
Business Combination Agreement, the “ Business Combination ”). The Original Business Combination Agreement
provided that in addition to the consideration payable to the shareholders of SES at the closing of the Business Combination (the
“ Closing ”), SES shareholders and optionholders will be entitled to receive 30,000,000 shares (the
“ Earn-Out Shares ”) of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “ Class A common
stock ”), of New SES (valued at $10.00 per share) in the aggregate if the closing price of shares of Class A common stock
is equal to or greater than $18.00 during the period beginning on the date that is one year following the Closing and ending on the
date that is five years following the Closing. SES optionholders are entitled receive their Earn-Out Shares in the form of
restricted shares of New SES at Closing, which will be subject to vesting based on the same terms as the Earn-Out Shares and will
also be subject to forfeiture if such optionholder’s service with New SES terminates prior to the vesting. On
September 20, 2021, Ivanhoe, SES and Amalgamation Sub entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Original Business Combination
Agreement (the “ BCA Amendment ”) to provide that pre-Closing recipients of SES restricted share awards will also
be entitled to receive Earn-Out Shares in the form of restricted shares of New SES at Closing, which will be subject to vesting
based on the same terms as the Earn-Out Shares and will also be subject to forfeiture if such recipients’ service with New SES
terminates prior to the vesting. The BCA Amendment also provides that the Earn-Out Shares payable to Qichao Hu and certain entities
affiliated with Dr. Hu (the “ Founder Group ”) at the Closing will be, like the other consideration payable
to the Founder Group under the Original Business Combination Agreement, in the form of shares of Class B common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of New SES that have the same economic rights as the shares of Class A common stock, but are entitled to 10 votes
instead of the one vote to which shares of Class A common stock are entitled. The BCA Amendment does not affect the aggregate number
of Earn-Out Shares. The foregoing description
of the BCA Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the BCA Amendment,
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Forward-Looking Statements All statements other
than statements of historical facts contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “ Current Report ”) are
“forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as
“believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,”
“project,” “forecast,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,”
“seek,” “future,” “outlook,” “target” and other similar expressions that predict or
indicate future events or events or trends that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial and performance metrics, projections of
market opportunity and market share. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current
Report, and on the current expectations of SES's and Ivanhoe's management and are not predictions of actual performance. These
forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by
any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and
circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many
actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of SES and Ivanhoe. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions;
the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the Business Combination, including the risk that any required
regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the
combined company or the expected benefits of the Business Combination or that the approval of the shareholders of SES or Ivanhoe is
not obtained; the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; risks relating to the uncertainty of the
projected financial information with respect to SES; risks related to the development and commercialization of SES's battery
technology and the timing and achievement of expected business milestones; the effects of competition on SES's business; the risk
that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Ivanhoe and SES as a result of the announcement and
consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may
be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain
relationships with customers and retain its management and key employees; risks relating SES’s history of no revenues and net
losses; the risk that SES’s joint development agreements and other strategic alliances could be unsuccessful; risks relating
to delays in the design, manufacture, regulatory approval and launch of SES’s battery cells; the risk that SES may not
establish supply relationships for necessary components or pay components that are more expensive than anticipated; risks relating
to competition and rapid change in the electric vehicle battery market; safety risks posed by certain components of SES’s
batteries; risks relating to machinery used in the production of SES’s batteries; risks relating to the willingness of
commercial vehicle and specialty vehicle operators and consumers to adopt electric vehicles; risks relating to SES’s
intellectual property portfolio; the amount of redemption requests made by Ivanhoe's public shareholders; the ability of
Ivanhoe or the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing in connection with the Business
Combination or in the future and those factors discussed in Ivanhoe's annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) on March 31, 2021, under the heading "Risk Factors," in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC on August 10, 2021, under the heading “Risk Factors” and other
documents of Ivanhoe filed, or to be filed, with the SEC relating to the Business Combination. If any of these risks materialize or Ivanhoe's or SES's assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be
additional risks that neither Ivanhoe nor SES presently know or that Ivanhoe and SES currently believe are immaterial that could
also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements
reflect Ivanhoe's and SES's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report.
Ivanhoe and SES anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments to change. However,
while Ivanhoe and SES may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Ivanhoe and SES specifically
disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Ivanhoe's and SES's
assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the
forward-looking statements. 2 Additional Information This Current Report
relates to the proposed Business Combination between Ivanhoe and SES. This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell or
exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any
jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. Ivanhoe has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which includes a document that,
following effectiveness, will serve as a joint prospectus and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. Once the
SEC declares the Registration Statement effective, the proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all Ivanhoe shareholders. No
offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom. Ivanhoe will also file other documents regarding the proposed Business
Combination with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors and security holders of Ivanhoe are urged to read the
registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in
connection with the proposed Business Combination as they become available because they will contain important information about the
proposed Business Combination. Investors
and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents
filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge upon written request to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., 1177 Avenue
of the Americas, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10036. Participants in the Solicitation Ivanhoe, SES and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ivanhoe’s shareholders in
connection with the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors, executive officers, other members of management
and employees, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be contained in Ivanhoe’s filings with
the SEC, including Ivanhoe’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC
on March 31, 2021, and such information and names of SES’s directors and executive officers also are in the Registration Statement
on Form S-4 filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants in the solicitation
process may also be included in other relevant documents when they are filed with the SEC. 3 Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number 2.1 | Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2021, among Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., Wormhole Merger Sub Pte. Ltd. and SES Holdings Pte. Ltd.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: September 21, 2021 | IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /S/ Gary Gartner
Name: Gary Gartner
Title: Chief Financial Officer 5