10-K 1 tm2111066d1_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020 OR ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD
FROM __________ TO ________ COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-39845 IVANHOE CAPITAL
ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Cayman Islands | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
1177 Avenue of the Americas 5 th Floor
New York, New York | 10036
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: +65 6337 1818 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share | The New York Stock Exchange
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | The New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer x | Smaller reporting company x
Emerging growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x No ¨ The registrant was not a public
company at June 30, 2020, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and therefore
it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates at such date. The registrant’s
units began trading on The New York Stock Exchange on January 7, 2020 and the registrant’s ordinary shares began separate trading
on The New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2021. As of March 31,
2021, the Registrant had 27,600,000 of its Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and 6,900,000 of its Class B
ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. Table
of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 2
PART I | 3
ITEM 1. BUSINESS. | 3
ITEM 1 A. RISK FACTORS. | 10
ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 50
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. | 50
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. | 50
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. | 50
PART II | 51
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. | 51
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. | 51
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. | 52
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. | 57
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 58
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. | 58
PART III | 59
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 59
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. | 71
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. | 71
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. | 72
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. | 74
PART IV | 75
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. | 75
SIGNATURES | 77 i CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in
this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward- looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,”
 “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,”
 “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would”
and similar expressions may identify forward- looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward- looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: ● | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;
● | our ability to complete our initial business combination;
● | our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;
● | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;
● | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements;
● | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
● | our pool of prospective target businesses;
● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities;
● | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
● | the lack of a market for our securities;
● | the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as described below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
● | the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
● | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 2 PART I References in this report
to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. References to our “management”
or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Ivanhoe
Capital Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to our “initial shareholders” refer to the holders
of our Founder Shares (as defined below). ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company
incorporated on July 8, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a “business combination”).
We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a “shell
company” as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) because we have no operations and nominal assets
consisting almost entirely of cash. As of December 31, 2020,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Public Offering”), which is described below.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a business combination, at the earliest. The Company
will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering. On January 11, 2021,
we consummated our Public Offering of 27,600,000 units, including the issuance of 3,600,000 units as a result of the underwriters’
exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The
units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of $276,000,000. Prior to the consummation
of the Public Offering, on July 22, 2020, the Sponsor received 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”)
in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $.0004 per share. On December 16, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered
2,875,000 Founder Shares to us for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 5,750,000 Founder Shares outstanding.
On January 6, 2021, we effected a share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder Shares
outstanding. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Public Offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 5,013,333 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at $11.50 per share, to the Sponsor at a price of $1.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of approximately
$8,000,000 (the “Private Placement”). The warrants sold in the Private Placement, or the private placement warrants, are identical
to the warrants included in the units sold in the Public Offering, except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of the Company’s
initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. 3 Upon the closing of the Public
Offering and the Private Placement, $276,000,000 was placed in a in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (the “Trust Account”). Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to $100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the
completion of the Company’s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Class A Ordinary Shares included
in the Units sold in the IPO (the “public shares”) properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company’s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation
to redeem 100% of the public shares if it does not complete a business combination by January 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to
any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption
of the Company’s public shares if it is unable to complete an initial business combination by January 11, 2023, subject to
applicable law. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. After the payment of underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of $9,660,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be
payable upon consummation of our initial business combination if consummated) and an aggregate of  $2 million to pay fees and expenses
in connection with the closing of the Public Offering and for working capital following the closing of the Offering was not deposited
into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on
deposit in the Trust Account earning interest. Following the Public Offering,
the underwriters’ exercise of its overallotment option and the Private Placement, there was $276,000,000 in investments and cash
held in the Trust Account. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the Public Offering. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement
warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners
of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may use the balance
of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 4 We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust
Account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds
of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds
the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required
to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case
of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents
disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder
approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the Public Offering. At this time, we are not a party to
any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial
business combination. Sources of Target Businesses While we may pursue an initial
business combination target in any industry, we intend to seek a target in industries related to the paradigm shift away from fossil fuels
towards the electrification of industry and society. Our targets may include any company in the supply chain from mine site to the end
user of electrification products and services, including in the transportation, e-mobility, electric propulsion, battery technology and
storage sectors. These include companies exploring for, mining, processing or refining the metals necessary for electrification (in particular,
copper, nickel, cobalt, and the platinum group metals — platinum, palladium and rhodium), the manufacturers of battery
and battery components, electric grid component manufacturers, and producers of electric vehicles, component parts, and battery storage.
We may also seek a target in disruptive technology industries more broadly. We believe our management team’s expertise and experience
will provide us with a competitive advantage in seeking a target in these industries. The rules of the NYSE
and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that we must consummate an initial business combination with
one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business
combination upon standards generally accepted by the financial community. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While
we consider it likely that our board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target’s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early
stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized
skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. As any
such opinion, if obtained, would only state that the fair market value meets the 80% of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes
material information regarding the valuation of the target or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such
opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required by Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act, any proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents that we will file with the SEC in connection with our initial business combination will include such opinion. 5 We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80% of net assets test described above. If the business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will
be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the
business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we
seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation
or appraisal firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management
team and our independent directors will directly or indirectly own Founder Shares and/or private placement warrants following the Public
Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 6 Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director
or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in
being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director
or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of
our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor and
our officers and directors may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business
combination. However, our officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director
of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into
a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within
24 months after the closing of the Public Offering. We do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. Prior to the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange
Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior
or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders
upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions
described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being
exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any public shares
they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender
Offer Rules In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete
the initial business combination. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption
pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 7 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they
will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if
such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act In the event that our Sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply
with such rules. If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the
business combination. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares purchased
during or after the Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial shareholders have entered into
letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and
public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such
requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants
outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business
combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 8 Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our initial shareholders,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or
by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of
proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or
their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed
their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether
or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not
already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any
of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other
factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and
the other federal securities laws. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13
and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements . Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares without
our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us
or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent
this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to
exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the
then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the
shares sold in the Public Offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that we will have until January 11, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we
have not completed our initial business combination by January 11, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case of our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will
be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. 9 Competition In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have three officers:
Robert Friedland, Gary Gartner and Andy Boyd. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters
but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual
Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain
material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the
ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s
Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge
upon request from us in writing at 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5 th Floor, New York, NY 10036 or by telephone at +65 6337 1818 . ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the prospectus associated with our initial public offering and the Registration Statement, before
making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results
may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 10 Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding
through the Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. We may choose not to hold
a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a
proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our
discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our Founder Shares will
participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders
own 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the Public Offering. Our initial shareholders
and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination,
such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the Founder Shares. As a result,
in addition to our initial shareholders’ Founder Shares, we would need 9,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 24,000,000 public shares sold
in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved
(assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business
combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such
initial business combination. 11 Your only opportunity to effect your investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment
in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since
our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to
effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to
redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it
difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and,
as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a condition as described
above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction
with us. The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such
requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger
number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive
equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent
that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater
than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition,
the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed
in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their
redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will
continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability
to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 12 The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account.
If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares
may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss
on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you
are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination by January 11, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our shareholders. Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
by January 11, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing
that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. Since it was first reported
to have emerged in December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, which causes COVID-19, has spread across the world, including the
United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a “Public
Health Emergency of International Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11,
2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic.” The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and
a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and
financial markets worldwide, potentially including the business of any potential target business with which we intend to consummate a
business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination at all if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue
to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or make it impossible or impractical to negotiate and
consummate a transaction with the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers in a timely manner, if at all. The
extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period
of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate
a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 13 In addition, our ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on
terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination by January 11, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we
would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find
a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by January 11, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial
business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other
risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of
the impact on us of the COVID-19 outbreak will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If
we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable
law. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float”
of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE rules. However, they have no
current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include
a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner
thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 14 In the event that our Sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of
our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy
rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite
our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such
shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,”
to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any
other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 15 You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of
the Public Offering and the Private Placement are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance
sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such
as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means
that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover,
if the Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in
the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial
business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we
would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as
a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to
sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the
funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we have not completed our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 16 If the net proceeds of the Public Offering
and Private Placement not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until January 11,
2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination,
and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the
Public Offering, only $1,000,000 will be available to us initially outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements.
We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until January 1,
2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available
to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into
a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. In the event that the Public
Offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the Trust Account. In such case,
the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the Trust
Account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. Conversely, in the event that the Public Offering expenses are
less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would increase by a corresponding
amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third
parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under
any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust
Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such
warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we have not completed
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption
of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 17 If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
$10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute
such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account,
our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with
such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the
circumstances. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Public Offering will
not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter
agreement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or
other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such
claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could
be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you
would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 18 Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he
has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal
action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00
per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds
outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00
per share. The net proceeds of the Public
Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the Trust Account. The proceeds held in the
Trust Account may only be invested in direct U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded
negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years,
and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies
in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account,
plus any interest income. If the balance of the Trust Account is reduced below $200,000,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the
amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. 19 If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as
having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: · | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and · | restrictions on the issuance of securities, · | each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: · | registration as an investment company; · | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and · | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 20 In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our
principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested
in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. The Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion
of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination by January 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination by January 11, 2023, our
return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not
invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination,
our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution
to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws
and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse
effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as
interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 21 If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination by January 11, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond January 11, 2023 before redemption
from our Trust Account. If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination by January 11, 2023, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption
of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically
by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to
wind-up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond January 11, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them,
and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds
to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and
only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination. Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves
and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of $18,292.68 and to imprisonment for
five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. In accordance with NYSE corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to elect
directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to
discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class (except for those directors elected prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term.
In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the election of
directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 22 Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. Our efforts to identify a
prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may
pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to focus on a target in an industry where we believe
our management team’s expertise and experience will provide us with a competitive advantage. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that
an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. Past performance by our management team
and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been
associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding our
management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and
their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify
a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of
any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our
management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by
each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors,
many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 23 We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise. We will consider a business
combination outside of our management’s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less
favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we
elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding
the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a
result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders
who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such
shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public
shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public
shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an
independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 24 Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata
portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we
decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related
costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
have not completed our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds
in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement
of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor,
officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may
compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities
for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive
discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting,
any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our
criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite
our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal
firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and,
as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts
of interest. Since our Sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares
they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for
our initial business combination. Additionally, since our initial shareholders only paid approximately $0.004 per founder share, our officers
and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. On July 22, 2020, our
Sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000 for certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for issuance of 8,625,000 Founder Shares, or approximately
$0.004 per share. On December 16, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to us for cancellation for no consideration.
On January 6, 2021, we effected a share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares, resulting in a total of 6,900,000 Founder Shares
outstanding. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
The purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of Founder
Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the total size of the Public Offering was 27,600,000 units,
and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The Founder Shares will
be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders purchased an aggregate of 5,013,333
warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $7,520,000, or $1.50 per warrant. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if
we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing
the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary
of the Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 25 Additionally, since our initial
shareholders only paid approximately $0.004 per founder share, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit
even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business
which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the
Public Offering and Private Placement provided us $273,860,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking
into account the $9,660,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC
that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: · | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or · | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 26 This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business
combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business
combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as
we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement
for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business
combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our
Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof,
and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 27 In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a
business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition
of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with
respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities.
Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the
company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the public warrants and, solely with respect
to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private
placement warrants, 50% of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an
initial business combination by January 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the
nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the
affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate
an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65% of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the
trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special
purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the
requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except
in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of
funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively
beneficially own 20% of our ordinary shares upon the closing of the Public Off (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Public
Offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement
and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special
purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 28 Our Sponsor, officers, directors
and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
January 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares.
Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to
pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach,
our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any
specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with
the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase
price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we
may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination
and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund
the purchase of other companies. If we have not completed our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their
pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will
expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 29 Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require
that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they
are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) or international financial reporting
standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”) depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as
we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes
compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies
because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any
such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
business combination. Risks Relating to our Securities You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject
to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination by January 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to
shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have
not completed an initial business combination by January 11, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In
no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will
not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 30 NYSE may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. Our securities are listed
on the NYSE. Although we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing
standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our
initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must
maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our Public Offering, we must maintain a minimum
amount in Shareholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, in connection with our Public Offering, we are required to demonstrate compliance with NYSE’s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share and our Shareholders’ equity
would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. If NYSE delists our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • | reduced liquidity for our securities; • | a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; • | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and • | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the
NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants l qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued
by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further,
if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 31 We are not registering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time.
However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and thereafter will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial
business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If holders exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon such cashless exercise will be based on a formula
subject to a maximum amount of 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). In no event will warrants
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the
event we do not so elect, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under
applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have
the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company because the warrant holder
will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold than they would have upon
a cash exercise. 32 In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified
or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have
paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance
where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding
exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the Public Offering. In such an instance,
our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants
and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants
and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if
we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement,
you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
fifteen business days of the closing of an initial business combination. The grant of registration rights to our
initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement
to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering, our initial shareholders and their
permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, holders
of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans may demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear
the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in
the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the
registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of
the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative
impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders,
holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 33 We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than
one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances
would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per
share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share.
Immediately after the Public Offering, there was 172,400,000 and 13,100,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B
ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise
of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically
convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one
ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including
in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination.
Immediately after the Public Offering, there was no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee
incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with
the redemption of our warrants or Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater
than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination,
we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote
as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: • | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering; • | may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; • | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. Unlike some other similarly structured special
purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares
to consummate an initial business combination. The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to
further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon
conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 34 We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will
not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the
Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: • | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; • | our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; • | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; • | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and • | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 35 Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate
of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the
purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. The difference between the
public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary share and none to the warrant
included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A ordinary shares after the Public Offering
constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in the Public Offering. Our initial shareholders acquired the Founder Shares at
a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing the Public Offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the
warrants included in the units, you and the other public shareholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately
93.1% (or $9.31 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma
net tangible book value per share after the Public Offering of $0.69 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. This dilution
would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Founder Shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares
on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Founder Shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition,
because of the anti-dilution protection in the Founder Shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial
business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number
of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The
warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the
public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the
then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise
price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (i) we issue additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value
of our Class A ordinary shares is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00
per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 36 Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided
that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number
of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which we send notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided certain other
conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set
forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you
to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell
your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value
of your warrants. 37 In addition, we have the
ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading “Description of Securities—Warrants—Public
Shareholders’ Warrants—Anti-Dilution Adjustments”) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including
that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based
on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants
(1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying
share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary
shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life
of the warrants. None of the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase
9,200,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in the Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing
of the Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,013,333 warrants, at $1.50 per warrant. In addition, if the
Sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at
the price of $1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary
shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised,
will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares
issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or
increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-third of
one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition
companies. Each unit contains one-third
of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units
will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other
offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established
the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain
a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless,
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 38 Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S.
Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will
be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or
amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United
States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under
statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted
bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a
Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our
Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the
above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members
of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 39 Risks Relating to our Management Team None of our Sponsor, officers or directors
has any experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company in the past. None of our Sponsor, officers
or directors has had experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company in the past. Accordingly, you may not
have sufficient information with which to evaluate their ability to identify and consummate a business combination using the proceeds
of our Public Offering. Our management’s lack of experience in operating a special purpose acquisition corporation could adversely
affect our ability to consummate a business combination and could result in our not completing a business combination in the prescribed
time frame. We are dependent upon our officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors and the members of our advisory board. We
believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers, directors and members of our advisory board, at least until
we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount
of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including
identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or
key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. In addition, the officers
and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business
combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The
role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at
this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with
the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 40 Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target’s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to
us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders’
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 41 Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers
and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with
our Sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our Founder Shares and private placement warrants,
indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account.
The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer
the Founder Shares for 185 days following the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will require the prior written consent
of the underwriters). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business
combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders
and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. Our initial shareholders will control the
election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us.
As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon the closing of the Public
Offering, our initial shareholders owned 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units
in the Public Offering). In addition, the Founder Shares, all of which are held by our initial shareholders, entitle the holders to elect
all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to
vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, the Founder Shares, all of which are held by our initial shareholders,
will, in a vote to continue the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds
of the votes of all ordinary shares), entitle the holders to ten votes for every founder share. These provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a majority of at least 90% of our ordinary shares voting at a shareholder
meeting. Accordingly, our initial
shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any units
in the Public Offering or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately
negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers
or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A
ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and are divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may
not hold an annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all
of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting,
as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election
and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider
to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 42 Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. Even if we conduct due diligence
on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially
finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 43 Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers’ and
directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion
of the Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and
combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a
business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving
as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. In addition, our Sponsor
and our officers and directors may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business
combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business
combination. However, our officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director
of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered
into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
by January 11, 2023. We do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 44 Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitability operate such business. We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity
interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of
a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of
new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company’s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating
a Business in Foreign Countries If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in
connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated
with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial
business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in an international setting, including any of the following: • | costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; • | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; • | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; • | exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; • | tariffs and trade barriers; • | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 45 • | local or regional economic policies and market conditions; • | unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • | challenges in managing and staffing international operations; • | longer payment cycles; • | tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • | rates of inflation; • | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • | cultural and language differences; • | employment regulations; • | underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; • | corruption; • | protection of intellectual property; • | social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; • | regime changes and political upheaval; • | terrorist attacks and wars; and • | deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we
complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business
combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target
business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United
States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. 46 After our initial business combination,
substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations
in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political
and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and
social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic
growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future.
If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our
ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business
combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a
non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and
distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our
target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative
value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation
of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value
against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars
will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial
business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine
to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement
of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. We are subject to changing law and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and
regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. 47 Moreover, because these laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes
available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes,
we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. General Risk Factors We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any
taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants,
the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending
on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot
be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as
a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request,
we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may require, including
a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing fund” election,
but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect
to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC
rules. An investment in the Public Offering may
result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in the Public
Offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address
instruments similar to the units we issued in the Public Offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase
price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a warrant included in each unit could be challenged by the
IRS or courts. In addition, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we
issued in the Public Offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our Class A
ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized
by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any
dividend we pay would be considered “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors
are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when acquiring, owning or disposing of our securities. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. We may, in connection with
our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Law, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it
is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject
to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 48 After our initial business combination,
it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after
our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets
will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United
States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an “emerging
growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies,
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less
attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would
be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 49 Additionally, we are a “smaller
reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
$100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
$700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also
make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. ITEM
IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. We currently utilize office
space at 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5 th Floor, New York, NY 10036, from our Sponsor and the members of our management team
as our executive offices. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2020,
to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any
members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such
proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 50 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary
shares and warrants listed on NYSE under the symbols “IVAN.U,” “IVAN” and “IVAN WS”, respectively. Holders As of December 31, 2020,
there were no holder of records of our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants. The number of holders of record does not include
a substantially greater number of “street name” holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders as described herein were deemed to be exempt from registration
under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a
public offering. Use of Proceeds On January 6, 2021, our
registration statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-251493) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant
to which we sold an aggregate of 27,600,000 units at an offering price to the public of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate offering price
of $276,000,000, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Warrant. Each whole Warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC acted
as the representative for the underwriters (the “Underwriters”). Our Public Offering did not terminate before all of the securities
registered in our registration statement were sold. The Public Offering was consummated on January 11, 2021. Net proceeds of $276,000,000
from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting discounts of approximately $9,660,000,
are held in the Trust Account at December 31, 2020. We paid $5,520,000 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of approximately
$661,000 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer approximately $9,660,000 in underwriting discounts,
which amount will be payable when and if a business combination is consummated. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or
persons owning ten percent or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change
in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated January 6, 2020 which was filed
with the SEC. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA. As a “smaller reporting
company,” we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 51 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References to the “Company,”
 “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report
on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future
events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause
our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,”
 “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other
similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in
our other SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check
company incorporated on July 8, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor is Ivanhoe
Capital Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability
company. While we may pursue an
initial business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on companies in a target in an industry where we believe
our management team’s expertise and experience will provide us with a competitive advantage. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or
backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the IPO otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target,
debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. The issuance of additional
shares in a business combination: • | may significantly dilute the equity interest of our existing investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; • | may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; • | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; • | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and • | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 52 Similarly, if we issue
debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: • | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; • | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; • | our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; • | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; • | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and • | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. The registration statement
for our Public Offering became effective on January 6, 2021. On January 11, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering of 27,600,000
units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the “Public
Shares”), which includes 3,600,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”), at $10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $15.8 million, inclusive of approximately
$9.7 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the
closing of the Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 5,013,333 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant”
and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with our Sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million. Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the
Private Placement, $276.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the
Private Placement were placed in the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and invested
in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as
described below. 53 If we are unable to complete a business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or January 11, 2023 (the “Combination Period”), we will
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
requirements of applicable law. Results of Operations Our entire activity since
inception through December 31, 2020 related to our formation, the preparation for the Public Offering, and since the closing of the
Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will
generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We expect to incur increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. For the period from July 8,
2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, we had a loss of approximately $33,000, which consisted solely of general and administrative
expenses. Liquidity and Capital
Resources As of December 31,
2020, we had cash of approximately $161,000 and a working capital deficit of approximately $421,000. Our liquidity needs to
date have been satisfied through a contribution of $25,000 from our Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for our issuance of
the Founder Shares, a loan of $500,000 from our Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note, and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private
Placement not held in the Trust Account. We repaid the promissory note in full on January 15, 2021. In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any working
capital loan. Based on the foregoing,
management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or one year
from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating
prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures,
selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. Management continues
to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative
effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is
not readily determinable as of the date of the balance sheet. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 54 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On July 22, 2020, our Sponsor paid an aggregate
of $25,000 for certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for the Founder Shares. On December 16, 2020, our Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000
Founder Shares to us for cancellation for no consideration. On January 6, 2021, we effected a share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares,
resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder Shares outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share surrender and share capitalization. The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of
900,000 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in
full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering.
On January 11, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (i) (v) with respect to 20% of such shares, until consummation
of the initial business combination, (w) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of the initial business combination
(a “Requisite Trading Period”), (x) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $14.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, (y) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price
of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (z) with respect to the remaining
20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 for the Requisite Trading Period,
and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
business combination that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property; provided that in the event that the per share value of the cash, securities or other property to be received
by the shareholders in such liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction (the “Per Share Transaction
Value”) is less than $18.00, then the Founder Shares will be released from these transfer restrictions to the Initial Shareholders
on a pro rata basis as follows: (a) to the extent not previously released, all Founder Shares that are subject to release upon achievement
of any share price performance requirements that are less than the Per Share Transaction Value will be released, and (b) the number
of Founder Shares that would be released upon the achievement of the next share price performance requirement that is higher than the
Per Share Transaction Value (the “Release Threshold”), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals (x) 2,
minus (y) the amount by which the Release Threshold exceeds the Per Share Transaction Value, and the denominator of which equals
2, will be released. Any Founder Shares not released pursuant to the preceding sentence will be forfeited and cancelled. Related Party Loans On July 22, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan
us up to $600,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”), which was later amended on December 1, 2020. The Note is
non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Public Offering. We borrowed $500,000 under the Note. On January 15,
2021, we repaid the Note in full. 55 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor, members of our founding team or any of our affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If we complete a business combination, we would repay the
Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only
out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the
Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest,
or, at the lenders’ discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post
business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. To date, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services
Agreement Commencing on the date that our securities were
first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination and the liquidation, we agreed to pay
our Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the
management team. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of our respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our affiliates. Any such payments prior
to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Contractual Obligations Registration and Shareholder
Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Public Offering.
The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of the initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the closing date of the public offering to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units at the Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On January 11, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised its over-allotment option. 56 The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or approximately $5.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Public Offering. In addition,
$0.35 per unit, or approximately $9.7 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete
a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Recent Accounting
Pronouncements Our management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the
accompanying financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31,
2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012,
the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for
qualifying public companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with
new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. As an “emerging
growth company”, we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system
of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that
may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply
with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report
providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion
of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this
item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Reference is made to
Pages F-1 through F-6 comprising a portion of this Report. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. 57 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and
15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. During the most recently completed
fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. This annual report does not
include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established
by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As an
emerging growth company, management’s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. 58 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and executive
officers are as follows: Name | Age | Position
Robert Friedland | 70 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary Gartner | 64 | Chief Financial Officer
Andrew Boyd | 50 | Chief Investment Officer and Director
Christopher Carter | 71 | Director
Hirofumi Katase | 61 | Director
Francis P. T. Leung | 66 | Director
Edward T. Welburn Jr. | 70 | Director Robert
Friedland , 70, has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 2020. Mr. Friedland has over 25 years
of experience and has been recognized by leaders of the international financial sector and mineral resource industries as an entrepreneurial
explorer, technology innovator and company builder. Mr. Friedland’s experience is extensive. Mr. Friedland is the Director,
President and CEO of Ivanhoe Capital Corporation (“Ivanhoe Capital”) (since July 1988), the executive Co-Chairman (since
September 2018) (previously the Executive Chairman from May 2012 until September 2018) of Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. and the Co-Chair
Director of SK Global Entertainment, Inc. (since February 2017). Under Mr. Friedland’s tenure, Ivanhoe Capital
has invested in a diverse portfolio of businesses. Additionally, Mr. Friedland has been the Chief Executive Officer of High Power
Exploration Inc. (“HPX”) since December 2015. HPX is applying proprietary, geophysical technologies to rapidly evaluate
underground geological targets and accelerate exploration programs targeting mineral and water resources. Mr. Friedland is also the
Director, Chairman and President of Ivanhoe Pictures, Inc. (since May 2013), and a Director (since December 2016) and Chairman
(since June 2018) of VRB Energy Inc. As one of the most recognized mining personalities and achievers in the world, Mr. Friedland
is dedicated to serving on numerous boards in the natural resources sector. These positions include as a Co-Chairman and Director of Clean
TeQ Holdings Limited (since September 2016), a Director of I-Pulse Inc. (since April 2008) and a Director of Kietta SAS (since
November 2009), as well as the Chairman of Gold X Mining Corp. (since June 2020). Mr. Friedland graduated with a degree
in political science from Reed College. We believe that Mr. Friedland is qualified to serve as on our board of directors because
of his depth of experience in both executive positions and serving on numerous boards. Gary
Gartner , 64, has been our Chief Financial Officer since July 2020. As the Founding Member and Managing Director of
Alchemy Capital Planning LLC since July 2013, Mr. Gartner provides sophisticated tax consulting, financial and business advisory
services to a broad range of domestic and international clients. Mr. Gartner is also Senior Counsel at Dentons since February 2018
where he has experience counseling clients on the U.S. and international tax consequences of various transactions, restructurings and
securities offerings, and advising generally on strategic joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions and a wide array of liquidity transactions.
Prior, Mr. Gartner was a Partner, Chairman of the Firm, and Member of the Executive Committee at Kaye Scholer LLP, Chair of the U.S.
Tax Practice at Torys LLP and an International Principal of Arthur Anderson LLP. Mr. Gartner is well regarded as a leading tax practitioner
in both the United States and Canada and has written and lectured extensively on various topics, including the efficient structuring of
business investments. Mr. Gartner’s experience also transcends to the Board of SK Global Entertainment Inc., where he is also
Vice Chairman. Mr. Gartner holds a LL.M. in Taxation from the New York University and a L.L.B. from University of Ottawa Faculty
of Law. 59 Andrew
Boyd , 50, has been our Chief Investment Officer and Director since July 2020. From May 2014 to December 2019,
Mr. Boyd was the Global Head of Equity Capital Markets at Fidelity Management & Research Company. Mr. Boyd has been
the Managing Member of Bramalea Partners LLC since January 2020. We believe Mr. Boyd is qualified to serve on our board of directors
due to his experience in the finance industry. Christopher
Carter , 71, has been our Director since January 2021. Mr. Carter’s career began in 1973 at Hambros Bank
Limited. Since then, Mr. Carter has held a number of senior investment banking positions. For eighteen years, Mr. Carter worked
at Credit Suisse First Boston Limited where he held the titles of Managing Director from 1988 to 2005, Head of Global Equity Capital Markets
from 1993 to 2000 and served as Chairman of Europe from 2001 to 2005. In 2006, Mr. Carter joined Morgan Stanley & Co. (NYSE:
MS) as Vice Chairman−Institutional Securities. He served as Head of Global Capital Markets from 2007 to 2008 and since 2012, Mr. Carter
has been a Senior Advisor to Morgan Stanley. He has been the Chairman of Artorious Wealth Management since 2014 and a director of Mafic
S.A. since 2016. Mr. Carter holds a B.A. from the University of Toronto. We believe Mr. Carter is qualified to serve on our
board of directors because of his experience as an executive in the finance industry. Hirofumi
Katase , 61, has been our Director since January 2021. Mr. Katase has been the Executive Vice Chairman and a Director
of I-Pulse since December 2017. Before joining I-Pulse and until July 2017, Mr. Katase served as Japan’s Vice Minister
for International Affairs at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (“METI”). Having joined METI in April 1982,
Mr. Katase had a successful and lengthy career, holding numerous senior positions such as the Director General of the Science and
Technology Policy and Environment Policy Bureau from July 2013 to July 2015 and Trade Policy Bureau from July 2015 to June 2016.
Mr. Katase previously was Deputy Secretary–General for Space Policy at the Cabinet Office from June 2010 to July 2012,
where he led the development of national space policy, as well as the establishment of the Office of National Space Policy. Mr. Katase
also held numerous Director and Deputy Director General positions at METI from September 2000 to June 2010. Katase earned a
bachelor’s degree in law from the University of Tokyo and a master’s degree in applied economics from the University of Michigan.
We believe that Mr. Katase is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of successful career in trade, energy and industrial
policy. Francis
P.T. Leung , 66, has been our Director since January 2021. Mr. Leung has nearly thirty years of experience in
the investment banking industry, having advised many companies on corporate finance practices, including initial public offerings, mergers
and acquisitions. Mr. Leung has been a director of Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited since May 1996. Mr. Leung was also
the Chairman of the Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies from May 2015 to June 2019. Mr. Leung was a managing partner
of CVC Capital Partners, a leading international private equity group, during the period from March 2012 to September 2016,
and was its non-executive Chair of China in the 5-year period prior to March 2012 and the 3-year period after September 2016.
Prior to this, he was the Chairman of Citigroup Investment Banking, Asia (NYSE: C) from July 2001 to June 2006. Prior to
joining Citigroup, he was successively the Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of BNP Paribas Peregrine (OCTMKTS: BNPQF), which
was formed in January 1998 with the merger of Peregrine Group's (which he co-founded in 1988) Greater China equity and corporate
finance team and BNP Paribas' investment banking arm in Asia. We believe Mr. Leung is qualified to serve on our board of directors
because of his experience in the finance industry. 60 Edward
Welburn Jr . , 70, has been our Director since January 2021. Mr. Welburn is a graduate of Howard University,
and began his distinguished career as an intern for General Motors (NYSE: GM) (“GM”). For over forty years, Mr. Welburn
worked at GM where he designed over 540 cars, worked in a variety of design studios, and in October 2003, became GM's Vice President
of GM Design North America, the first African American to hold that position in the industry and the highest ranking African American
at GM. In March 2005, Mr. Welburn became the Vice President of GM Global Design, as he created a network of 11 GM Design Centers
in 7 countries around the world. After leaving GM in 2016, Mr. Welburn formed The Welburn Group with a focus on automotive design,
micro mobility design, and athletic shoe design. In April 2018, Mr. Welburn formed Welburn Media Productions becoming CEO and
Executive Producer. Mr. Welburn has been inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame, recipient of the Eyes On Design Lifetime Achievement
Award, and the Black Engineer of The Year awards. Mr. Welburn is committed to serving the next generation of artist and designers
by serving on the board of directors for the College for Creative Studies, Tony Bennett's Exploring The Arts foundation, as well as America
On Wheels. We believe that Mr. Welburn is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience serving on the boards
of various organizations within the design industry. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors Our board of directors consists
of six members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors elected prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the
NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Francis P. T. Leung and Edward T. Welburn Jr., will expire at
our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Christopher Carter and Hirofumi Katase,
will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Robert Friedland and
Andrew Boyd, will expire at the third annual general meeting. Only holders of Class B
ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to
elect directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90% of our ordinary shares voting in a general
meeting. Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Director Independence The rules of the NYSE
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An “independent
director” is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has no material relationship
with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company).
Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement from the Public Offering, we had one “independent director” as defined
in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of the Public Offering. Our board of directors has determined
that each of Christopher Carter, Hirofumi Katase, Francis P. T. Leung and Edward T. Welburn Jr. is an “independent director”
as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
only independent directors are present. 61 Board Committees Audit Committee We have an audit committee
comprised of Christopher Carter, Edward T. Welburn Jr. and Francis P. T. Leung, and Christopher Carter will chair the audit committee.
Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all
of whom must be independent. Each of Christopher Carter, Edward T. Welburn Jr. and Francis P. T. Leung meet the independent director standard
under NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Christopher Carter qualifies as an “audit committee financial
expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. The audit committee is responsible
for: · | assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; · | pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the registered public accounting firm all relationships the independent registered public accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; · | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; · | meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and · | reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 62 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have adopted a nominating
and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Christopher Carter
and Francis P. T. Leung and Francis P. T. Leung will serve as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. We will adopt a nominating
and corporate governance committee charter, which will detail the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance
committee, including: · | identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; · | developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; · | coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and · | reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The charter will also provide that the nominating
and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used
to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm’s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Edward T. Welburn Jr. and Hirofumi Katase serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the
NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom
must be independent. Edward T. Welburn Jr. and Hirofumi Katase are independent and Edward T. Welburn Jr. will chair the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including · | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer’s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation; 63 · | reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; · | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; · | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; · | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; · | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; · | producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and · | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.. The charter provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC. Code of Ethics and Committee Charters We adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
as an exhibit to the Public Offering registration statement. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings
at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees
of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or NYSE rules,
we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished
to us, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020,
all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. 64 Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law,
directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: • | duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; • | duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; • | directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; • | duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; • | duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and • | duty to exercise independent judgment. In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer,
on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 65 Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: Individual | Entity | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Robert Friedland | Blue Spark Energy USA Inc. | Oilfield services | Director
Clean TeQ Holdings Limited | Metals processing and water treatment | Director
Evershine Maritime Services Inc. | Asset holding | President
Faith Castle International Limited | Real estate holding | President
Golden Opportunity Maritime Inc. | Asset holding | President
HPX TechCo Inc. | Asset holding | CEO
HPX Nimba Holdings Inc. | Asset holding | Director
High Power Exploration Inc. | Mineral exploration | Director, CEO
Immobilaire Positano Amalfi - I.P.A. s.r.l. | Hotel operation | Director
ICC Aviation Limited | Asset Holding | Director
ICC Corporate Services Ltd. | Administrative Services | President
IM Group Films LLC | Media production | Vice-President
I-Pulse Inc. | Technology Holding | Director
I-Pulse Japan Co., Ltd. | Technology Holding Branch | Director
Ivanhoe Capital Corporation | Family office | Director, President, CEO
Ivanhoe Capital Finance Limited | Financing activities | President
Ivanhoe Capital Pte. Ltd | Family office branch | Director
Ivanhoe Entertainment LLC | Media production | Member
Ivanhoe Industries LLC | Asset holding | Manager
Ivanhoe Italia LLC | Asset holding | Director, Chairman & President
Ivanhoe Media LLC | Media production | Director, President
Ivanhoe Mines Ltd (formerly Ivanplats Limited) | Mining | Director Executive Co-Chairman
Ivanhoe Pictures, Inc. | Media production | Director, Chairman & President 66 VRB Energy Inc. | Energy storage | Director, Chairman
Kaizen Marine Ltd. | Asset holding | President
Kietta SAS | Marine seismic technology | Director
Nai Thon 1 Limited | Asset holding | Director
Nai Thon 2 Limited | Asset holding | Director
Newstar Advantage Ltd. | Asset holding | President
Newstar Nevada Holdings LLC | Asset holding | Director, President
Peace Land LLC | Real estate holding | Manager
Phraya Siam Property Limited | Real estate holding | Director
Point Piper LLC | Asset holding | President
RF VTV Holding LLC | Real estate holding | President, Manager
SK Global Entertainment Inc. | Media production | Co-Chairman
Gold X Mining | Mining | Chairman
The Albert Friedland Foundation, Inc. | Philanthropy | President & Director
Ivanhoe Firehouse | Real estate holding | Manager
1001 Bel Air Holdings LLC | Real estate holding | President
Ivanhoe Old Aspetong LLC | Real estate holding | Manager
Ivanhoe Robin Hood LLC | Real estate holding | Manager
Newstar Investment LLC | Asset holding | President
Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC | SPAC sponsor | President
Gary Gartner | SK Global Entertainment Inc. | Media production | Director
Alchemy Capital Planning LLC | Founding Member & Managing Director
Arsenale SpA | Hospitality | Director
Alchimia SpA | Venture capital investment | Director
Annabel Holding SpA | Private equity investment | Director
Dentons | Legal Services | Senior Counsel
America on Wheels | Museum | Director 67 Royal Conservatory of Music Foundation | Not for profit — arts | Director and President
NB Center for American Automotive History | Museum | Director
Andrew Boyd | Bramalea Partners, LLC | Technology focused private investment | Managing Member
Skyhawk Therapeutics, Inc. | Biotech | Director
Veridt, Inc. | Access control technology | Director
Christopher Carter | Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC | Financial services | Senior Advisor
Mafic S.A. | Advanced materials manufacturing | Director
Artorius Wealth Management Limited | Private wealth management | Chairman
Alzheimer’s Research UK | Not for profit — dementia research | Trustee
Hirofumi Katase | I-Pulse Inc. | Technology holding | Executive Vice Chairman and Director
Francis P.T. Leung | Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited | Chinese Conglomerate | Director
Edward T. Welburn Jr. | Welburn Group | Consumer goods design, focus on transportation | CEO and Chief Designer
Welburn Media Productions | Media production | Chief Executive Officer and Executive Producer
Centre for Creative Studies | Art and Design University | Director
Exploring the Arts | Not-for-profit promoting the arts in public schools | Director Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: • | Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 68 • | Our initial shareholders purchased Founder Shares prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will purchase private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) (v) with respect to 20% of such shares, until consummation of our initial business combination, (w) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, (x) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $14.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, (y) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (z) with respect to the remaining 20% of such shares, until the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided that in the event that the Per Share Transaction Value is less than $18.00, then the Founder Shares will be released from these transfer restrictions to our initial shareholders on a pro rata basis as follows: (a) to the extent not previously released, all Founder Shares that are subject to release upon achievement of any share price performance requirements that are less than the Per Share Transaction Value will be released, and (b) the number of Founder Shares that would be released upon the achievement of the Release Threshold, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals (x) 2, minus (y) the amount by which the Release Threshold exceeds the Per Share Transaction Value, and the denominator of which equals 2 will be released. Any Founder Shares not released pursuant to the preceding sentence will be forfeited and cancelled. For example, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option, if the Per Share Transaction Value equaled $15.00, then the number of Founder Shares released to our initial shareholders would be (1) any unreleased Founder Shares that were subject to release upon the achievement of the $12.00 and $14.00 share price requirements, plus (2) 600,000, or 50% of the Founder Shares that would have been released if the $16.00 share price threshold has been achieved, and the remaining 1,200,000 unreleased Founder Shares would be forfeited and cancelled. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days
following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares
or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. • | Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 69 We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which
is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of
our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder’s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination.
Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also pay our Sponsor $10,000 per month for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. We cannot assure you that
any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their
Founder Shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any shares purchased
during or after the Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not
limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors,
except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We expect to purchase a policy
of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement
or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors
have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to
us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only
be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial
business combination. Our indemnification obligations
may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions,
the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 70 ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our executive officers
or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered. We will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space,
secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team in an amount not to exceed $10,000 per month in the
event such space and/or services are utilized and we do not pay directly for such services. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease making these payments. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. It is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements with the post-transaction company after our initial
business combination. Any such arrangements will be disclosed in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished
to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination, to the extent they are known at such time. The existence or terms of
any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business,
but we do not believe that such arrangements will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans
under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 31, 2021, by: · | each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares of, on an as-converted basis; · | each of our officers and directors; and · | all of our officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 34,500,000 ordinary
shares of outstanding at March 31, 2021, of which 27,600,000 were Class A shares and 6,900,000 were Class B shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 71 NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1) | NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED (2) | APPROXIMATE PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING ORDINARY SHARES
Directors, Executive Officers and Founders
Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC (our Sponsor)(3) | 6,000,000 | 20 | %
Robert Friedland | - | -
Gary Gartner | - | -
Andrew Boyd | - | -
Christopher Carter | - | -
Hirofumi Katase | - | -
Francis P. T. Leung | - | -
Edward T. Welburn Jr. | - | -
All officers and directors as a group (seven individuals) | 6,000,000 | 20 | % NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER | NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED | APPROXIMATE PERCENTAGE OF OUTSTANDING ORDINARY SHARES
Five Percent Holders
Adage Capital Partners, L.P. | 1,800,000 | 6.52 | % (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 150 Beach Road, 25-03 The Gateway West, 189720 Singapore .
(2) | Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment.
(3) | Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Our Sponsor is managed by a board of managers consisting of Robert Friedland, Gary Gartner and Andrew Boyd. Any action by our Sponsor with respect to our company or the Founder Shares, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires a majority vote of the managers of the board of managers. Under the so-called “rule of three,” because voting and dispositive decisions are made by a majority of our Sponsor’s managers, none of the managers of our Sponsor is deemed to be a beneficial owner of our Sponsor’s securities, even those in which such manager holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of our directors or officers is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the Founder Shares held by our Sponsor .
(4) | According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 21, 2021 on behalf of Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (“ACP”), Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C. (“ACPGP”), Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C. (“ACA”), Robert Atchinson (“Mr. Atchinson”), Philip Gross (“Mr. Gross”). ACPGP is a general partner of ACP. ACA is a managing member of ACPGP. Mr. Atchinson is a managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP and general partner of ACP. Mr. Gross managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly owned by ACP. The address of the principal business address is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On July 22, 2020, our Sponsor paid an aggregate
of $25,000 for certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for our issuance of the Founder Shares. On December 16, 2020, our Sponsor
surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to us for cancellation for no consideration. On January 6, 2021, we effected a share capitalization
of 1,150,000 shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder Shares outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively
restated to reflect the share surrender and share capitalization. The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate
of 900,000 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional units was not exercised
in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20% of our issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering.
On January 11, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 72 The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (i) (v) with respect to 20% of such shares, until consummation
of the initial business combination, (w) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of the initial business combination
(a “Requisite Trading Period”), (x) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $14.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, (y) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price
of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (z) with respect to the remaining
20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 for the Requisite Trading Period,
and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
business combination that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property; provided that in the event that the per share value of the cash, securities or other property to be received
by the shareholders in such liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction (the “Per Share Transaction
Value”) is less than $18.00, then the Founder Shares will be released from these transfer restrictions to the Initial Shareholders
on a pro rata basis as follows: (a) to the extent not previously released, all Founder Shares that are subject to release upon achievement
of any share price performance requirements that are less than the Per Share Transaction Value will be released, and (b) the number
of Founder Shares that would be released upon the achievement of the next share price performance requirement that is higher than the
Per Share Transaction Value (the “Release Threshold”), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals (x) 2,
minus (y) the amount by which the Release Threshold exceeds the Per Share Transaction Value, and the denominator of which equals
2, will be released. Any Founder Shares not released pursuant to the preceding sentence will be forfeited and cancelled. Related Party Loans On July 22, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan
us up to $600,000 pursuant to the Note, which was later amended on December 1, 2020. The Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due upon the closing of the Public Offering. We borrowed $500,000 under the Note. On January 15, 2021, we repaid the Note in
full. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor, members of our founding team or any of our affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, loan us Working Capital Loans. If we complete a business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lenders’ discretion, up to
$1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of
$1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, we had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 73 Administrative Services
Agreement Commencing on the date that our securities were
first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination and the liquidation, we agreed to pay
our Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the
management team. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of our respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our affiliates. Any such payments prior
to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown,
PC (“Withum”), for services rendered. Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our July 8, 2020 (date of inception)
to December 31, 2020 financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings.
The aggregate fees for Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings
with the SEC for the period from July 8, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2020, including services in connection with
our Public Offering, totaled $78,280. The above amounts include interim review procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at
audit committee meetings. Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For
the period from July 8, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2020, we did not pay Withum for consultations concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards. Tax
Fees . We did not pay Withum for tax planning for the period from July 8, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31,
2020. All
Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services for the period from July 8, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31,
2020. 74 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial
Statements Reference is made to the Index to Financial
Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. (2) Financial
Statement Schedule All financial statement schedules are
omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report
the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibit Number | Description
3.1 | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020).
4.2 | Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020).
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020).
4.4 | Warrant Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
4.5 | Description of Securities.
10.1 | Letter Agreement among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC, dated as of January 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
10.2 | Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 1, 2020, issued to Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020). 75 10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 6, 2021, by and among the Company, Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
10.4 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2021, by and between the Company and Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
10.5 | Administrative Service Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2021, by and between the Company and Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2021).
10.6 | Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of July 21, 2020 by and between the Company, and Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC f/k/a Ivanhoe Capital (Cayman) Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020).
10.7 | Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020).
14 | Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251493) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2020.
24 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this report).
31.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).
31.2 | Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).
32.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350.
32.2 | Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 76 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 31, 2021
IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Robert Friedland
Name: Robert Friedland
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned directors
and officers of Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. hereby constitute and appoint each of Gary Gartner and Andrew Boyd, with the power to
act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our hue and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full
power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same,
with all exhibits and other documents relating thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or such attorney-in-fact’s
substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Robert Friedland | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | March 31, 2021
Robert Friedland | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Gary Gartner | Chief Financial Officer | March 31, 2021
Gary Gartner | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Andrew Boyd | Chief Investment Officer and Director | March 31, 2021
Andrew Boyd
/s/ Christopher Carter | Director | March 31, 2021
Christopher Carter
/s/ Hirofumi Katase | Director | March 31, 2021
Hirofumi Katase
/s/ Francis P. T. Leung | Director | March 31, 2021
Francis P. T. Leung
/s/ Edward T. Welburn Jr. | Director
Edward T. Welburn Jr. | March 31, 2021 77 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION
CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020 | F-3
Statement of Operations for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-4
Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Deficit for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited
the accompanying balance sheet of Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”), as of December 31, 2020, the related
statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December
31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC We have served as
the Company's auditor since 2020. New York, New York March 30, 2021 F- 2 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION
CORP. BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2020 Assets
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 161,271
Total current assets | 161,271
Deferred offering costs associated with initial public offering | 413,039
Total Assets | $ | 574,310
Liabilities and Shareholder's Deficit
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 13,785
Accrued expenses | 68,346
Note payable - related party | 500,000
Total current liabilities | 582,131
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)
Shareholder's Deficit:
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | -
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | -
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 6,900,000 shares issued and outstanding (1)(2) | 690
Additional paid-in capital | 24,310
Accumulated deficit | (32,821 | )
Total shareholders' deficit | (7,821 | )
Total Liabilities and Shareholder's Deficit | $ | 574,310 (1) This number includes up to 900,000 Class B ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. On January 11, 2021, the underwriter
exercised its over-allotment option, in full; thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 6). (2) Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect: (i) the surrender of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration on December 16,
2020; and (ii) the share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares on January 6, 2021, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding (see Note 6). The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. F- 3 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION
CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 8, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 General and administrative expenses | $ | 32,821
Net loss | $ | (32,821 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1)(2) | 6,000,000
Basic and diluted net loss per share | $ | (0.01 | ) (1) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 900,000 Class B ordinary
shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. On January 11, 2021,
the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option, in full; thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 6). (2) Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect: (i) the surrender of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration on December 16,
2020; and (ii) the share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares on January 6, 2021, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding (see Note 6). The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 4 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION
CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 8, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Ordinary Shares | Additional | Total
Class A | Class B | Paid-in | Accumulated | Shareholder's
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Deficit
Balance - July 8, 2020 (inception) | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1)(2) | - | - | 6,900,000 | 690 | 24,310 | - | 25,000
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (32,821 | ) | (32,821 | )
Balance - December 31, 2020 | - | $ | - | 6,900,000 | $ | 690 | $ | 24,310 | $ | (32,821 | ) | $ | (7,821 | ) (1) This number includes up to 900,000 Class B ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. On January 11, 2021, the underwriter
exercised its over-allotment option, in full; thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 6). (2) Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect: (i) the surrender of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration on December 16,
2020; and (ii) the share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares on January 6, 2021, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding (see Note 6). The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 5 IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION
CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 8, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (32,821 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares | 25,000
Changes in operating liabilities:
Accrued expenses | 6,213
Net cash used in operating activities | (1,608 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds received from note payable to related party | 408,341
Offering costs paid | (245,462 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 162,879
Net increase in cash | 161,271
Cash - beginning of the period | -
Cash - end of the period | $ | 161,271
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:
Offering costs included in accounts payable | $ | 13,785
Offering costs included in accrued expenses | $ | 62,133
Offering costs paid by Sponsor under promissory note | $ | 91,659 The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 6 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”)
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 8, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the
purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with
one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (“Business Combination”). As of December 31, 2020, the Company had
not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from July 8, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 relates to
the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”), which is described below. The
Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s sponsor
is Ivanhoe Capital Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (“Sponsor”). The registration statement for the
Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 6, 2021. On January 11, 2021, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”), including 3,600,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment
Units”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $15.8 million,
of which approximately $9.7 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6). Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 5,013,333
warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price
of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, $276.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the
proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”) with Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the
distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The Company’s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company’s
initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in Trust) at the time the Company
signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. The Company will provide its holders of the Public
Shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a
tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares
for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share
amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
(“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon
such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which will be adopted by the Company upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering (the “Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association”), conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each
Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to this Initial
Public Offering (the “Initial Shareholders”) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business
Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. F- 7 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company’s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such
shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 20% or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the
prior consent of the Company. The Company’s Sponsor, executive officers,
directors and director nominees agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to provide for the redemption of its Public
Shares in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination,
unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or January 11, 2023 (the “Combination Period”),
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In connection with the redemption of 100% of the
Company’s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata
portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
previously released to the Company to pay the Company’s taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).
The Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the
Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights
to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00
per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers
(except the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. F- 8 Liquidity and capital
resources As of December 31,
2021, the Company had approximately $161,000 in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of approximately $421,000. The Company’s liquidity
needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution of $25,000 from Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance
of the Founder Shares, a loan of $500,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (see Note 5), and the proceeds from the consummation of
the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on January 15, 2021. In addition, in
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of
the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). To date,
there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the
Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business
Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable,
identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses,
paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The accompanying financial statements are presented
in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging growth company The Company is an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS
Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging
growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as
an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This
may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. F- 9 Concentration of credit
risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at
times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on the account. Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Fair value of financial instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements”, approximates the
carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Offering costs associated with the Initial
Public Offering Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting,
and other costs incurred that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders’ equity
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Income taxes FASB ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s only major tax jurisdiction. The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized
tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income
by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the
Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company’s financial statements. The Company’s management does
not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial
statements. F- 10 NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING On January 11, 2021, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 Units, including 3,600,000 Over-Allotment Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $15.8 million, of which approximately $9.7 million was
for deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 5,013,333 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.50 per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and
directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On July 22, 2020, the Sponsor paid an aggregate
of $25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares (the “Founder
Shares”). On December 16, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered 2,875,000 Founder Shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration.
On January 6, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder
Shares outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender and share capitalization.
The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 900,000 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the
extent that the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would
represent 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On January 11, 2021, the
underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (i) (v) with respect to 20% of such shares, until consummation
of the initial Business Combination, (w) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds $12.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of the initial Business Combination
(a “Requisite Trading Period”), (x) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $14.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, (y) with respect to 20% of such shares, until the closing price
of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $16.00 for the Requisite Trading Period, and (z) with respect to the remaining
20% of such shares, until the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 for the Requisite Trading Period,
and (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after
the initial Business Combination that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property; provided that in the event that the per share value of the cash, securities or other property
to be received by the shareholders in such liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction (the “Per Share
Transaction Value”) is less than $18.00, then the Founder Shares will be released from these transfer restrictions to the Initial
Shareholders on a pro rata basis as follows: (a) to the extent not previously released, all Founder Shares that are subject to release
upon achievement of any share price performance requirements that are less than the Per Share Transaction Value will be released, and
(b) the number of Founder Shares that would be released upon the achievement of the next share price performance requirement that
is higher than the Per Share Transaction Value (the “Release Threshold”), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
equals (x) 2, minus (y) the amount by which the Release Threshold exceeds the Per Share Transaction Value, and the denominator
of which equals 2, will be released. Any Founder Shares not released pursuant to the preceding sentence will be forfeited and cancelled. F- 11 Related Party Loans On July 22, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to $600,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”), which was later amended on December 1, 2020. The
Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed $500,000 under the
Note. On January 15, 2021, the Company repaid the Note in full. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company’s founding team or any of their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business
Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise,
the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders’ discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that the Company’s
securities were first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation,
the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided
to members of the management team. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the
Company’s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations.
The Company’s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers or directors,
or the Company’s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside
the Trust Account. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS & CONTINGENCIES Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public
Offering. The holders of these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On January 11, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or approximately $5.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, $0.35 per unit, or approximately $9.7 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. F- 12 Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect
on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference
Shares— The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At December 31,
2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A
Ordinary Shares— The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020,
there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. Class B
Ordinary Shares— The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. On July 22, 2020, the Company issued 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares. On December 16, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered
2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for cancellation for no consideration. On January 6, 2021, the Company effected
a share capitalization of 1,150,000 shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All shares
and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender and share capitalization. Of the 6,900,000 Class B
ordinary shares outstanding, up to 900,000 Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Initial Shareholders
for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the
Initial Shareholders would collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public
Offering. On January 11, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these 900,000 Class B ordinary
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary
shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders
except as required by law. In a vote to continue the company in jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (which required the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of the Founder
Shares will have ten votes for every Founder Share and holders of the Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A
ordinary share. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to
further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon
conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Warrants— Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the
completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case
that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt
from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified
in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis”
and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and
in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. F- 13 The warrants have an exercise price of $11.50
per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder
Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net
of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 10-trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market
Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price (See “—Redemption of Warrants
When the Price Per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00” and “—Redemption of Warrants When the Price
per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $10.00”), and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. (See “—Redemption of Warrants
When the Price Per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $10.00”). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will
be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers’ permitted transferees. If the Private Placement
Warrants are held by someone other than the Initial Shareholders or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be
redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00: Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement
Warrants): · | in whole and not in part; · | at a price of $0.01 per warrant; · | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and · | if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the “closing price”) of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. F- 14 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described
above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day
redemption period. Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00: Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: · | in whole and not in part; · | at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of Class A ordinary shares; and · | if, and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The “fair market value” of Class A
ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading
days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants
be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). In no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they
receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly,
the warrants may expire worthless. NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements
were issued. Other than previously described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify
any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. F- 15