0001819142 false 0001819142 2021-10-22 2021-10-22 0001819142 IVAN:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2021-10-22 2021-10-22 0001819142 IVAN:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001ParValueMember 2021-10-22 2021-10-22 0001819142 IVAN:RedeemableWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 2021-10-22 2021-10-22 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 22, 2021 IVANHOE
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39845 | 98-1567584
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1177
Avenue of the Americas 5th
Floor New
York , NY 10036 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: ( 646 ) 452-7037 Not
Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001, and one-third of one redeemable warrant | IVAN.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units, par value $0.0001 | IVAN | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | IVAN WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On
October 22, 2021, Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “ Company ”
or “ Ivanhoe ”), entered into an additional subscription agreement (the “ New
Subscription Agreement ”), dated as of October 22, 2021, in connection with its proposed PIPE financing related to its pending
business combination (the “ Business Combination ”) with SES Holdings Pte.
Ltd. (“ SES ”). As
previously reported, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, with Wormhole Merger Sub Pte.
Ltd., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Amalgamation Sub ”) and SES, (as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Business Combination Agreement ”) providing that, in the Business Combination,
in accordance with the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore and other applicable law, Amalgamation Sub and SES will amalgamate (the
“ Amalgamation ”), with SES surviving the Amalgamation as the amalgamated company. Prior to consummation of the Business
Combination, Ivanhoe will migrate out of the Cayman Islands and domesticate as a Delaware corporation (the “ Domestication ”)
and be renamed “SES AI Corporation” (Ivanhoe, following the Domestication, “ New SES ”). Additionally, as
previously reported, the Company entered into subscription agreements (the “ Initial Subscription Agreements ”), dated
as of July 12, 2021, with certain accredited and institutional investors (the “ Initial PIPE Investors ”), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Initial PIPE Investors, in a PIPE financing consisting of private placements set
to close immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination (the “ PIPE Financing ”), an aggregate of 20 million
shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of New SES (the “ New SES Class A common stock ”) following
the Business Combination, at a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $200 million. The
New Subscription Agreement is with a strategic investor and is in substantially the same form as the Initial Subscription
Agreements. Pursuant to the New Subscription Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell, in the PIPE Financing, an aggregate of
an additional 7.5 million shares of New SES Class A common stock, at a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase
price of $75 million, bringing the aggregate amount of commitments from under the Initial Subscription Agreements and the New
Subscription Agreement (together, the “ Subscription Agreements ”) to $275
million. The additional commitments help ensure that the Company will satisfy the closing condition in the Business Combination
Agreement that the Company have at least $200 million of available cash from its trust account and proceeds from the PIPE Financing
at the closing of the Business Combination (the “ Closing ”). The
foregoing description of the New Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms
and conditions of the form of Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference
herein. Item 3.02. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The
disclosure set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the sale and issuance of 7.5 million shares
of New SES Class A common stock is incorporated by reference herein. The securities that may be issued in connection with the Subscription
Agreements will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Forward-Looking
Statements All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “ Current Report ”)
are “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as “believe,”
“may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“expect,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “predict,”
“potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “future,” “outlook,” “target” and
other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or events or trends that are not statements of historical matters. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Business Combination and satisfaction of conditions
to the Closing of the Business Combination, the timing of the Closing and the PIPE Financing. These statements are based on various assumptions,
whether or not identified in this Current Report, and on the current expectations of SES's and Ivanhoe's management and are not predictions
of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as
and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of SES and Ivanhoe. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; the
inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the Business Combination, including the risk that any required regulatory
approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or
the expected benefits of the Business Combination or that the approval of the shareholders of SES or Ivanhoe is not obtained; the failure
to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information
with respect to SES; risks related to the development and commercialization of SES's battery technology and the timing and achievement
of expected business milestones; the effects of competition on SES's business; the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current
plans and operations of Ivanhoe and SES as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to
recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability
of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and retain its management and key
employees; risks relating SES’s history of no revenues and net losses; the risk that SES’s joint development agreements and
other strategic alliances could be unsuccessful; risks relating to delays in the design, manufacture, regulatory approval and launch
of SES’s battery cells; the risk that SES may not establish supply relationships for necessary components or pay components that
are more expensive than anticipated; risks relating to competition and rapid change in the electric vehicle battery market; safety risks
posed by certain components of SES’s batteries; risks relating to machinery used in the production of SES’s batteries; risks
relating to the willingness of commercial vehicle and specialty vehicle operators and consumers to adopt electric vehicles; risks relating
to SES’s intellectual property portfolio; the amount of redemption requests made by Ivanhoe's public shareholders;
the ability of Ivanhoe or the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing in connection with
the Business Combination or in the future and those factors discussed in Ivanhoe's annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) on March 31, 2021, under the heading "Risk Factors," in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC on August 10, 2021, as it may be amended, under the heading “Risk Factors”
and other documents of Ivanhoe filed, or to be filed, with the SEC relating to the Business Combination. If any of these risks materialize
or Ivanhoe's or SES's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking
statements. There may be additional risks that neither Ivanhoe nor SES presently know or that Ivanhoe and SES currently believe are immaterial
that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements
reflect Ivanhoe's and SES's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report. Ivanhoe
and SES anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments to change. However, while Ivanhoe
and SES may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Ivanhoe and SES specifically disclaim any obligation
to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Ivanhoe's and SES's assessments as of any date subsequent
to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Additional
Information This
Current Report relates to the proposed Business Combination between Ivanhoe and SES. This Current Report does not constitute an offer
to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. Ivanhoe has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which includes a document that, following
effectiveness, will serve as a joint prospectus and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. Once the SEC declares
the Registration Statement effective, the proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all Ivanhoe shareholders. No
offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom. Ivanhoe will also file other documents regarding the proposed Business Combination
with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors and security holders of Ivanhoe are urged to read the registration statement,
the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed
Business Combination as they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed Business Combination. Investors
and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents
filed by Ivanhoe with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge upon written request to Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp., 1177 Avenue
of the Americas, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10036. Participants
in the Solicitation Ivanhoe,
SES and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ivanhoe’s
shareholders in connection with the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors, executive officers, other members
of management and employees, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be contained in Ivanhoe’s
filings with the SEC, including Ivanhoe’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed
with the SEC on March 31, 2021, and such information and names of SES’s directors and executive officers also are in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC by Ivanhoe. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants in
the solicitation process may also be included in other relevant documents when they are filed with the SEC . Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description of Exhibits
10.1 | Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39845), filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021).
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. IVANHOE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Gary Gartner
Name: | Gary Gartner
Title: | Chief Financial Officer
Date: October 22, 2021