8-K 1 ea144540-8k_powerdigitalacq.htm CURRENT REPORT SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
July 20, 2021 POWER & DIGITAL
INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-40046 | 86-1243837
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 321 North Clark Street Suite 2440 Chicago, IL 60654 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) (312) 262-5642 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following
provisions: ☒ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | XPDIU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units | XPDI | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 | XPDIW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Merger Agreement On July 20, 2021, Power
& Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ XPDI ”), entered into an A greement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Agreement ”),
with XPDI Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary
of XPDI (“ First Merger Sub ”), XPDI Merger Sub 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary
of XPDI (“ Second Merger Sub ” and, together with First Merger Sub, the “ Merger Subs ” and, together
with XPDI, the “ XPDI Parties ”), and Core Scientific Holding Co., a Delaware corporation (“ Core Scientific ”). The Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the “ Business Combination ”) were unanimously
approved by the boards of directors of each of XPDI and Core Scientific. Pursuant to the Agreement,
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, XPDI will acquire Core Scientific through a series of transactions, including
(x) the merger of First Merger Sub with and into Core Scientific (the “ First Merger ”), with Core Scientific surviving
the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of XPDI, and (y) the merger of Core Scientific with and into Second Merger Sub (the “ Second
Merger ” and, together with the First Merger, the “ Mergers ”), with Second Merger Sub surviving the Second
Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of XPDI. As a result of the Mergers, among other things, each outstanding share of common stock, $0.00001
per share, of Core Scientific (“ Core Scientific Common Stock ”) will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a number of shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of XPDI (the “ Class A Common Stock ”)
in an amount that is approximately equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) an amount equal to (x) $4.0 billion, divided by (y) the number of shares
of Core Scientific Common Stock on a fully-diluted basis, by (b) $10.00. Representations and Warranties; Covenants The Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties by the XPDI Parties and Core Scientific, many of which are qualified by materiality and “ Material
Adverse Effect ” standards. The representations and warranties of
the respective parties to the Agreement will not survive the closing of the Business Combination (the “ Closing ”). The Agreement contains certain
covenants, including, among others, providing for (i) the parties to conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course through
the Closing, (ii) the parties to not initiate any negotiations or enter into any agreements for certain alternative transactions, (iii)
XPDI to prepare and file a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “ Registration Statement ”) and take certain other
actions to obtain the approval of the Business Combination from the stockholders of XPDI and (iv) the parties to use reasonable best efforts
to obtain necessary approvals from governmental agencies. Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations The Agreement is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions by the parties thereto, including, among others, (i) approval
of the Business Combination by the stockholders of XPDI and Core Scientific, (ii) effectiveness of the Registration Statement, (iii)
expiration or termination of the waiting period under antitrust laws and (iv) receipt of approval for listing on the NASDAQ of the
shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Business Combination. 1 The obligations of the XPDI
Parties to consummate the Business Combination also are conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of Core Scientific (subject to customary bring-down standards), (ii) the covenants of Core Scientific having been performed
in all material respects, (iii) no Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Agreement) with respect to Core Scientific shall have occurred
and (iv) the closing of the merger between Core Scientific and Blockcap, Inc. (“ Blockcap ”). The obligations of Core Scientific
to consummate the Business Combination also are conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the XPDI Parties (subject to customary bring-down standards), (ii) the covenants of the XPDI Parties having been performed in all material
respects and (iii) the covenants of the Sponsor (as defined below) required under the Sponsor Agreement (as defined below) having been
performed in all material respects. Redemption Offer XPDI will provide the holders
of shares of Class A Common Stock the right to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with the
Business Combination, as set forth in the governing documents of XPDI. Termination The Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Closing (i) by mutual written consent of XPDI and Core Scientific, (ii) by either XPDI or Core Scientific in
certain other circumstances set forth in the Agreement, including (a) if XPDI stockholder approval of the Business Combination is not
obtained, (b) if any final and nonappealable governmental order will have been issued or otherwise entered into making consummation of
the Business Combination illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting consummation of the Business Combination, (c) in the event of
certain uncured breaches by the other party and (d) if the Closing has not occurred on or before March 21, 2022, (iii) by XPDI, if Core
Scientific has not delivered written consents of certain Core Scientific stockholders approving the Business Combination as required
by the Agreement and (iv) by Core Scientific, if the board of directors of XPDI changes its recommendation to stockholders relating to
the approval of the Business Combination. The foregoing description
of the Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. The Agreement and the above description of the Agreement have been included in this Current Report
on Form 8-K (this “ Current Report ”) to provide investors and
security holders with information regarding the terms of the Agreement. They are not intended to provide any other factual information
about XPDI, Core Scientific or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations
and warranties contained in the Agreement are qualified by matters disclosed in certain of XPDI’s filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ’) prior to the date of the Agreement and by information in confidential disclosure letters
provided by each of XPDI and Core Scientific to the other in connection with the signing of the Agreement. These confidential disclosure
letters contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties and certain covenants
set forth in the Agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants are also subject to materiality qualifications contained in
the Agreement that may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the
Agreement were used for the purposes of allocating risk between XPDI and Core Scientific rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly,
the representations and warranties in the Agreement should not be relied on as characterizations of the actual state of facts about XPDI,
Core Scientific or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Accordingly, the Agreement should not be read in isolation, but should
instead be read in conjunction with other information regarding XPDI, Core Scientific or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates that
is or will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that XPDI files or furnishes with the SEC. Sponsor Agreement Simultaneous with its entry
into the Agreement, XPDI also entered into a Sponsor Agreement (the “ Sponsor Agreement ”), by and among XPDI, XPDI Sponsor
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Sponsor ”), the other holders of XPDI’s Class B common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the “ Class B Common Stock ” and, such holders, together with the Sponsor, the “ Class
B Holders ”), and Core Scientific, whereby, among other things, (a) the Class B Holders agreed to vote their shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock in favor of approving the Agreement and the Business Combination, (b) the Class B Holders agreed to waive
any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in XPDI’s organizational documents or any other anti-dilution or similar protection
with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock and (c) the Class B Holders agreed to be bound by certain transfer restrictions with
respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock prior to the Closing. 2 Additionally, pursuant to
the terms of the Sponsor Agreement, 20% of the shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Class B Holders (the “ SPAC Vesting
Shares ”) will be unvested at the Closing and will vest (and shall not be subject to forfeiture) upon the date on which the volume-weighted
average price of the Class A Common Stock is greater than $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period within five years of the Closing
(the “ Vesting Period ”). Any SPAC Vesting Shares that have not vested by the end of the Vesting Period will be deemed
to be transferred by the forfeiting holder to XPDI without any consideration and shall be cancelled by XPDI and cease to exist. The foregoing description
of the Sponsor Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sponsor Agreement, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Support Agreement Simultaneous with its entry
into the Agreement, XPDI has entered into a Company Support Agreement (the “ Support Agreement ”), by and among XPDI,
Core Scientific and certain stockholders of Core Scientific (the “ Core Scientific Stockholders ”). Under the Support
Agreement, the Core Scientific Stockholders have agreed to vote or cause to be voted or to execute and deliver a written consent with
respect to the Core Scientific equity securities held by the Core Scientific Stockholders adopting the Agreement and approving the Business
Combination. The Core Scientific equity securities that are owned by the Core Scientific Stockholders and subject to the Support Agreement
represent more than a majority of the outstanding voting power of Core Scientific shares (on a fully-diluted, as-converted basis). The foregoing description
of the Support Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Support Agreement, a
copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure On July 21, 2021, XPDI and
Core Scientific issued a joint press release announcing the parties’ entry into the Agreement. The press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1, and is incorporated by reference herein. Furnished as Exhibit 99.2
hereto and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference is the investor presentation that XPDI and Core Scientific prepared for use in
connection with the announcement of the Business Combination. The foregoing (including Exhibit
99.1 and Exhibit 99.2) is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor will it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 3 Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this Current Report are “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements
can generally be identified by the use of words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,”
“continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should,” “would,”
“plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,”
“seek,” “future,” “outlook,” “target” and other similar expressions that predict or indicate
future events or events or trends that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity
and market share. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report, and on the current
expectations of XPDI’s and Core Scientific’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements
are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee,
an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the
control of XPDI and Core Scientific. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks
relating to mining equipment supply, the sufficiency of infrastructure, including electricity sources, the price of bitcoin, the global
hash rate, the risk that the parties may be unable to successfully or timely consummate the proposed Business Combination, including that
any regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined
company or the expected benefits of the proposed Business Combination, or that the approval of the stockholders of Core Scientific or
XPDI is not obtained, failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business Combination and those factors discussed in
XPDI’s final prospectus filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021, under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents
of XPDI filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or XPDI’s or Core Scientific’s assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional
risks that neither XPDI nor Core Scientific presently know or that XPDI and Core Scientific currently believe are immaterial that could
also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect
XPDI’s and Core Scientific’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report.
XPDI and Core Scientific anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause XPDI’s and Core Scientific’s assessments
to change. However, while XPDI and Core Scientific may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, XPDI
and Core Scientific specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing
XPDI’s and Core Scientific’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue
reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Additional Information This Current Report relates
to the proposed Business Combination between XPDI and Core Scientific. This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange,
or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
XPDI intends to file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which will include a document that serves as a joint prospectus
and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. A proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all XPDI stockholders.
XPDI will also file other documents regarding the proposed Business Combination with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors
and security holders of XPDI are urged to read the Registration Statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents
filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed Business Combination as they become available because they will
contain important information about the proposed Business Combination. Investors and security holders
will be able to obtain free copies of the Registration Statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed
or that will be filed with the SEC by XPDI through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents filed by XPDI with
the SEC also may be obtained free of charge upon written request to Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., 321 North Clark
Street, Suite 2440, Chicago, Illinois 60654. Participants in the Solicitation XPDI, Core Scientific and
their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from XPDI’s stockholders
in connection with the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors, executive officers, other members of management
and employees, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination, will be contained in XPDI’s filings with the
SEC, and such information and names of Core Scientific’s directors and executive officers will also be included in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by XPDI. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants
in the solicitation process may also be included in other relevant documents when they are filed with the SEC. 4 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits 2.1* | A greement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization , dated as of July 20, 2021, among Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., XPDI Merger Sub Inc., XPDI Merger Sub 2, LLC and Core Scientific Holding Co.
10.1 | Sponsor Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2021, among Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., XPDI Sponsor LLC and the other parties thereto
10.2* | Form of Support Agreement
99.1 | Press Release dated July 21, 2021 (Business Combination Announcement)
99.2 | Investor Presentation * | The schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). XPDI agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request. 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: July 21, 2021 | POWER & DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Patrick C. Eilers
Name: | Patrick C. Eilers
Title: | Chief Executive Officer 6