8-K Core Scientific, Inc./tx 0001839341 false NONE NONE 0001839341 2023-06-20 2023-06-20 0001839341 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-06-20 2023-06-20 0001839341 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-06-20 2023-06-20 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 20, 2023 Core Scientific, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-40046 | 86-1243837
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 210 Barton Springs Road , Suite 300 Austin , Texas | 78704
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 512 ) 402-5233 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | CORZQ | *
Warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock | CRZWQ | * Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ * | The registrant’s common stock and warrants began trading exclusively on the OTC Pink Marketplace on January 3, 2023 under the Symbols “CORZQ” and “CRZWQ,” respectively. Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure. Plan and Disclosure Statement As previously disclosed, on December 21, 2022, Core Scientific, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors”) filed voluntary petitions (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Bankruptcy Court”) seeking relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”). The Debtors continue to operate their business and manage their properties as “debtors-in-possession” under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Additional information about the Chapter 11 Cases, including access to Court documents, is available online at cases.stretto.com/CoreScientific/, a website administered by Stretto, Inc., a third-party bankruptcy claims and noticing agent. The information on this web site is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute part of, this Form 8-K. On June 20, 2023, the Debtors filed a proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Core Scientific, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (the “Proposed Plan”) and a related proposed form of Disclosure Statement (the “Proposed Disclosure Statement”) with the Bankruptcy Court. The Proposed Plan and the related Proposed Disclosure Statement describe, among other things, the Proposed Plan; the restructuring of the Debtors (the “Restructuring”); the events leading to the Chapter 11 Cases; certain events that have occurred or are anticipated to occur during the Chapter 11 Cases, including the anticipated solicitation of votes to approve the Proposed Plan from certain of the Debtors’ creditors; and certain other aspects of the Restructuring. Although the Debtors intend to pursue the Restructuring in accordance with the terms set forth in the Proposed Plan, there can be no assurance that the Proposed Plan will be approved by the Bankruptcy Court or that the Debtors will be successful in consummating the Restructuring or any other similar transaction on the terms set forth in the Proposed Plan, on different terms or at all. Bankruptcy law does not permit solicitation of acceptances of a proposed Chapter 11 plan of reorganization until the Bankruptcy Court approves a disclosure statement relating to the Proposed Plan. Accordingly, neither the Debtors’ filing of the Proposed Plan and Proposed Disclosure Statement, nor this Current Report on Form 8-K, is a solicitation of votes to accept or reject the Proposed Plan. Any such solicitation will be made pursuant to and in accordance with applicable law, including orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The Proposed Disclosure Statement is being submitted to the Bankruptcy Court for approval but has not been approved by the Bankruptcy Court to date. Information contained in the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement is subject to change, whether as a result of amendments or supplements to the Proposed Plan or Proposed Disclosure Statement, third-party actions, or otherwise, and should not be relied upon by any party. Such amendments and supplements will also be available for review and free of charge online at cases.stretto.com/CoreScientific/. Such amendments and supplements may be filed with the Bankruptcy Court without the filing of an accompanying Current Report on Form 8-K. The documents and other information available via website or elsewhere are not part of this Current Report on Form 8-K and shall not be deemed incorporated herein. Copies of the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement are attached as Exhibit 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing description of the Proposed Plan and Proposed Disclosure Statement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement. Also, in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, the Company has entered into confidentiality agreements (the “Confidentiality Agreements”), with certain stakeholders of the Company. Pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreements, the stakeholders were provided with certain confidential information regarding the Company, which includes the materials attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not reached an agreement concerning the material terms of the Restructuring with its stakeholders and the Proposed Plan is not supported by the Company’s key stakeholders. As such, the Company is continuing to engage in discussions with its key stakeholders. The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 through 99.3, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information This Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. The Company’s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and other factors, which could include the following: risks and uncertainties relating to the Company’s Chapter 11 Cases including but not limited to, the Company’s ability to obtain Bankruptcy Court approval with respect to motions in its Chapter 11 Cases, successfully enter into and implement a restructuring plan, emerge from Chapter 11 and achieve significant cash flows from operations; the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company and on the interests of various constituents, Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general, the length of time the Company will operate under the Chapter 11 Cases, risks associated with any third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company’s liquidity or results of operations and increased legal and other professional costs necessary to execute the Company’s reorganization; finalization and receipt of the replacement debtor-in-possession facility; satisfaction of any conditions to which the Company’s debtor-in-possession financing is subject and the risk that these conditions may not be satisfied for various reasons, including for reasons outside of the Company’s control; the consequences of the acceleration of the Company’s debt obligations; the trading price and volatility of the Company’s common stock and the risks related to trading on the OTC Pink Market; as well as other risk factors set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report on Form 8-K, and on the current expectations of the Company’s management. These forward-looking statements are not intended to serve, and must not be relied on by any investor, as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those identified in the Company’s reports filed with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, and if any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: Exhibit | Description
99.1 | Debtors’ Proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Core Scientific, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates, dated June 20, 2023
99.2 | Debtors’ Proposed Disclosure Statement for Debtors’ Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Core Scientific, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates, dated June 20, 2023
99.3 | Presentation
104 | Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Core Scientific, Inc.
Date: June 21, 2023 | By: | /s/ Todd M. DuChene
Name: Todd M. DuChene
Title: Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer