8-K 1 ea135455-8k_poweranddigital.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 9, 2021 Power
& Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Delaware | 001-40046 | 86-1243837
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 321 North Clark Street, Suite 2440 Chicago, IL 60654 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) (312) 262-5642 (Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | XPDIU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock included as part of the units | XPDI | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 | XPDIW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On February 9, 2021, the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252355) (the “Registration Statement”) relating to the initial public offering (the “IPO”)
of Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) was declared effective by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. On February 12, 2021 the Company consummated the IPO of 34,500,000 units (the “Units”), which
included the full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase an additional 4,500,000 Units at the initial public offering
price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Class
A Common Stock”), and one-fourth of one warrant (the “Public Warrants”), each whole Public Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The Units were sold
at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $345,000,000. Further, in connection with the IPO, the Company
entered into the following agreements previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement: ● | an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Barclays Capital Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., as representatives of the underwriters named therein, which contains customary representations and warranties and indemnification of the underwriters by the Company; ● | a Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and XPDI Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,013,333 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.50 per warrant (the “Private Placement Warrants”); ● | a Warrant Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the “Warrant Agreement”), which sets forth the expiration and exercise price of and procedure for exercising the Warrants; certain adjustment features of the terms of exercise; provisions relating to redemption and cashless exercise of the Warrants; certain registration rights of the holders of Warrants; provision for amendments to the Warrant Agreement; and indemnification of the warrant agent by the Company under the agreement; ● | an Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, which establishes the trust account that will hold the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and sets forth the responsibilities of the trustee; the procedures for withdrawal and direction of funds from the trust account; and indemnification of the trustee by the Company under the agreement; ● | a Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and among the Company and the Sponsor, certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. (each an “Anchor Investor”) and certain directors of the Company, which provides for customary demand and piggy-back registration rights for the Sponsor and Anchor Investors, and customary piggy-back registration rights for such directors, as well as certain transfer restrictions applicable to the Sponsor with respect to the Company’s securities, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, the right of the Sponsor to nominate three individuals for election to the Company’s board of directors; 1 ● | a Letter Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and each of the officers and directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Sponsor and each officer and director of the Company has agreed to vote any shares of Class A Common Stock held by him or her in favor of the Company’s initial business combination; to facilitate the liquidation and winding up of the Company if an initial business combination is not consummated within 24 months; to certain transfer restrictions with respect to the Company’s securities; and to certain indemnification obligations of the Sponsor; and pursuant to which the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor; and ● | an Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to make available office space and certain administrative and support services, as may be required by the Company from time to time, for $20,000 per month until the Company’s initial business combination or liquidation. The above descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of the applicable agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein and filed herewith as Exhibits
1.1, 10.1, 4.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.5 respectively. Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. Simultaneous with the consummation of the IPO and the issuance
and sale of the Units, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement and several securities subscription agreements
among the Company, the Sponsor and the Anchor Investors, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,266,667 Private
Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $9,400,000.50 (the “Private
Placement”). The Private Placement Warrants, which were purchased by the Sponsor and the Anchor Investors, are substantially
similar to the Public Warrants, except that if held by the Sponsor, the Anchor Investors or their respective permitted transferees,
they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to being called for redemption under certain redemption
scenarios and (iii) subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the
consummation of the Company’s initial business combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than
the Sponsor, the Anchor Investors or their respective permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company under all redemption scenarios and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private
Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by the Warrant Agreement. Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation. On February 12, 2021, the Company adopted its Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated
by reference herein. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits.
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement between the Company and Barclays Capital Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc.
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
4.1 | Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company
10.1 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and XPDI Sponsor LLC
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Account Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company
10.3 | Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement between the Company, XPDI Sponsor LLC, the Anchor Investors and certain directors of the Company
10.4 | Letter Agreement between the Company and XPDI Sponsor LLC and each of the officers and directors of the Company
10.5 | Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and XPDI Sponsor LLC 2 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: February 12, 2021 POWER & DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Patrick C. Eilers
Name: | Patrick C. Eilers
Title: | Chief Executive Officer 3