false 0001600983 0001600983 2023-12-01 2023-12-01 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 1, 2023 Knightscope, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 001-41248 | 46-2482575
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1070 Terra Bella Avenue Mountain View , California 94043 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: ( 650 ) 924-1025 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below): ¨ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share | KSCP | Nasdaq Global Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 5.02. | Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On December 1, 2023, Mallorie Burak, President and Chief Financial
Officer of Knightscope, Inc. (the “Company”) and its principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, resigned
from her positions at the Company to pursue another professional opportunity, effective as of January 10, 2024 (the “Effective Date”).
As of the Effective Date, William Santana Li, the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will, in addition to his existing
duties, re-assume the position of President of the Company. Apoorv S. Dwivedi has accepted the position of Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of January 15, 2024, or on a mutually agreed date, and is expected to be appointed
as the Company’s principal financial officer and principal accounting officer at that time. Mr. Dwivedi most recently served as
the Chief Financial Officer of Nxu, Inc. from January 2022 until his resignation in December 2023. Prior to his CFO role at Nxu, Dwivedi
served as Director of Finance for Cox Automotive from 2019 to January 2022 where he successfully ran the Manheim Logistics business. From
2018 to 2019, he was the Director of Presales within the finance solutions group at Workiva, and from 2010 to 2017 Mr. Dwivedi served
in several corporate finance roles of increasing responsibility at the General Electric Company across both the GE Capital and GE Industrial
businesses. Mr. Dwivedi began his career at ABN-AMRO, N.A. and was instrumental in building one of the first data analytics teams at Sears
Holdings Company. Mr. Dwivedi earned his Bachelors in Finance from Loyola University – Chicago and his MBA from Yale School of Management. Following his commencement of employment, Mr. Dwivedi will be entitled
to receive an annual base salary of $350,000, and will be eligible to receive an annual bonus based upon performance objectives or other
criteria as determined by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) or its Compensation Committee (the “Compensation
Committee”) in their sole discretion. Additionally, Mr. Dwivedi will be eligible to receive an initial equity award to be determined
by the Board or the Compensation Committee and additional equity awards pursuant to plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect
from time to time, as determined in the Board’s discretion. Upon a termination of Mr. Dwivedi’s termination without cause
by the Company or resignation for good reason within one year of a change in control (the “Change in Control Period”), Mr.
Dwivedi will be eligible to receive (a) a lump sum severance payment in an amount of cash equal to 1.0 times annual base salary, (b) a
single lump sum payment equal to 100% of his target bonus, (c) Company paid COBRA continuation coverage until the earlier of twelve months,
the date that coverage is resumed under similar plans, or the date that he ceases to be eligible for coverage, and (d) full vesting of
his outstanding and unvested equity awards. Upon a termination of Mr. Dwivedi’s employment without cause or his death or disability
outside a Change in Control Period, Mr. Dwivedi will be eligible to receive (a) continuing payments of severance pay of his base salary
for six months, and (b) Company paid COBRA continuation coverage until the earlier of six months, the date that coverage is resumed under
similar plans, or the date that he ceases to be eligible for coverage. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain “forward-looking
statements” about Knightscope’s future expectations, plans, outlook, projections and prospects. Such forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of words such as “should,” “may,” “intends,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “expects,” “plans,”
“proposes” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K and other communications
include, but are not limited to, statements about executive transitions and the timing thereof, and the Company’s goals, profitability,
and growth. Although Knightscope believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable
assumptions, there are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the risk that executive transitions may
have greater costs than anticipated; that executive transitions may adversely affect the Company’s internal programs and the Company’s
ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel, and may be distracting to employees and management; that executive transitions
may negatively impact the Company’s business operations and reputation with or ability to serve customers; or that executive transitions
may not generate their intended benefits to the extent or as quickly as anticipated. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider
any cautionary statements and other disclosures, including the statements made under the heading “Risk Factors” in Knightscope’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document
in which they are contained, and Knightscope does not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements, except as may be required
by law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. knightscope, INC.
Date: December 6, 2023 | By: | /s/ William Santana Li
Name: | William Santana Li
Title: | Chief Executive Officer