false 0001600983 0001600983 2024-06-27 2024-06-27 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 27, 2024 Knightscope, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 001-41248 | 46-2482575
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1070 Terra Bella Avenue Mountain View , California 94043 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: ( 650 ) 924-1025 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below): ¨ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share | KSCP | Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 7.01. | Regulation FD Disclosure. On May 15, 2024 (the
“Preferred Stock Conversion Date”), pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Knightscope, Inc.
(the “Company”), each share of the Company’s Super Voting Preferred Stock was automatically converted into fully-paid,
non-assessable shares of Class B common stock and each share of the Company’s Ordinary Preferred Stock (together with the Super
Voting Preferred Stock, the “Preferred Stock”) was automatically converted into fully-paid, non-assessable shares of Class A
common stock, in each case at the then effective applicable Conversion Rate, as a result of the receipt by the Company of a written request
for such conversion from the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Preferred Stock then outstanding (the “Automatic Conversion”).
As a result of the Automatic Conversion, there were no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding after the Preferred Stock Conversion Date.
All defined terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation. Prior to the Automatic Conversion,
the Company did not meet the minimum stockholders’ equity requirement under the Equity Standard for continued listing pursuant to
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) on The Nasdaq Capital Market, because the Company’s stockholders’ equity was below
the required minimum of $2.5 million at March 31, 2024 (the “Minimum Stockholders’ Equity Requirement”). Based on preliminary estimates, the
Company believes that due to the Automatic Conversion, it now satisfies the Minimum Stockholders’ Equity Requirement under the Equity
Standard as of the date of filing of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information contained
in Item 7.01 is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Financial Disclosure Advisory The foregoing estimate
regarding stockholders’ equity is based on preliminary unaudited information and management estimates, is not part of a
comprehensive statement of the Company’s financial results for any completed period, and is subject to completion of the
Company’s financial closing procedures. The estimate is provided for informational purposes to demonstrate the Company’s
estimated stockholders’ equity after giving effect to the Automatic Conversion only, and does not purport to represent the
Company’s actual financial condition or results of operations on the dates indicated nor does it project the Company’s
results of operations or financial condition for any future quarterly period or date. As a result,
the actual results reported by the Company in quarterly periods following the Automatic Conversion may differ materially from this
 information. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has not conducted an
audit or review of, and does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to, this preliminary estimate. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report contains
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of words such as “should,” “may,” “intends,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “expects,” “plans,”
“proposes” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report include the Company’s
preliminary estimate of its stockholders’ equity and statements regarding the Company’s beliefs regarding its compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rules. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions,
there are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such
forward-looking statements, including without limitation the risks that the Company’s actual results may differ, the risks identified
in the Financial Disclosure Advisory above, and the risk that the Company may not otherwise meet the requirements for continued listing
under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, among other risks, uncertainties, and important factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors”
in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by its other filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are contained,
and the Company does not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. knightscope, INC.
Date: June 27, 2024 | By: | /s/ William Santana Li
Name: | William Santana Li
Title: | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President