UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 20-F ☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2023 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR ☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No.: 001-37600 NANO DIMENSION LTD. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Translation of registrant’s name into
English: Not applicable State of Israel (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 2 Ilan Ramon Ness Ziona 7403635 Israel (Address of principal executive offices) Yoav Stern Chief Executive Officer +972 - 073-7509142 yoav.stern@nano-di.com 2 Ilan Ramon Ness Ziona 7403635 Israel (Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile
number and Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
American Depositary Shares each representing one Ordinary Shares par value NIS 5.00 per share (1) Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 5.00 per share (2) | NNDM | Nasdaq Capital Market
Rights to Purchase American Depository Shares, each American Depositary Share representing one Ordinary Share, par value NIS 5.00 per share | NNDM | Nasdaq Capital Market (1) | Evidenced by American Depositary Receipts. (2) | Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of the American Depositary Shares. Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Act: None Indicate the number of outstanding
shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report. 238,596,545 Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 5.00 per share, as of December 31, 2023. Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ If this report is an annual
or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☒ | Accelerated filer ☐ | Non-accelerated filer | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company
that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards † provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ The term “new or revised
financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards
Codification after April 5, 2012. Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. ☒ If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐ Indicate by check mark which
basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing. U.S. GAAP ☐ International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒ Other ☐ If “Other” has
been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to
follow. ☐ Item 17 ☐ Item 18 If this is an annual report,
indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company. Yes ☐ No ☒ TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION | iii
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | iv
PART I
ITEM 1. | IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. | 1
ITEM 2. | OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. | 1
ITEM 3. | KEY INFORMATION. | 1
A. | [Reserved] | 1
B. | Capitalization and Indebtedness. | 1
C. | Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds. | 1
D. | Risk Factors. | 1
ITEM 4. | INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY. | 20
A. | History and Development of the Company. | 20
B. | Business Overview. | 22
C. | Organizational Structure. | 30
D. | Property, Plants and Equipment. | 30
ITEM 4A. | UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 30
ITEM 5. | OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. | 31
A. | Operating Results. | 31
B. | Liquidity and Capital Resources. | 35
C. | Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc. | 37
D. | Trend Information. | 37
E. | Critical Accounting Estimates. | 37
ITEM 6. | Directors, Senior Management and Employees | 39
A. | Directors and Senior Management. | 39
B. | Compensation. | 42
C. | Board Practices. | 43
D. | Employees. | 55
E. | Share Ownership. | 55
F. | Disclosure of a Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation | 57
ITEM 7. | MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. | 58
A. | Major Shareholders. | 58
B. | Related Party Transactions. | 59
C. | Interests of Experts and Counsel. | 60
ITEM 8. | FINANCIAL INFORMATION. | 60
A. | Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information. | 60
B. | Significant Changes. | 62
ITEM 9. | THE OFFER AND LISTING. | 62
A. | Offer and Listing Details. | 62
B. | Plan of Distribution. | 62
C. | Markets. | 62
D. | Selling Shareholders. | 62
E. | Dilution. | 62
F. | Expenses of the Issue. | 62 i ITEM 10. | ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. | 63
A. | Share Capital. | 63
B. | Memorandum and Articles of Association. | 63
C. | Material Contracts. | 63
D. | Exchange Controls. | 63
E. | Taxation. | 64
F. | Dividends and Paying Agents. | 72
G. | Statement by Experts. | 72
H. | Documents on Display. | 72
I. | Subsidiary Information. | 73
J. | Annual Report to Security Holders. | 73
ITEM 11. | QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. | 73
ITEM 12. | DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. | 73
A. | Debt Securities. | 73
B. | Warrants and rights. | 73
C. | Other Securities. | 73
D. | American Depositary Shares. | 74
PART II
ITEM 13. | DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES. | 75
ITEM 14. | MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS. | 75
ITEM 15. | CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 75
ITEM 16. | [Reserved] | 76
ITEM 16A. | AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. | 76
ITEM 16B. | CODE OF ETHICS. | 76
ITEM 16C. | PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. | 76
ITEM 16D. | EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. | 77
ITEM 16E. | PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. | 77
ITEM 16F. | CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. | 7 8
ITEM 16G. | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 7 8
ITEM 16H. | MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. | 80
ITEM 16I. | DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. | 80
ITEM 16J. | INSIDER TRADING POLICIES | 80
ITEM 16K. | CYBERSECURITY | 80
PART III
ITEM 17. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 83
ITEM 18. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 83
ITEM 19. | EXHIBITS. | 83
SIGNATURES | 85 ii INTRODUCTION Our vision is to disrupt electronics and mechanical
manufacturing with an environmentally friendly and economically efficient electronics and precision additive manufacturing Industry 4.0
solution - transforming digital designs into functioning electronic and mechanical devices - on demand, anytime, anywhere. Our technology
strategy is rooted in the application of deep learning based artificial intelligence, or AI, to drive improvements in manufacturing capabilities
by using self-learning and self-improving systems, along with the management of a distributed manufacturing network via the cloud. We were incorporated under
the laws of the State of Israel in December 1960. On March 7, 2016, American Depositary Shares, or ADSs, representing our Ordinary Shares,
commenced trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol “NNDM.” Each one (1) ADS currently represents one (1) Ordinary Share. All
descriptions of our ADS herein, including ADS amounts and per ADS amounts, are presented after giving effect to the ratio change. Unless otherwise indicated,
all references to the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “Nano Dimension” refer to Nano Dimension
Ltd. and its subsidiaries, Global Inkjet Systems Ltd., or GIS, a United Kingdom corporation, Nano Dimension Technologies Ltd., or Nano
Tech, an Israeli corporation, Essemtec AG, or Essemtec and Nano Dimension Swiss GmbH, or Nano Swiss, Swiss corporations, Formatec Holding
B.V., or Formatec Holding , Admatec Europe B.V., or Admatec, and Formatec Technical Ceramics
B.V., or Formatec, Dutch corporations, Nano Dimension USA Inc., or Nano USA, a Delaware corporation, Essemtec USA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, Nano Dimension GmbH, or Nano Germany and Essemtec Deutschland GmbH, German corporations, Nano Dimension Australia Pty
Ltd., or Nano Australia, an Australian corporation, Nano Dimension (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong corporation, Essemtec France SAS, a French
corporation, Nano Dimension NY Ltd., a New York corporation, and Nano Dimension Trading (Shenzhen) Ltd., a Chinese corporation. References to “U.S.
dollars” and “$” are to currency of the United States of America, and references to “NIS” are to New Israeli
Shekel. References to “Ordinary Shares” are to our Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 5.00 per share. We report financial information
under International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB, and none
of the financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. iii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information included
or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 20-F may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements” within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws. Forward-looking statements are often characterized
by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“estimate,” “continue,” “believe,” “should,” “intend,” “project”
or other similar words, but are not the only way these statements are identified. These forward-looking statements
may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our objectives, plans and strategies, statements that contain projections
of results of operations or of financial condition, expected capital needs and expenses, statements relating to the research, development,
completion and use of our products, and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or
developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking statements on
assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Important factors that could
cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
include, among other things: ● | changes in our strategy; ● | the impact of competition and new technologies; ● | shareholder activism; ● | the overall global economic environment; ● | projected capital expenditures and liquidity; ● | litigation; and ● | those factors referred to in “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors,” “Item 4. Information on the Company,” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”, as well as in this annual report on Form 20-F generally. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made throughout this annual report on Form 20-F which are designed to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. You should not put undue
reliance on any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 20-F are made as of the date
hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, the section
of this annual report on Form 20-F entitled “Item 4. Information on the Company” contains information obtained from independent
industry sources and other sources that we have not independently verified. iv PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE Not applicable ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION A. [Reserved] B. CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS Not applicable. C. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS Not applicable. D. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider
the risks described below, together with all of the other information in this annual report on Form 20-F. The risks described below are
not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
may also materially and adversely affect our business operations. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business and financial condition
could suffer and the price of our ADSs could decline. Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements ● | We invest significant resources in research and development of our products and anticipate that we may continue to incur losses until we are able to commercialize our products at a greater scale; ● | Although we generate revenues from the sale of our current products, we may never be profitable; and ● | Our non-financial assets may lead to impairments in the future. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry ● | We have been engaged, and will continue to engage, in mergers and acquisitions to diversify or expand our business, which may pose risks to our business and dilute the ownership of our existing shareholders, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these mergers or acquisitions; ● | We may not be able to introduce products acceptable to customers and we may not be able to improve the technology used in our current systems in response to changing technology and end-user needs; ● | We depend on the commercial success of selling our advanced manufacturing products and services and we may not be able to successfully scale up their commercialization; and ● | We may not be able to successfully manage our planned growth and expansion. 1 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property ● | Lack of patent protection may hinder our market competitiveness and failure to safeguard trade secrets could enable competition to use our proprietary information; ● | Inability to maintain effective proprietary rights for our products, may affect our ability to compete effectively; and ● | Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. Risks Related to the Ownership of the ADSs or our Ordinary Shares ● | As a “foreign private issuer” we follow certain home country corporate governance practices instead of otherwise applicable SEC and Nasdaq requirements, which may result in less protection than is accorded to investors under rules applicable to domestic U.S. issuers. Risks Related to Israeli Law and Our Operations in Israel ● | As our headquarters and some of our operations are located in Israel, we could be adversely affected by the implications of political, economic and military instability in Israel; ● | Provisions of Israeli law, our amended and restated articles of association and our rights agreement may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of, our company, which could prevent a change of control, even when the terms of such a transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders; ● | Our operations are subject to currency and interest rate fluctuations; and ● | We received Israeli government grants for certain of our research and development activities. The terms of those grants may require us to pay royalties and to satisfy specified conditions in order to manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel. If we fail to satisfy these conditions, we may be required to pay penalties and refund grants previously received. General Risk Factors ● | Raising additional capital would cause dilution to holders of our securities, and may affect the rights of existing shareholders; ● | Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or breaches of our data security could adversely affect our business; ● | We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention; and ● | If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, the price and trading volume of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares could decline. 2 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and
Capital Requirements We invest significant resources in research
and development of our products and anticipate that we may continue to incur losses until we are able to commercialize our products at
a greater scale. Since the date of our inception,
and as of December 31, 2023, we have incurred net losses of approximately $591 million. Between 2014 and 2022, we
devoted a significant amount of our financial resources to develop our products and in our acquisitions. Since the beginning of 2023,
we have also devoted substantial efforts in the development of new consumables for our machines, mainly inks. We have financed our current
operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities. The amount of our future net losses and our ability to finance our operations
will depend, in part, on completing the development of our products, the rate of our future expenditures, our ability to generate significant
revenues from the sales of our products and our ability to obtain funding through the issuance of our securities, strategic collaborations
or grants. We are working on reducing our operational and other expenses; however, we anticipate that our expenses may increase substantially
if and as we: ● | continue the development of our products; ● | establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to successfully commercialize our products; ● | seek to identify, assess, license, and/or develop other products and subsequent generations of our current products; ● | seek to acquire other entities; ● | seek to maintain, protect, and expand our intellectual property portfolio; ● | seek to attract and retain skilled personnel; and ● | create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts. Although we generate revenues from the sale
of our current products, we may never be profitable. We began commercializing
our products in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability depends on our ability
to successfu lly complete the development of, and to commercialize, our products, including consumables.
Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our success in many areas, including but not limited
to: ● | completing development of our products, specifically new consumables ; ● | penetrating new geographies and markets; ● | establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate (in amount and quality) products to support market demand for our products; ● | launching and commercializing products, specifically consumables, either directly or with a collaborator or distributor; ● | addressing any competing technological and market developments; 3 ● | identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new products; ● | negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; ● | maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; and ● | attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. Our non-financial assets may lead to significant impairments in
the future. We review our cash-generating
units, or CGUs, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount of such
CGUs may not be recoverable. In those cases, an impairment to our non-financial assets, including intangible assets and property, plant
and equipment might be recognized. The amount of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment on our consolidated balance
sheet may increase following acquisitions or other collaboration agreements. Changes in market conditions or other changes in the future
outlook of value may lead to significant impairments in the future. The market price of our ADSs has been, and
may continue to be, highly volatile, and such volatility could cause the market price of our ADSs to decrease and could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment in our ADSs. During 2023, the market price
of our common stock fluctuated from a high of $3.28 per ADS to a low of $2.21 per ADS, has fluctuated even more in past years and our
share price continues to fluctuate. The market price of our ADSs may continue to fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors,
some of which are beyond our control, such as: ● | our ability to grow our revenue and customer base; ● | the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; ● | variations in our and our competitors’ results of operations; ● | successes or challenges in any future collaborative, licensing, or other arrangements or alternative funding sources; ● | developments in the additive manufacturing of electronics, additive manufacturing, surface-mount technology, industrial digital printing and printed electronics (PE) industries; ● | future issuances of ADSs or other securities; ● | the addition or departure of key personnel; ● | announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; ● | general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance; ● | the Israel-Hamas war; and ● | shareholder activism. 4 These and other market and
industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our ADSs to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our actual operating performance,
which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their ADSs and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our ADSs. In
addition, the stock market in general, and technology-based companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. In the past, when the market price
of a security has been volatile, holders of that security have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer.
If any of the holders of our ADSs were to bring such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit and
the attention of our senior management would be diverted from the operation of our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could
also subject us to significant liabilities. We maintain our cash at financial institutions,
some in balances that exceed federally insured limits. A portion of our cash is held
in accounts at U.S. banking institutions that we believe are of high quality. Cash held in non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating
accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we
could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations. The FDIC took control of one such banking institution,
Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, on March 10, 2023 though we did not lose any assets due to this event. The FDIC also took control of Signature
Bank on March 12, 2023, though we do not hold any accounts at this bank. On March 13, 2023, the U.S.
Federal Reserve announced that account holders would not bear the loss of SVB’s collapse and since that time, we have been able
to make payments and move all of the funds held in SVB to other banks in the United States. Thus, we do not view the risk as material
to our financial condition. However, as the FDIC continues to address the situation with SVB, Signature Bank and other similarly situated
banking institutions, the risk of loss in excess of insurance limitations has generally increased. Any material loss that we may experience
in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses or make other payments and may require us to
move our accounts to other banks, which could cause a temporary delay in making payments to our vendors and employees and cause other
operational inconveniences. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have
been engaged, and will continue to engage, in mergers and acquisitions to diversify or expand our business, which may pose risks to our
business and dilute the ownership of our existing shareholders, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these mergers or acquisition. As
part of our growth and product diversification strategy, we have engaged in mergers and acquisitions and will continue to evaluate opportunities
to acquire or invest in other businesses or existing businesses, intellectual property or technologies and expand the breadth of markets
we can address or enhance our technical capabilities. For example, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding share capital of DeepCube
and NanoFabrica in April 2021, all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Essemtec in November 2021, all of the issued and outstanding
share capital of GIS in January 2022, all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Formatec Holding in July 2022. In addition, we
have purchased all of the intellectual property assets of The Plastic Economy, D.B.A. Additive Flow, or Additive Flow, a U.K.-based company,
in August 2023. Mergers or acquisitions, such as the DeepCube, NanoFabrica, Essemtec, GIS, Formatec Holding share acquisitions, and the
Additive Flow asset acquisition that we have entered into and may enter into in the future entail a number of risks that could materially
and adversely affect our business, operating and financial results, including, among others: ● | problems integrating the acquired operations, technologies or products into our existing business and products; ● | diversion of management’s time and attention from our core business; ● | adverse effect on our existing business relationships with customers; ● | need for financial resources above our planned investment levels; ● | failures in realizing anticipated synergies; ● | difficulties in retaining business relationships with suppliers and customers of the acquired company; ● | risks associated with entering markets in which we lack experience; ● | risks with respect to impairment charges following acquisitions; ● | potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and ● | potential write-offs of acquired assets. Our failure to address these
risks successfully may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Any such acquisition or investment
will likely require a significant amount of capital investment, which would decrease the amount of cash available for working capital
or capital expenditures. In addition, if we use our equity securities to pay for acquisitions, the value of our ADSs and the underlying
Ordinary Shares may be diluted. If we borrow funds to finance acquisitions, such debt instruments may contain restrictive covenants that
can, among other things, restrict us from distributing dividends. 5 Additionally,
from March through May 2023, we made several non-binding offers to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Stratasys Ltd., or
Stratasys. After not proceeding with these offers to acquire all ordinary shares, we made a series of special tender offers from May through
July 2023 to acquire at least 51% of the outstanding shares, inclusive of the 14.1% that we already owned. The offers were dependent on
a number of closing conditions being met. As these conditions were not met, we did not complete the special tender offers. In December
2023, we made an additional offer to buy all remaining shares of Stratasys, which has not yet been accepted, for $16 .50 p er share. The proposal was subject to the completion of a satisfactory confirmatory due diligence
process and the negotiation and execution of a mutually satisfactory definitive acquisition agreement. There is no guarantee that the
offer will be accepted or that an acquisition will be completed. Even if it is, the acquisition may deplete our cash and our resources.
Additionally, a potential acquisition would require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention
away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. As a
part of our strategy, acquisitions are a key pillar. Our failure to invest/acquire on favorable terms and failure to realize expected
results from investments and acquisitions may adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability. As a part of our strategy
focusing on synergetic mergers and acquisitions of systems, materials, software, AI, and solutions that build up to deliver comprehensive
solutions to mutual verticals market segments, we may fail to analyze the acquired business and its potential long-term effect on the
business. Our success depends on our ability to analyze, integrate, and acquire at favorable terms. We may not be able to introduce products acceptable
to customers and we may not be able to improve the technology used in our current systems in response to changing technology and end-user
needs. The markets in which we operate
are subject to rapid and substantial innovation and technological change, mainly driven by technological advances and end-user requirements
and preferences, as well as the emergence of new standards and practices. Our ability to compete in the additive manufacturing, industrial
digital printing and electronics manufacturing markets will depend, in large part, on our future success in enhancing our existing products
and developing new additive manufacturing solutions and consumables that will address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs
of prospective end-users, and respond to technological advances and industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis
or otherwise gain market acceptance. It is possible that new systems
and technologies that we develop may supplant our existing systems or that our competitors may create highly competitive systems to ours.
As a result, our existing products may be less economically beneficial. We depend on the commercial success of selling
our advanced manufacturing products and services and we may not be able to successfully scale up their commercialization. We have invested significant
efforts and financial resources in the research and development of our products. Our performance will depend highly on our ability to
commercialize our products successfully and the degree of market acceptance of our products and solutions. We cannot assure you that our
commercialization efforts will lead to a meaningful, continued increase in sales of our products. We may not be able to successfully manage our
planned growth and expansion. We expect to continue to
make investments across our portfolio of products and services along with our go-to-market platform that engages and delivers these to
customers. Our annual operating expenses may increase as we invest in sales and marketing, research and development, manufacturing and
production infrastructure, and develop customer service and support resources for future customers. Our failure to expand operational
and financial systems timely or efficiently could result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase our costs and expenses more
than we had planned and prevent us from successfully executing our business plan. We may not be able to offset the costs of operation
expansion by leveraging the economies of scale from our growth in negotiations with our suppliers and contract manufacturers. Additionally,
if we increase our operating expenses in anticipation of the growth of our business and this growth does not meet our expectations, our
financial results will be negatively impacted. As our business grows, we
will have to manage additional product design projects, materials procurement processes, and sales efforts and marketing for an increasing
number of products, as well as expand the number and scope of our relationships with suppliers, distributors and end customers. If we
fail to manage these additional responsibilities and relationships successfully, we may incur significant costs, which may negatively
impact our operating results. Additionally, in our efforts to be first to market with new products with innovative functionality and features,
we may devote significant research and development resources to products and product features for which a market does not develop quickly,
or at all. If we are not able to predict market trends accurately, we may not benefit from such research and development activities, and
our results of operations may suffer. 6 As our future development
and commercialization plans and strategies develop further, we may need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial
and legal personnel. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities
and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of
our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, failure to
deliver and timely deliver our products to customers, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected
growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development
of additional new products. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected,
our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our operating results and financial condition
may fluctuate. Even if we are successful in introducing our products to the market,
the operating results and financial condition of our company may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year and are likely to
continue to vary due to a number of factors, many of which will not be within our control. If our operating results do not meet the information
that we provide to the marketplace or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our ADSs will likely decline.
Fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition may be due to a number of factors, including those listed below and those
identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section: ● | the degree of market acceptance of our products and services; ● | the mix of products and services that we sell during any period; ● | long sales cycles; ● | changes in the amount we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, consumables, technologies or businesses; ● | changes in the amounts that we spend to promote our products and services; ● | changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty obligations and servicing our installed base of systems; ● | delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products; ● | development of new competitive products and services by others; ● | difficulty in predicting sales patterns and reorder rates that may result from a multi-tier distribution strategy associated with new product categories; ● | litigation or threats of litigation, including intellectual property claims by third parties and shareholder claims; ● | changes in accounting rules and tax laws; ● | the geographic distribution of our sales; ● | our responses to price competition; ● | general economic and industry conditions that affect end-user demand and end-user levels of product design and manufacturing; 7 ● | changes in that affect returns on our cash balances and short-term investments; ● | changes in U.S. dollar-NIS exchange rates that affect the value of our net assets, future revenues and expenditures from and/or relating to our activities carried out in those currencies; and ● | the level of research and development activities by us. Due to all of the foregoing
factors, and the other risks discussed in this annual report on Form 20-F, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our
operating results as an indicator of our future performance. The markets in which we participate are competitive.
Our failure to compete successfully could cause any future revenues and the demand for our products not to materialize or to decline over
time. Given that we have a diverse portfolio of products, we compete for
customers with a variety of manufacturers that fabricate specialty industrial applications as well as original equipment manufacturers.
In general, these applications can be segregated into two categories. The first is high-performance electronic devices (Hi-PEDs®);
mainly printed circuit boards, or PCBs, and electronic components. The second is advanced mechanical components; mainly high precision
and sophisticated polymer, ceramic, metal, and composite applications. Our competitors usually have extensive track records and relationships
within their respective domains. With regard to our electronics businesses, our competitors are electronics design and manufacturing firms.
For our mechanical components businesses, our competitors are parts manufacturers. In both domains, there are incumbents operating traditional
technologies, as well as new entrants bringing disruptive technologies to the market. Many of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories and more extensive name recognition than we have and may also have greater financial, marketing,
manufacturing, distribution and other resources than we have. Current and future competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new
or emerging technologies and changes in end-user demands and to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their
products than we can. Our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future
products obsolete, unmarketable or less competitive (whether from a price perspective or otherwise). We cannot assure you that we will
be able to maintain a competitive position or to compete successfully against current and future sources of competition. Defects in products could give rise to product
returns or product liability, warranty or other claims that could result in material expenses, diversion of management time and attention,
and damage to our reputation. Even if we are successful
in introducing our products to the market, our products may contain undetected defects or errors that, despite testing, are not discovered
until after a product has been used. This could result in delayed market acceptance of those products, claims from distributors, end-users
or others, increased end-user service and support costs and warranty claims, damage to our reputation and business, or significant costs
to correct the defect or error. We may from time to time become subject to warranty or product liability claims that could lead to significant
expenses as we need to compensate affected end-users for costs incurred related to product quality issues. This risk of product liability
claims may also be greater due to the use of certain hazardous chemicals used in the manufacture of certain of our products. In addition,
we may be subject to claims that our additive manufacturing systems have been, or may be, used to create parts that are not in compliance
with legal requirements. Any claim brought against
us, regardless of its merit, could result in material expense, diversion of management time and attention, and damage to our reputation,
and could cause us to fail to retain or attract customers. Currently, we maintain product liability insurance. Our product liability insurance
is subject to deductibles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims.
Costs or payments made in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls or other claims could materially affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 8 If we are unable to continue to improve our
AI models or if our AI models contain errors or are otherwise ineffective, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
may be adversely affected. As we have made efforts to
take our in-house AI from DeepCube and commercialize it into a product available for external customers, our ability to attract new customers,
retain existing customers, or increase sales of our products to existing customers will to a growing extent depend on our ability to maintain
a high degree of accuracy and automation in our advanced computer vision and on our other algorithms and technologies. As with many developing
technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect our products’ further development, adoption, use, and therefore,
our business. AI algorithms may be flawed, and data sets may be insufficient, or of poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate
or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions.
If the analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential
legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. For example, if our AI models fail to accurately analyze and detect upcoming machine
failure, or any of the other components of our advanced computer vision fail, we may experience higher than forecasted returns, and our
ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or increase sales of our products to existing customers and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. It is possible that our AI models may prove to be less accurate than
we expect, or than they have been in the past, for a variety of reasons, including inaccurate assumptions or other errors made in building
or training such models, incorrect interpretations of the results of such models, and failure to timely update model assumptions and parameters.
Further, the successful performance of our AI models relies on the ability to constantly review and process large amounts of data. If
we are unable to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or increase sales of our products to existing customers, the amount
of data reviewed and processed by our AI models will be reduced or fail to grow at a pace that will allow us to continue to maintain or
improve the accuracy and efficiency of our AI models. Additionally, such models may not be able to effectively account for matters that
are inherently difficult to predict or are otherwise beyond our control, such as personal preferences that may not align with AI data.
Material errors or inaccuracies in such AI models could lead our customers, both internal and external to make inaccurate or sub-optimal
operational or strategic decisions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As the regulatory framework for AI technology
evolves, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business is increasing
its reliance on AI products. However, in recent years, use of these methods has come under increased regulatory scrutiny, and the regulatory
framework for AI technology is evolving and remains uncertain. It is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted in the United
States and in non-U.S. jurisdictions, or that existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, that would affect the operation
of our Industrial AI solutions business and the way in which we can sell AI based technologies. Specifically, such laws and regulations
may limit our ability to use our AI models or require us to make changes to our operations that may decrease our operational efficiency,
result in an increase to operating costs, or hinder our ability to improve our services. Further, the cost of complying with such laws,
rules, or regulations could be significant and would increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with AI technology-related laws, rules, and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals,
consumer rights groups, government agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and,
if found liable, pay significant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent
adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative publicity, and an erosion of trust. If any of these events were to occur, our
business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. If our relationships with suppliers for our
products and services, especially with single source suppliers of components of our products, were to terminate or our manufacturing arrangements
were to be disrupted, our business could be interrupted. We purchase component parts
and raw materials that are used in our products and services from third-party suppliers, some of whom may compete with us. While there
are several potential suppliers of most of these component parts and raw materials that we use, we currently choose to use only one or
a limited number of suppliers for several of these components and materials. Our reliance on a single or limited number of vendors involves
a number of risks, including: ● | potential shortages of some key components; ● | product performance shortfalls, if traceable to particular product components, since the supplier of the faulty component cannot readily be replaced; 9 ● | discontinuation of a product on which we rely; ● | potential insolvency of these vendors; and ● | reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capabilities, quality and costs. In addition, we require any
new supplier to become “qualified” pursuant to our internal procedures. The qualification process involves evaluations of
varying durations, which may cause production delays if we were required to qualify a new supplier unexpectedly. We generally assemble
our systems and parts based on our internal forecasts and the availability of raw materials, assemblies, components and finished goods
that are supplied to us by third parties, which are subject to various lead times. If certain suppliers were to decide to discontinue
production of an assembly, component or raw material that we use, the unanticipated change in the availability of supplies, or unanticipated
supply limitations, could cause delays in, or loss of, sales, increased production or related costs and consequently reduced margins,
and damage to our reputation. If we were unable to find a suitable supplier for a particular component, material or compound, we could
be required to modify our existing products or the end-parts that we offer to accommodate substitute components, material or compounds. Discontinuation of operations at our manufacturing
sites could prevent us from timely filling customer orders and could lead to unforeseen costs for us. We currently assemble and
test the systems that we sell, and produce consumables for our systems in two major facilities in Israel. Because of our reliance on all
of these production facilities, a disruption at any of those facilities could materially damage our ability to supply systems or consumable
materials to the marketplace in a timely manner. Depending on the cause of the disruption, we could also incur significant costs to remedy
the disruption and resume product shipments. Such disruptions may be caused by, among other factors, war, earthquakes, fire, flood and
other natural disasters. Accordingly, any such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations
and earnings, and could also potentially damage our reputation. Our international operations
expose us to additional market and operational risks, and failure to manage these risks may adversely affect our business and operating
results. We derive a substantial percentage
of our sales from international markets. Accordingly, we face significant operational risks from doing business internationally, including: ● | fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; ● | potentially longer sales and payment cycles; ● | potentially greater difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; ● | potentially adverse tax consequences; ● | reduced protection of intellectual property rights in certain countries, particularly in Asia and Latin America; ● | difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; ● | laws and business practices favoring local competition; ● | costs and difficulties of customizing products for foreign countries; ● | compliance with a wide variety of complex foreign laws, treaties and regulations; ● | an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19, which may cause us, third party vendors and manufacturers and/or customers to temporarily suspend our or their respective operations in the affected city or country; ● | tariffs, trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; ● | being subject to the laws, regulations and the court systems of many jurisdictions; and ● | general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate including those related to recent unrest and actual or potential armed conflict in Israel and other parts of the world, such as the Russia-Ukraine war. 10 Our failure to manage the
market and operational risks associated with our international operations effectively could limit the future growth of our business and
adversely affect our operating results. Under applicable employment laws, we may not
be able to enforce covenants not to compete and therefore may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise
of some of our former employees. We generally enter into non-competition
agreements with our employees. These agreements prohibit our employees from competing directly with us or working for our competitors
or clients for a limited period after they cease working for us. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions
in which our employees work and it may be difficult for us to restrict our competitors from benefiting from the expertise that our former
employees or consultants developed while working for us. For example, Israeli courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete
undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former employee will harm one of a limited number
of material interests of the employer that have been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a company’s confidential commercial
information or the protection of its intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate that such interests will be harmed, we may be unable
to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of our former employees or consultants and our ability to remain competitive
may be diminished. We are subject to environmental laws due to the import and export
of our products, which could subject us to compliance costs and/or potential liability in the event of non-compliance. The export of our products
internationally from our production facilities subjects us to environmental laws and regulations concerning the import and export of chemicals
and hazardous substances such as the U.S. Toxic Substances Control Act and the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction
of Chemical Substances. These laws and regulations require the testing and registration of some chemicals that we ship along with, or
that form a part of, our systems and other products. If we fail to comply with these or similar laws and regulations, we may be required
to make significant expenditures to reformulate the chemicals that we use in our products and materials or incur costs to register such
chemicals to gain and/or regain compliance. Additionally, we could be subject to significant fines or other civil and criminal penalties
should we not achieve such compliance. Our future success depends in part on our ability
to retain our executive officers and to attract, retain and motivate other qualified personnel. We are highly depende nt
on Yoav Stern, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors, Zivi Nedivi, our President, Tomer Pinchas, our Chief
Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Nick Geddes, our Chief Technology Officer. The loss of their services without a proper
replacement may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Messrs. Stern, Nedivi, Pinchas, and Geddes may leave our employment
at any time subject to contractual notice periods, as applicable. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees, consultants, and
advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage
of skilled personnel in our industry, which is likely to continue. As a result, competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover
rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition in the industry in which
we operate. The inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, or the loss of the services of our executive officers, without proper
replacement, may impede the progress of our development and commercialization objectives. There is no assurance that any equity or other
incentives that we grant to our employees will be adequate to attract, retain and motivate employees in the future. Moreover, certain
of our competitors or other technology businesses may seek to hire our employees. We may
not be able to integrate our acquisitions efficiently. We have acquired six businesses in the past three years. Further, we
may engage in additional acquisitions such as of Stratasys or other businesses. The management team and employees of Nano Dimension have
dedicated and will continue to dedicate effort and resources to our successful commercial and technological integration of the acquired
companies. An ineffective integration may affect our revenue forecasts and profitability. 11 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Lack of patent protection may hinder our market
competitiveness and failure to safeguard trade secrets could enable competition to use our proprietary information. Since October 2014, we have sought to protect certain of our products,
systems, designs and applications with various intellectual property protection tools such as patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyright
protection. Our continued success depends in large part on our ability to obtain, maintain, monitor and enforce patent and other intellectual
property protection in the United States and in other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and new products. We have sought to protect our proprietary position and sustain our
competitive advantage by filing patent applications in the United States and in other countries, including where our production and sales
take place, and in those countries where our suppliers and main competitors are. Patent prosecution in the United States and the rest
of the world is uncertain, expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent
applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research
and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. We have a substantial and growing intellectual property portfolio,
including over 100 patents issued worldwide and nearly 200 pending applications. Filed through the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or
USPTO, World Intellectual Property Organization, or WIPO, and other global patent offices, these patents cover various regions including
China, Japan, Taiwan, Europe, and South Korea. While some patents have already been issued, uncertainties remain regarding pending applications’
issuance, protection scope, and potential challenges from third parties, impacting commercialization prospects. Any successful opposition
to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us after patent issuance could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful
commercialization of any new products that we may develop. Furthermore, there is no guarantee of discovering all relevant prior
art, which could invalidate patents. Even if patents are issued, challenges from third parties may lead to narrowing, unenforceability,
or invalidation. Patents might not sufficiently protect intellectual property, affecting competition and business adversely. Our ability
to compete effectively depends on maintaining effective patent rights for our products, failure of which could result in our inability
to compete effectively, thereby potentially harming our business and results of operations. Inability to maintain effective proprietary
rights for our products, may affect our ability to compete effectively. Apart from patents, we also
rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect certain non-patentable proprietary know-how, processes, and devices. However,
trade secret protection can be challenging. We employ confidentiality agreements and other security measures to safeguard our technology
and data. Nevertheless, breaches or independent discoveries by competitors may potentially impact our intellectual property rights and
consequently our business integrity. We cannot guarantee protection against disclosure or competitors’ access to our trade secrets.
Unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation could harm our competitiveness and business, while inadequate protection measures may limit
recourse against third-party misappropriation, affecting our trade secrets’ security. Agreements or security measures may be breached,
and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets and intellectual property may otherwise become known
or be independently discovered by competitors. We cannot provide any assurances that our trade secrets and other confidential
proprietary information will not be disclosed in violation of our confidentiality agreements. Third-party intellectual property rights
may hinder our product commercialization, necessitating litigation or licensing, potentially costly or unattainable on reasonable terms.
Likewise, identifying all relevant third-party patents or applications is challenging, compounded by U.S. confidentiality rules and publication
delays worldwide. Others may have filed patents covering our technology without our knowledge, while amendments to published applications
could adversely affect us. Third parties may assert infringement claims, leading to costly litigation, delays, or product redesigns. Claims’
settlement may be uncertain, while failure could result in prolonged, expensive legal battles preventing commercialization of our products. Moreover, freedom to operate may be challenging to ensure without infringing
on third-party rights, potentially affecting our competitive position. Should third-party patents cover our products, litigation or licensing
may be necessary for further development. Uncertainty exists regarding potential infringement claims, which could lead to significant
damages, product abandonment, or costly licensing agreements. Availability of licenses on reasonable terms is also uncertain. Third-party claims of intellectual property
infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. It is inherently difficult to conclusively assess our freedom to operate
without infringing on third party rights. Our competitive position may be adversely affected if existing patents or patents resulting
from patent applications issued to third parties or other third-party intellectual property rights are held to cover our products or elements
thereof, or our manufacturing or uses relevant to our development plans. In such cases, we may not be in a position to develop or commercialize
products or our product candidates unless we successfully pursue litigation to nullify or invalidate the third-party intellectual property
right concerned, or enter into a license agreement with the intellectual property right holder, if available on commercially reasonable
terms. There may also be pending patent applications that if they result in issued patents, could be alleged to be infringed by our new
products. If such an infringement claim should be brought and be successful, we may be required to pay substantial damages, be forced
to abandon our new products or seek a license from any patent holders. No assurances can be given that a license will be available on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 12 Any third-party patents held by a competent court to cover aspects
of our formulations, processes or designs, or methods of use, may enable the holders of any such patents to block our ability to develop
and commercialize product candidates unless we obtain a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be invalid or
unenforceable. Regardless, such a license may not be available at all. In addition, third parties’ claims against us may secure
injunctions, halting product development. Defending these claims, regardless of merit, is costly and diverts resources. Successful infringement
claims could lead to substantial damages, royalties, product redesign, or challenging licensing agreements. Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable
relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our products. Defense of these claims,
regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from
our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble
damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses
from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Patent policy and rule changes could increase
the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of any issued patents. Changes in patent laws or their interpretations, in the U.S. and globally,
might affect the scope of our patents. Foreign laws may offer less protection. Scientific discoveries are often published after patent
filings, making it uncertain if we were first to claim these. Changes in patent application procedures could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition and could further heighten uncertainties and costs, impacting our business and finances. We may be involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. Competitors might infringe our intellectual property. If we pursue
legal action, they could counterclaim patent invalidity or unenforceability, common in U.S. patent litigation. Challenges could include
lack of novelty or lack of inventive step. Post-grant proceedings add further uncertainty to patent validity, making legal outcomes unpredictable.
Likewise, derivation proceedings, initiated by third parties or us, may resolve invention priority or patent scope disputes not in our
favor, which may halt technology use, require costly licensing and harm business, diverting resources and funds from research and development
partnerships. Furthermore, intellectual property litigation entails extensive discovery, risking disclosure of confidential information.
Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our
management and other employees. Public announcements of proceedings’ results could negatively affect our share price if perceived
unfavorably by securities analysts and/or investors, and could have a material adverse effect on the price of our Ordinary Shares. We are exposed to intellectual property risks
from current and former employees and/or collaborators. We have experienced past litigation disputes over intellectual property
ownership, including a 2015 claim in Tel Aviv alleging misappropriation by our officers and employees from a previous employer. While
settled without major business impact, we employ individuals that came from competitors, necessitating safeguards against inadvertent
use of others’ proprietary information. Litigation defense against such claims, successful or not, entails substantial costs and
management distractions. Additionally, we may face claims from former employees or collaborators asserting rights to compensation or ownership
in our patents or intellectual property. Disputes may arise over conflicting obligations, requiring litigation; the failure to defend
that could result in loss of intellectual property rights. Successful defense, while costly, could still distract management and employees. We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. Securing and protecting
patents globally for our products and processes is financially daunting. Intellectual property rights in some countries are less stringent
than in the U.S., allowing competitors to exploit our technologies. Competing products developed or exported in jurisdictions with weaker
enforcement may undermine our market position despite future patent efforts. Protecting intellectual property rights abroad can be challenging,
especially in jurisdictions where legal systems are less favorable to enforcement. This difficulty may allow competitors to market products
infringing on our rights. Enforcing patents overseas can incur significant costs and divert resources. Moreover, such proceedings could
risk invalidating or narrowing future patents, potentially inviting counterclaims. Overall, our efforts to safeguard intellectual property
globally may not yield substantial commercial advantage. Risks Related to the Ownership of the ADSs
or our Ordinary Shares We do not anticipate paying any dividends, except as related to the
repurchase of our Ordinary Shares as provided under the Companies Law. In accordance with the provisions of the Israeli Companies Law 5759-1999,
or the Companies Law, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, repurchase of shares is considered a dividend distribution. Except as
detailed in Item 16E below, in relation to the repurchase of our Ordinary Shares, no dividends have been paid on our Ordinary Shares.
We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares in the foreseeable future, and anticipate that profits, if any, received
from operations will be reinvested in our business. Any decision to pay dividends will depend upon our profitability at the time, cash
available and other relevant factors including, without limitation, the conditions set forth in the Companies Law. 13 As a “foreign private issuer”
we follow certain home country corporate governance practices instead of otherwise applicable SEC and Nasdaq requirements, which may
result in less protection than is accorded to investors under rules applicable to domestic U.S. issuers. Our status as a foreign private issuer also exempts us from compliance
with certain SEC laws and regulations and certain regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, including the proxy rules, the short-swing profits
recapture rules, and certain governance requirements such as independent director oversight of the nomination of directors and executive
compensation. In addition, we will not be required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, to file
current reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. domestic companies whose securities are registered
under the Exchange Act and we will generally be exempt from filing quarterly reports with the SEC. Also, although the Companies Law, requires
us to disclose the annual compensation of our five most highly compensated senior office holders on an individual basis, this disclosure
is not as extensive as that required of a U.S. domestic issuer. For example, the disclosure required under Israeli law would be limited
to compensation paid in the immediately preceding year without any requirement to disclose option exercises and vested stock options,
pension benefits or potential payments upon termination or a change of control. Furthermore, as a foreign private issuer, we are also
not subject to the requirements of Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure) promulgated under the Exchange Act. These exemptions and leniencies
will reduce the frequency and scope of information and protections to which you are entitled as an investor. We may be a “passive foreign investment
company”, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes in 2023 or in any subsequent taxable year. There generally would be adverse
tax consequences for U.S. taxpayers that are holders of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares if we are or were to become a PFIC. Based on the projected composition of our income and valuation of our
assets, we believe that we may be a PFIC for 2023, although we do not intend to conduct an analysis to obtain assurance of this. The determination
of whether we are a PFIC is made on an annual basis and will depend on the composition of our income and assets from time to time. We
will be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in any taxable year in which either (1) at least 75% of our gross income
is “passive income” or (2) on average at least 50% of our assets by value produce passive income or are held for the production
of passive income. Passive income for this purpose generally includes, among other things, certain dividends, interest, royalties, rents
and gains from commodities and securities transactions and from the sale or exchange of property that gives rise to passive income. Passive
income also includes amounts derived by reason of the temporary investment of funds, including those raised in a public offering. In determining
whether a non-U.S. corporation is a PFIC, a proportionate share of the income and assets of each corporation in which it owns, directly
or indirectly, at least a 25% interest (by value) is taken into account. The tests for determining PFIC status are applied annually, and
it is difficult to make accurate projections of future income and assets which are relevant to this determination. In addition, our PFIC
status may depend in part on the market value of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares. Accordingly, because we do not intend to conduct an analysis
to confirm our PFIC status, there can be no assurance that we currently are not or will not become a PFIC in the future. If we are a PFIC
in any taxable year during which a U.S. taxpayer holds our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, such U.S. taxpayer would be subject to certain adverse
U.S. federal income tax rules. In particular, if the U.S. taxpayer did not make an election to treat us as a “qualified electing
fund,” or QEF, or make a “mark-to-market” election, then “excess distributions” to the U.S. taxpayer, and
any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares by the U.S. taxpayer: (1) would be allocated ratably
over the U.S. taxpayer’s holding period for the ADSs or Ordinary Shares; (2) the amount allocated to the current taxable year and
any period prior to the first day of the first taxable year in which we were a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income; and (3) the amount
allocated to each of the other taxable years would be subject to tax at the highest rate of tax in effect for the applicable class of
taxpayer for that year, and an interest charge for the deemed deferral benefit would be imposed with respect to the resulting tax attributable
to each such other taxable year. In addition, if the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, determines that we are a PFIC with respect
to a certain year, it may be too late for a U.S. taxpayer to make a timely QEF or mark-to-market election. U.S. taxpayers that have held
our ADSs or Ordinary Shares during a period when we were a PFIC will be subject to the foregoing rules, even if we cease to be a PFIC
in subsequent years, subject to exceptions for U.S. taxpayer who made a timely QEF or mark-to-market election. A U.S. taxpayer can make
a QEF election by completing the relevant portions of and filing IRS Form 8621 in accordance with the instructions thereto. We do not
intend to notify U.S. taxpayers that hold our ADSs or Ordinary Shares if we believe we will be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year
in order to enable U.S. taxpayers to consider whether to make a QEF election. In addition, we do not intend to furnish such U.S. taxpayers
annually with information needed in order to complete IRS Form 8621 and to make and maintain a valid QEF election for any year in which
we or any of our subsidiaries are a PFIC. U.S. taxpayers that hold our ADSs or Ordinary Shares are strongly urged to consult their tax
advisors about the PFIC rules, including tax return filing requirements and the eligibility, manner, and consequences to them of making
a QEF or mark-to-market election with respect to our ADSs or Ordinary Shares in the event that we are a PFIC. See “Item 10.E. Taxation
— U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign Investment Companies” for additional information. 14 ADSs holders may not be entitled to a jury
trial with respect to claims arising under the deposit agreement, which could result in less favorable results to the plaintiff(s) in
any such action. The deposit agreement governing
the ADSs representing our Ordinary Shares provides that holders and beneficial owners of ADSs irrevocably waive the right to a trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the deposit agreement or the ADSs, including claims under federal securities
laws, against us or the depositary to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. If this jury trial waiver provision is prohibited
by applicable law, an action could nevertheless proceed under the terms of the deposit agreement with a jury trial. To our knowledge,
the enforceability of a jury trial waiver under the federal securities laws has not been finally adjudicated by a federal court. However,
we believe that a jury trial waiver provision is generally enforceable under the laws of the State of New York, which govern the deposit
agreement, by a court of the State of New York or a federal court, which have non-exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising under the
deposit agreement, applying such law. In determining whether to enforce a jury trial waiver provision, New York courts and federal courts
will consider whether the visibility of the jury trial waiver provision within the agreement is sufficiently prominent such that a party
has knowingly waived any right to trial by jury. We believe that this is the case with respect to the deposit agreement and the ADSs.
In addition, New York courts will not enforce a jury trial waiver provision in order to bar a viable setoff or counterclaim sounding
in fraud or one which is based upon a creditor’s negligence in failing to liquidate collateral upon a guarantor’s demand,
or in the case of an intentional tort claim (as opposed to a contract dispute), none of which we believe are applicable in the case of
the deposit agreement or the ADSs. No condition, stipulation or provision of the deposit agreement or ADSs serves as a waiver by any
holder or beneficial owner of ADSs or by us or the depositary of compliance with any provision of the federal securities laws. If you
or any other holder or beneficial owner of ADSs brings a claim against us or the depositary in connection with matters arising under
the deposit agreement or the ADSs, you or such other holder or beneficial owner may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to such
claims, which may have the effect of limiting and discouraging lawsuits against us and / or the depositary. If a lawsuit is brought against
us and / or the depositary under the deposit agreement, it may be heard only by a judge or justice of the applicable trial court, which
would be conducted according to different civil procedures and may result in different results than a trial by jury would have had, including
results that could be less favorable to the plaintiff(s) in any such action, depending on, among other things, the nature of the claims,
the judge or justice hearing such claims, and the venue of the hearing. ADS holders may not have the same voting rights
as the holders of our Ordinary Shares and may not receive voting materials in time to be able to exercise the right to vote. Holders of the ADSs are
not able to exercise voting rights attaching to the Ordinary Shares underlying the ADSs on an individual basis. Instead, holders of the
ADSs will only be able to exercise the voting rights attaching to the Ordinary Shares represented by ADSs indirectly by giving voting
instructions to the depositary in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the deposit agreement. Holders of ADSs may not receive
voting materials in time to instruct the depositary to vote, and it is possible that they, or persons who hold their ADSs through brokers,
dealers or other third parties, will not have the opportunity to exercise a right to vote. Furthermore, the depositary will not be liable
for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As
a result, you may not be able to exercise voting rights and may lack recourse if your ADSs are not voted as requested. Holders of ADSs are not treated as shareholders of our Company. Holders of ADSs are not treated as shareholders of our Company unless
they withdraw the Ordinary Shares underlying the ADSs from Bank of New York Mellon, as depositary, which holds the Ordinary Shares underlying
the ADSs. Holders of ADSs therefore do not have any rights as shareholders of our Company, other than the rights that they have pursuant
to the deposit agreement with the depositary. For example, in your capacity as ADS holder, you will not be able to bring a derivative
action, examine certain records of the Company or exercise appraisal rights. ADS holders may be subject to limitations
on transfer of their ADSs. ADSs are transferable on
the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient
in connection with the performance of its duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of
ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to
do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, or
for any other reason in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. ADS holders may not receive the same distributions
or dividends as those we make to the holders of our Ordinary Shares, and, in some limited circumstances, they may not receive dividends
or other distributions on our Ordinary Shares and they may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or impractical to make them
available to ADS holders. The depositary for the ADSs
has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on our Ordinary Shares or other deposited
securities underlying the ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number
of Ordinary Shares your ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to
make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if
it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, but that are
not properly registered or distributed under an applicable exemption from registration. In addition, conversion into U.S. dollars from
foreign currency that was part of a dividend or distribution made in respect of deposited Ordinary Shares may require the approval or
license of, or a filing with, a government or an agency thereof, which may be unobtainable. In these cases, the depositary may determine
not to distribute such property and hold it as “deposited securities” or may seek to effect a substitute dividend or distribution,
including net cash proceeds from the sale of the dividends or distributions in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. We
have no obligation to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, Ordinary Shares, rights or other securities received through such
distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADSs, Ordinary Shares, rights or anything
else to holders of ADSs. In addition, the depositary may withhold from such dividends or distributions its fees and an amount on account
of taxes or other governmental charges. This means that you may not receive the same distributions or dividends as those we make to the
holders of our Ordinary Shares, and, in some limited circumstances, you may not receive any value for such distributions or dividends
if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you. These restrictions may cause a material decline in the value of
the ADSs. 15 Risks Related to Israeli Law and Our Operations
in Israel As our headquarters and some of our operations are located in Israel,
we may be adversely affected by the implications of political, economic and military instability in Israel. Our executive offices are located in Israel. In addition, most of our
officers and directors are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the surrounding
region may directly affect our business. Any armed conflicts, political instability, terrorism, cyberattacks or any other hostilities
involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners could affect adversely our
operations. Ongoing and revived hostilities in the Middle East or other Israeli political or economic factors, could harm our operations
and product development and cause any future sales to decrease. On October 7, 2023, Hamas
terrorists infiltrated Israel’s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets.
Hamas also launched extensive rocket attacks on Israeli population and industrial centers located along Israel’s border with the
Gaza Strip and in other areas within the State of Israel. These attacks resulted in extensive deaths, injuries and kidnapping of civilians
and soldiers. Following the attack, Israel’s security cabinet declared war against Hamas and a military campaign against these terrorist
organizations commenced in parallel to their continued rocket and terror attacks. The intensity and duration
of Israel’s current war is difficult to predict, as are such war’s implications on our business and operations. On October
7, 2023, the Company’s warehouse located in the south of Israel suffered physical damage due to a direct missile hit. While said
damage did not affect our supply chains, the ongoing war may create supply and demand irregularities in Israel’s economy in general
or lead to macroeconomic indications of a deterioration of Israel’s economic standing, which may have a material adverse effect
on us and our ability to effectively conduct our operations. In connection with the Israeli security cabinet’s declaration
of war against Hamas and possible or currently occurring hostilities with other state or non-state actors, several hundred thousand of
Israeli military reservists were drafted to perform military service. 29 of our 450 employees, none of whom are members of our management,
have been called to active military duty since October 7, 2023. Some of these employees have since returned, but there can be no assurance
that they will not be called to military service in the future. Five employees are still in active military duty as of March 15, 2024.
In addition, we rely on service providers located in Israel and their employees may be called for service in the current or future wars
or other armed conflicts with Hamas and such persons may be absent from their positions for a period of time. As of March 15, 2024,
any impact as a result of the number of absences of our personnel and personnel at our service providers or counterparties located in
Israel has been manageable. However, military service call ups that result in absences of personnel from our service providers or contractual
counterparties in Israel may disrupt our operations and absences for an extended period of time may materially and adversely affect our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Following the attack by Hamas
on Israel’s southern border, Hezbollah in Lebanon has also launched missile, rocket, and shooting attacks against Israeli military
sites, troops, and Israeli towns in northern Israel. In response to these attacks, the Israeli army has carried out a number of targeted
strikes on sites belonging to Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. It is possible that other terrorist organizations, including Palestinian
military organizations in the West Bank or the Houthis in Yemen, as well as other hostile countries, such as Iran, will join the hostilities.
Such hostilities may include terror and missile attacks. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade
between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations. Our commercial insurance does
not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently covers
the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, and although we received compensation from
the Israeli government for damages our warehouse suffered due to a direct missile hit related to the current war, we cannot assure that
this government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damage incurred by
us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively
affect business conditions and could harm our results of operations. Further, in the past, the
State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business with the State
of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial
condition or the expansion of our business. A campaign of boycotts, divestment and sanctions has been undertaken against Israel, which
could also adversely impact our business. 16 Prior to the Hamas attack in October 2023, the Israeli government pursued
extensive changes to Israel’s judicial system. In response to the foregoing developments, individuals, organizations and institutions,
both within and outside of Israel, have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively impact the business environment in Israel
including due to reluctance of foreign investors to invest or conduct business in Israel, as well as to increased currency fluctuations,
downgrades in credit rating, increased interest rates, increased volatility in securities markets, and other changes in macroeconomic
conditions. The risk of such negative developments has increased, and in some cases has been realized, in light of the recent Hamas attacks
and the war against Hamas declared by Israel, regardless of the proposed changes to the judicial system and the related debate. To the
extent that any of these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and
our ability to raise additional funds, if deemed necessary by our management and board of directors. Provisions of Israeli law, our amended and
restated articles of association and our rights agreement may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of,
our company, which could prevent a change of control, even when the terms of such a transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders. Provisions of Israeli law, our amended and restated articles of association
and our rights agreement could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and may make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire us or our shareholders to elect different individuals to our board of directors, even if doing so would be considered
to be beneficial by some of our shareholders, and may limit the price that investors may be willing to pay in the future for our Ordinary
Shares or ADSs. Among other things: ● | Israeli corporate law regulates mergers and requires that a tender offer be effected when more than a specified percentage of shares in a company are purchased; ● | Israeli corporate law does not provide for shareholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all shareholder actions to be taken at a general meeting of shareholders; ● | our amended and restated articles of association divide our directors into three classes, each of which is elected once every three years; ● | our amended and restated articles of association require a vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding Ordinary Shares entitled to vote present and voting on the matter at a general meeting of shareholders (referred to as simple majority), and the amendment of a limited number of provisions, such as the provision dividing our directors into three classes, requires a vote of the holders of 70% of our outstanding Ordinary Shares entitled to vote at a general meeting; and ● | our amended and restated articles of association provide that director vacancies may be filled by our board of directors. In January 2024, we entered into a rights agreement, or the Rights
Plan, with the intention to protect the long-term interests of our ADS holders and enable them to realize the full potential value of
their investment in the Company. The Rights Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that any entity, person or group would gain control
of, or significant influence over our Company. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, we issued one special purchase right for every one ADS outstanding
at the close of business on February 5, 2024. Each right allows its holder to purchase from us one-half (0.5) of one ADS, at a purchase
price of $0.01 per ADS, once the rights become exercisable. The rights would become exercisable only if an entity, person or group acquires
beneficial ownership of 10% or more of our outstanding Ordinary Shares in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. The rights
will expire on January 25, 2025. For more information about the Rights Plan, see exhibit 2.2 filed with this annual report on Form 20-F. Further, Israeli tax considerations may make potential transactions
undesirable to us or to some of our shareholders whose country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel granting tax relief
to such shareholders from Israeli tax. With respect to mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain circumstances but makes
the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of numerous conditions, including a holding period of two years from the date of the transaction
during which certain sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are restricted. See “Item 10.E. Taxation—Israeli
Tax Considerations and Government Programs” for additional information. Our operations are subject to currency and interest rate fluctuations. We incur expenses in U.S.
dollars and NIS, but our functional currency is the U.S. dollar and our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. The U.S.
dollar is the currency that represents the principal economic environment in which we operate. As a result, we are affected by foreign
currency exchange fluctuations through both translation risk and transaction risk. As a result, we are exposed to the risk that the U.S.
dollar may appreciate relative to the NIS, or, if the U.S. dollar instead devalues relative to the NIS, that the inflation rate in Israel
may exceed such rate of devaluation of the NIS, or that the timing of such devaluation may lag behind inflation in Israel. In any such
event, the NIS cost of our operations in Israel would increase and our dollar-denominated results of operations would be adversely affected. We received Israeli government grants for
certain of our research and development activities. The terms of those grants may require us to pay royalties and to satisfy specified
conditions in order to manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel. If we fail to satisfy these conditions, we may
be required to pay penalties and refund grants previously received. Our research and development efforts have been financed in part through
royalty-bearing grants in an aggregate amount of approximately $3,843,000 that we received from Israel’s Innovation Authority, or
the IIA, as of March 15, 2024. As of December 31, 2023 our contingent liabilities regarding IIA grants received by us were in an
aggregate amount of $1,986,000. With respect to the royalty-bearing grants we are committed to pay royalties at a rate of 3% to 3.5% on
sales proceeds from our products that were developed under IIA programs up to the total amount of grants received, linked to the U.S.
dollar and bear interest. Until October 25, 2023, the interest was calculated at a rate based on 12-month London Interbank Offered Rate,
or LIBOR, applicable to U.S. dollar deposits. However, on October 25, 2023, the IIA published a directive concerning changes in royalties
to address the expiration of the LIBOR. Under such directive, regarding IIA grants approved by the IIA prior to January 1, 2024 but which
are outstanding thereafter, as of January 1, 2024 the annual interest is calculated at a rate based on 12-month Secured Overnight Financing
Rate, or SOFR, or at an alternative rate published by the Bank of Israel plus 0.71513%; and, for grants approved on or following January
1, 2024 the annual interest shall be the higher of (i) the 12 months SOFR interest rate, plus 1%, or (ii) a fixed annual interest rate
of 4%. 17 Regardless of any royalty payment, we are further required to comply
with the requirements of the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development Law, 5744-1984, as amended, and related regulations,
or the Research Law, with respect to those past grants. When a company develops know-how, technology or products using IIA grants, the
terms of these grants and the Research Law restrict the transfer of such know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or manufacturing
rights of such products, technologies or know-how outside of Israel, without the prior approval of the IIA. Therefore, the discretionary
approval of an IIA committee would be required for any transfer to third parties inside or outside of Israel of know-how or manufacturing
or manufacturing rights related to those aspects of such technologies. We may not receive those approvals. Furthermore, the IIA may impose
certain conditions on any arrangement under which it permits us to transfer technology or development out of Israel. The transfer of IIA-supported
technology or know-how outside of Israel may involve the payment of significant amounts, depending upon the value of the transferred technology
or know-how, our research and development expenses, the amount of IIA support, the time of completion of the IIA-supported research project
and other factors. These restrictions and requirements for payment may impair our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our technology
assets outside of Israel or to outsource or transfer development or manufacturing activities with respect to any product or technology
outside of Israel. Furthermore, the consideration available to our shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel
of technology or know-how developed with IIA funding (such as a merger or similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are
required to pay to the IIA. Inflation could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. While inflation in the United
States and global markets was relatively low before 2020, during 2021 and 2022, the economy in the United States and global markets encountered
a material increase in the level of inflation. The impact of geopolitical developments such as the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts
and global supply chain disruptions continue to increase uncertainty in the outlook of near-term and long-term economic activity, including
whether inflation will continue and how long, and at what rate. Increases in inflation raise our costs for commodities, labor, materials
and services and other costs required to grow and operate our business, and failure to secure these on reasonable terms may adversely
impact our financial condition. Additionally, increases in inflation, along with the uncertainties surrounding geopolitical developments
and global supply chain disruptions, have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the
interest rate environment, which may make it more difficult, costly or dilutive for us to secure additional financing. A failure to adequately
respond to these risks could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. It may be difficult to enforce a judgment
of a United States court against us and our officers and directors in Israel or the United States, to assert United States securities
laws claims in Israel or to serve process on our officers and directors and these experts. We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel. Service
of process upon us and upon our directors and officers, a substantial majority of whom reside outside of the United States, may be difficult
to obtain within the United States. Furthermore, because the majority of our assets and a substantial number of our directors and officers
are located outside of the United States, a judgment obtained against us, or any of these persons, including a judgment based on the civil
liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not be enforced by an Israeli
court. It also may be difficult for you to effect service of process on these persons in the United States or to assert U.S. securities
law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Additionally, it may be difficult for an investor, or any other person or entity,
to initiate an action with respect to U.S. securities laws in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation
of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israeli court is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. In addition, even
if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law
is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proven as a fact by expert witnesses, which can be a time-consuming,
and costly process. Certain matters of the procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. There is little binding case law in Israel
that addresses the matters described above. Additionally, Israeli courts might not enforce judgments rendered outside Israel, which may
make it difficult to collect on judgments rendered against us or our non-U.S. officers and directors. Moreover, an Israeli court will
not enforce a non-Israeli judgment if it was given in a state whose laws do not provide for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts
(subject to exceptional cases), if its enforcement is likely to prejudice the sovereignty or security of the State of Israel, if it was
obtained by fraud or in the absence of due process, if it is at variance with another valid judgment that was given in the same matter
between the same parties, or if a suit in the same matter between the same parties was pending before a court or tribunal in Israel at
the time the foreign action was brought. As a result of the difficulty associated with enforcing a judgment against us in Israel, you
may not be able to collect any damages awarded by either a U.S. or foreign court. Your rights and responsibilities as a shareholder
will be governed by Israeli law, which differs in some material respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S.
companies. We are incorporated under
Israeli law. The rights and responsibilities of holders of our Ordinary Shares are governed by our amended and restated articles of association
and the Companies Law. These rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders
in typical U.S. corporations. In particular, pursuant to the Companies Law, each shareholder of an Israeli company has to act in good
faith and in a customary manner in exercising his or her rights and fulfilling his or her obligations toward the Company and other shareholders
and to refrain from abusing his or her power in the Company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting of shareholders,
on amendments to a company’s articles of association, increases in a company’s authorized share capital, mergers and certain
transactions requiring shareholders’ approval under the Companies Law. In addition, a controlling shareholder of an Israeli company
or a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine the outcome of a shareholder vote or who has the power to appoint
or prevent the appointment of a director or officer in the Company, or has other powers toward the Company has a duty of fairness toward
the Company. However, Israeli law does not define the substance of this duty of fairness. There is little case law available to assist
in understanding the implications of these provisions that govern shareholder behavior. 18 General Risk Factors Raising additional capital would cause dilution
to holders of our securities, and may affect the rights of existing shareholders and ADS holders. We may seek additional capital
through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financing and collaborations and strategic and licensing arrangements.
To the extent that we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest
will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of our ADSs. Significant disruptions of our information
technology systems or breaches of our data security could adversely affect our business. A significant invasion, interruption, destruction or breakdown of our
information technology systems and/or infrastructure by persons with authorized or unauthorized access could negatively impact our business
and operations. We could also experience business interruption, information theft and/or reputational damage from cyber-attacks, which
may compromise our systems and lead to data leakage either internally or at our third-party providers. Our systems have been, and are
expected to continue to be, the target of malware and other cyber-attacks. Although we have invested in measures to reduce these risks,
we cannot assure you that these measures will be successful in preventing compromise and/or disruption of our information technology systems
and related data. We may be subject to securities litigation,
which is expensive and could divert management attention. In the past, companies that
have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s
attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant
liabilities. Additionally, we have invested substantial resources, both financial
and management attention, in litigating claims filed by our activist shareholder, Murchinson Ltd. For more information on the lawsuits,
please see “Item 8.A – Legal Proceedings.” Our management devotes attention and resources to these claims, and any adverse
determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. If securities or industry analysts do not
publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations
or publish negative reports regarding our business or our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, the price and trading volume of our ADSs or Ordinary
Shares could decline. The trading market for our
ADSs or Ordinary Shares will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our
business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and we cannot provide any assurance that analysts
will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding
our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our ADSs or Ordinary
Shares would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports
on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price or trading volume of our ADSs or Ordinary
Shares to decline. 19 ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY A. History and Development of the Company Our legal and commercial
name is Nano Dimension Ltd. We were incorporated in the State of Israel in December 1960, and are subject to the Companies Law. In August
2014, we acquired 100% of the share capital of Nano Tech. Nano Tech was incorporated in the State of Israel in July 2012. From 2012 until 2021, we operated solely as a
3D printing company focused on designing and manufacturing systems used in the fabrication of electronics. During this time, we leveraged
our expertise in printing two materials in the same system to product PCBs and electronic devices. Starting in April 2021, we commenced a mergers and acquisitions program,
which continues to this day, that has resulted in a number of transformative transactions that have changed the Company considerably.
On April 23, 2021, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding share capital of DeepCube. DeepCube technology applies numerous patented
breakthrough algorithms to improve data analysis and deployments of advanced Deep Learning-based artificial intelligence systems. The
machine learning application includes faster and more accurate training of deep learning models, and drastically improves inference performance
and real-time metrics. Its proprietary framework can be deployed on top of any hardware, especially fitting edge devices and real-time
applications. DeepCube’s artificial intelligence / machine learning / deep learning solutions demonstrate 10 times speed improvements
and memory reduction, allowing efficient deployment of deep leaning models on edge devices and for real-time applications. In September
2022, DeepCube was merged with Nano Tech. On April 26, 2021, we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding share capital of NanoFabrica. NanoFabrica is a prominent player in the field of precision digital manufacturing.
Its industrial additive manufacturing systems have an unprecedented micron-resolution with ultra-fine features, details, accuracy, and
precision – enabled by the innovative micro adaptive projection technology. NanoFabrica brings the power of additive manufacturing
to applications that require high precision, overlapping our typical target markets of Nano Dimension, such as aerospace, aviation, high-end
electronics and automotive, medical, optics, research, education and more. NanoFabrica’s technology and machines are designed to
enable digital mass manufacturing of precise and complex parts. In September 2022, NanoFabrica was merged with Nano Tech. On November 2, 2021, we
acquired all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Essemtec. Essemtec is a leader in adaptive highly flexible surface mount
technology, or SMT, pick-and-place equipment, sophisticated dispenser suitable for both high-speed and micro-dispensing, and intelligent
production material storage and logistic system. Its products are equipped with a sophisticated software package which makes extensive
and efficient material management possible. On January 4, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding share
capital of GIS. GIS is a leading developer and supplier of high-performance control electronics, software, and ink delivery systems. GIS
is known for inventing and delivering state-of-the-art 2D and 3D printing inkjet hardware and unique operating software. GIS has more
than 130 customers around the world with a focus on high-value, precision-oriented applications such as specialized direct-to-container
packaging, printed electronics functional fluids, and 3D printing, which can all be controlled by the proprietary software system. On July 7, 2022, we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Formatec Holding. Formatec Holding has two subsidiaries - Admatec and Formatec, based
in the Netherlands, are comprised of two complementary businesses operating together. They are a leading developer and manufacturer of
additive manufacturing and 3D printing systems for ceramic and metal end-user parts. Their industry-grade systems - powered by digital
light processing technology - use materials with superior mechanical, electrical, thermal, biological, and chemical properties to produce
an array of parts for medical, jewelry, industrial, and investment casting uses. Admatec and Formatec’s industrial production service
division is a design-to-production partner for industrial-scale customers via its service bureau platform that combines the advantages
of injection molding and additive manufacturing. Both means of production have served as a strategic advantage in working with customers,
from early-stage ideas into serial production of end-use parts. 20 On August 11, 2023, we acquired
all of the intellectual property assets of Additive Flow. Additive Flow develops high-performance and high-quality simulation software
for mechanical, thermal, thermo-mechanical properties, along with frequency and fatigue across a range of materials and processes. Its
product addresses design, production, and quality decisions, while optimizing for cost, weight, manufacturing productivity, and manufacturing
yield – all simultaneously. Additionally, from March through May 2023, we made several non-binding
offers to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Stratasys. After not proceeding with these offers to acquire all ordinary
shares, we made a series of special tender offers from May through July 2023 to acquire at least 51% of the outstanding shares, inclusive
of the 14.1% that we already owned. The offers were dependent on a number of closing conditions being met. As these conditions were not
met, we did not complete the special tender offers. In December 2023, we made an additional offer to buy all remaining shares of Stratasys,
which has not yet been accepted, for $16.50 per share. The proposal was subject to the completion of a satisfactory confirmatory due diligence
process and the negotiation and execution of a mutually satisfactory definitive acquisition agreement. There is no guarantee that the
offer will be accepted or that an acquisition will be completed. ADSs representing our Ordinary
Shares currently trade in the United States on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “NNDM.” Our registered office and
principal place of business is located at 2 Ilan Ramon St., Ness Ziona 7403635, Israel. Our telephone number in Israel is +972-73-7509142. Our website address is www.nano-di.com.
The information contained on our website or available through our website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered
a part of this annual report on Form 20-F, and the reference to our website in this annual report on Form 20-F is an inactive textual
reference only. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC will also be available to the public through the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov. Nano USA is our agent in the United States, and its address is 300 5th Ave., Suite 1010, Waltham, MA 02451. We are a foreign private
issuer as defined by the rules under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our status as a foreign private issuer also exempts us
from compliance with certain laws and regulations of the SEC and certain regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, including the proxy
rules, the short-swing profits recapture rules, and certain governance requirements such as independent director oversight of the nomination
of directors and executive compensation. In addition, we will not be required to file annual, quarterly and current reports and financial
statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. domestic companies registered under the Exchange Act. Our cash used in investing
activities for 2021, 2022 and 2023 amounted to $496,680,000, $67,673,000 and $166,600,000, respectively. The cash was used primarily
for investment in bank deposits and purchases of fixed assets. Our purchases of fixed assets primarily include leasehold improvements,
computers, and equipment used for the development of our products, and we financed these expenditures primarily from cash on hand. 21 B. Business Overview Our vision is to disrupt
electronics and mechanical manufacturing with an environmentally friendly and economically efficient electronics and precision additive
manufacturing Industry 4.0 solution - transforming digital designs into functioning electronic and mechanical devices - on demand, anytime,
anywhere. At Nano Dimension, we believe
that additive manufacturing (AM), which is known to some as 3D printing, of electronics and precision applications are key to future
growth in the manufacturing industry. According to an Emergen Research report titled “3D Printing Market”, published in March
2022, a 3D HUBS trend report titled “3D Printing Trend Report 2022”, published in May 2022, and an IDTechEx report titled
“3D Electronics/Additive Electronics 2022-2032” from April 2022, the additive manufacturing and additively manufactured electronics,
or AME, market, which consists of the sales of parts and the systems that make them, is expected to grow from $16 billion to more than
$100 billion by 2030 at a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of above 20%. Our technology strategy is
rooted in the application of deep learning-based AI to drive improvements in manufacturing capabilities by using self-learning and self-improving
systems, along with the management of a distributed manufacturing network via the cloud. Our deep learning-based AI
led manufacturing systems are used to 3D print and assemble high-performance electrical and mechanical applications. Our series of 3D
printing, robotics, and control systems enable key enhancements such as weight reduction, miniaturization, agile innovation, and rapid
fabrication of critical components that have met the needs of thousands of customers in the most technologically advanced, competitive,
and innovative industries such as aerospace/defense, automotive, electronics and PCB, industrial, medical, and research and development/academia. Our deep learning-based AI
platform “Deepcube” is novel compared to other AI solutions based on its ability to improve hardware performance; thus, enabling
its application on a distributed network of manufacturing solutions. This is based on DeepCube’s pioneering software inference accelerator,
which drastically improves yield, quality, and throughput on additive manufacturing hardware. DeepCube’s propriety algorithms increase
the speeds of data analysis tenfold, making it a unique hardware performance accelerator. In July 2023, we announced that we have made
notable progress in accelerating our plans to commercialize the industrial AI services of DeepCube by making its propriety technology
available for use by external customers. We signed an agreement with a large multinational electronics company to leverage DeepCube’s
deep learning-based AI technology. We also entered a memorandum of understanding with another international industrial company and are
in the latter stages of discussions with several more leading industrial and advanced manufacturing companies for the commercial use of
its DeepCube technology. Our portfolio of 3D printers
include: (i) AME inkjet printers known as DragonFly IV that produce PCBs and electronic devices by simultaneously depositing proprietary
conductive and dielectric substances while integrating in situ capacitors, antennas, coils, transformers, and electromechanical components,
(ii) Micro Additive Manufacturing (Micro-AM) Digital Light Processing, or DLP, printers known as Fabrica 2.0 that achieve production-grade
micron-level resolution polymer and composite parts, and (iii) Industrial AM DLP printers known as Admaflex utilizing a patented DLP
foil system that fabricates strong and complex ceramic and metal parts. Our 3D printing portfolio is complemented by a range of consumables,
also known as materials, including: inks, resins, and slurries. We also offer software to provide engineers with the tools to bring precision
and electrical parts from design-to-manufacturing. Our suite of Additive Electronics
robotics includes: (i) SMT suite of production equipment for Hi-PEDs® and PCB assembly via Essemtec, and (ii) Ink Delivery Systems,
or IDS, technology covering hardware and software solutions via GIS. We have a suite of software
products and services that support the aforementioned offerings. While there is an extensive list of these products, one to note is Additive
Flow. It is a key enabling software for design and simulation, which is one of the key steps in 3D printing. In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we
increased our sales and commercialization efforts to broaden the synergies of our different groups. As a part of scaling our operations,
we have offices spanning across the United States, Germany, UK, Switzerland, Australia, the Netherlands and Israel. These offices serve
to broaden our customer engagement across regions and serve as focal points for advancing our strategic objectives to lead in Western
markets. 22 Industry Overview Limitation of traditional manufacturing and the potential of
additive manufacturing. The global manufacturing
industry for electronics (PCB and high-performance electronics) and mechanical manufacturing (injection molding, CNC (Computer Numerical
Control) machining, sheet metal, and casting) is comprised primarily of subtractive technologies with numerous difficulties and limitations.
Designers and engineers have been limited to the constraints of existing processes that have impacted their end products, thus affecting
the firm’s bottom line and the value provided to their customers. Existing means of manufacturing also place a high reliance on
leveraging suppliers and partners in the Far East, which adds time and risk of IP theft. Additive manufacturing is
the process of making a three-dimensional solid object from a digital model. Using an additive process, where successive layers of material
are laid down in different shapes. Additive manufacturing is considered distinct from traditional machining techniques, which mostly
rely on the removal of material by methods such as cutting or drilling (subtractive processes). Additive manufacturing provides
numerous advantages compared to traditional electronics and mechanical manufacturing. Additive manufacturing provides: ● | Design flexibility: Traditional manufacturing methods, such as electronics and mechanical manufacturing, have limited design flexibility. This is because they rely on subtractive manufacturing techniques, where material is removed from a solid block or sheet of material to create the desired shape. On the other hand, additive manufacturing allows for the creation of complex geometries and shapes that would be difficult or impossible to produce using traditional methods. ● | Low setup costs: Traditional manufacturing methods often require expensive tooling and setup costs. This makes them less suitable for small production runs or custom projects. On the other hand, additive manufacturing does not require tooling and setup costs and is, therefore more cost-effective for quick turnaround prototyping and small production runs. ● | Accelerated time-to-market: Traditional manufacturing methods can have long lead times due to the time required for tooling and setup. On the other hand, additive manufacturing eliminates the need for extensive tooling and setup, thus enabling shorter lead times. ● | Assembly consolidation: Traditional manufacturing methods often require multiple components to be manufactured separately and then assembled together, which can add additional costs and time to the manufacturing process. On the other hand, additive manufacturing can consolidate multiple components into a single, complex part, reducing the need for assembly and further streamlining the manufacturing process. ● | Material savings: Traditional manufacturing methods often produce significant material wastage, especially in subtractive manufacturing techniques where excess material is removed. On the other hand, additive manufacturing can produce parts with little to no wastage, which is more environmentally friendly and cost-effective. Additive manufacturing as a pillar of Industry 4.0 Industry 4.0, also known
as the Fourth Industrial Revolution, refers to the current trend of integrating advanced technologies such as AI, the Internet of Things,
or IoT, robotics, and automation into manufacturing and other industries. The goal of Industry 4.0 is to create more intelligent, efficient,
flexible, and productive manufacturing solutions. 23 We perceive that additive
manufacturing is at a defining inflection point, given an ever-growing commitment to industry 4.0 transformation by large and small companies.
To underscore the potential of additive manufacturing, several Fortune 500 and other tier-one companies operating across a number of
distinct industries have made substantial investments to decisively enter the additive manufacturing market. Examples include leading
companies in aerospace and defense, dental/cosmetics, and apparel and footwear. With the production world increasingly depending on additive
manufacturing, we see exciting advancements internally and externally focused on new technologies, materials, and the integration of
additional industry 4.0 solutions such as robotics and AI. The industry 4.0 manufacturing
revolution includes the electrical and mechanical precision manufacturing of mission-critical products across multiple industries, from
satellites to medical devices and IoT devices that require precision and electronic components. We believe that fully additively manufactured
smart connected products are the next phase of industry 4.0. Additive manufacturing has the potential to be key in the re-shoring
trend. Recent geopolitical, economic,
and supply chain events have caused many advanced Western firms to consider re-shoring manufacturing and/or their manufacturing suppliers.
According to a survey conducted by Thomas titled “83% of North American Manufacturers Are Likely to Reshore Their Supply Chains
in 2021” published in July 2021, a leading online sourcing platform, 83% of North American manufacturers are considering re-shoring
production. Re-shoring provides supply chain resilience, cost savings, customization, in-house/local IP, and industry 4.0 solutions offer
tools with the potential capabilities to leverage this opportunity. Additive manufacturing has historically been used for prototyping
and proof of concept manufacturing. Additive manufacturing has
mainly been used for prototyping and proof of concept because it offers a high degree of design freedom and flexibility in creating complex
geometries that may be difficult or impossible to produce using traditional manufacturing methods. Additionally, additive manufacturing
allows for rapid iteration and testing of multiple design concepts, reducing the time and cost associated with product development. However,
advancements in additive manufacturing technology have made it possible to produce high-quality parts at larger scales, enabling its
use in production applications, thus playing an increasingly important role in future manufacturing processes. Market Opportunity We are positioned to continue
to take advantage of manufacturing industry trends. The future of manufacturing looks promising; businesses across industries such as
aerospace/defense, automotive, electronics and PCB, industrial, medical, and research and development/academia have started researching
and acquiring advanced additive manufacturing systems and solutions. We estimate market potential by looking at several market references.
According to an Emergen Research report titled “3D Printing Market”, published in March 2022, a 3D HUBS trend report titled
“3D Printing Trend Report 2022”, published in May 2022, and an IDTechEx report titled “3D Electronics/Additive Electronics
2022-2032” from April 2022, the additive manufacturing and AME, market are together expected to grow from $16 billion to more than
$100 billion by 2030 at a CAGR of above 20%. The current industry practices
present challenges to electronics and manufacturing, including poor energy efficiency, slow production time and high costs, long time
to get to market, and potential risks for IP theft. We provide systems and solutions for additive precision and electronics manufacturing,
a unique offering that enables a compelling proposition to the most innovative and advanced manufacturers seeking rapid fabrication of
high-performance components. 24 Strategy Our goal is to expedite
our growth and to further advance our breakthrough technologies and commercialization efforts. To achieve these objectives, we are focused
on three main pillars: ● | Research & development (R&D): We are committed to the development of systems, materials, software, AI, and solutions that will advance our capabilities and core technology surrounding additive manufacturing of electronic and precision applications. Since our founding, we have invested significant resources into the development of our existing portfolio. In connection of our acquisitions in 2021 and 2022, we have acquired significant R&D resources and talent that expand our R&D base. R&D is a core pillar, approximately 40% of our employees are focused on R&D or application development (who are significantly involved in supporting development and feedback for our R&D), and approximately 30 employees are data scientists and algorithm engineers dedicated to AI development. ● | Go-To-Market (GTM): We are advancing our commercialization efforts and infrastructure to connect, development relationships, and make sales. Our GTM efforts are led by management with prior successes in building and growing technology-focused sales and marketing organizations. Our organization is global, with offices in the United States, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Israel, Hong Kong and Australia, providing significant reach and local market expertise. We have invested in creating the critical talent, technology, and physical infrastructure for the Go-To-Market of advanced manufacturing for our existing portfolio and the base for any new releases or acquisitions. ● | Mergers & acquisitions (M&A): We are focusing on synergetic M&A of systems, materials, software, AI, and solutions that build up to deliver comprehensive solutions to mutual vertical market segments. We have a team of M&A professionals and partners who have and continue to help us identify and evaluate a range of opportunities, most of which are in North America and Europe, that will help us deliver on the above strategy, while also providing a return-on-investment for shareholders. In December 2023, we submitted a preliminary all cash proposal to purchase all the outstanding shares of Stratasys that we did not already own for $16.50 per share in cash. We currently own approximately 14.02% of Stratasys’ outstanding shares and have been its largest shareholder since July 2022. Our offer has not yet been accepted. The proposal was subject to the completion of a satisfactory confirmatory due diligence process and the negotiation and execution of a mutually satisfactory definitive acquisition agreement. There is no guarantee that the offer will be accepted or that an acquisition will be completed. Products 3D printers ● | AME systems, which are inkjet printers (DragonFly series) that produce Hi-PEDs® by simultaneously depositing proprietary conductive and dielectric substances while integrating in situ capacitors, antennas, coils, transformers, and electromechanical components. ● | Micro additive manufacturing systems, which are DLP printers (Fabrica series) that achieve production-grade polymer and composite parts with ultra-high features, details, accuracy, and precision. ● | Industrial additive manufacturing systems, which are DLP printers (Admaflex series) utilizing a patented foil system that fabricates strong and complex ceramic and metal parts. Additive Electronics Robotics and control systems ● | SMT, for electronics assembly equipment for electronic components on Hi-PEDs® and PCBs, catering to various manufacturing and volume requirements. ● | IDS, which are control electronics, software, and ink delivery systems for digital printing. 25 Consumables and technology We offer a range of complementary
consumables and technology for use with each of our 3D printers, robotics, and systems: ● | Materials: We sell a range of materials that are developed in-house for each of our 3D printers, which include: nanoparticle conductive and dielectric inks, polymer and composite resins, and ceramic and metal slurries. The sale of these materials provides a recurring revenue stream from customers of our 3D printers. ● | Software: We offer software for each of our solutions. For industrial AI, our DeepCube offering is at the core of our in-house and customer oriented work in improving the efficiency of industrial systems through visual inspection and maintenance. For our 3D printers, the software enables design and manufacturing and includes (i) our “FLIGHT” software for our AME system, (ii) AM printer software for Fabrica and Admaflex systems providing in-process monitoring, traceability, and print preparation, and (iii) simulation software for mechanical, thermal, thermo-mechanical properties, along with frequency and fatigue across a range of materials and processes by Additive Flow. For our SMT solutions, our SMART software suite provides all the requirements for a modern electronic manufacturing environment. For our IDS solutions, our Atlas software provides a unique, modular software suite to manage the entire data path from image to print for the inkjet industry. Intellectual Property We seek patent protection
as well as other effective intellectual property rights for our products, services and technologies in the United States and internationally.
Our policy is to pursue, maintain and defend intellectual property rights developed internally and to protect the technology, inventions
and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. We have an ever-growing portfolio
of over 100 issued U.S. and foreign patents and approximately 200 provisional and non-provisional patent applications with the USPTO,
WIPO filed through the Patent Cooperation Treaty, and with the respective patent offices of China, Europe, South Korea, Japan and Taiwan.
A provisional patent application is a preliminary application that can be filed less formally than a non-provisional application, and
establishes a priority date for the patenting process for the invention disclosed therein. Our growing patent portfolio
can be divided into five main areas: 1. Mechanical: covering various
printers’ components and peripherals, for example- granted U.S. patents (9,227,444, 9,259,933, 9,878,549 and 11,141,909) for ink
jet 3D printers, indirect stereo lithography and DLP, as well as several patent applications, directed to components and systems varying
from print heads regeneration systems, print heads cleaning and ink recycling systems. 2. Chemical: covering ink
compositions and related nanoparticles, both dielectric and conducting. For example, several were granted in the U.S. (10,385,175, 10,626,233,
11,155,004), Chinese (112955326) and South Korean (10-2017-7013551) patent offices. Other chemical applications are directed to flexible
ink (10,893,612), Ceramic Ink Compositions (US 11,155,004), and support inks (11,629,261). 3. Applications: covering
3D printing applications and computer applications. The 3D printing applications are directed to various methods of printing additive
manufacturing electronics, flexible printed circuits (FPCs) and high-density interconnects (HDIs) circuits with embedded components. Additional
filings were directed inter-alia to composite printing, shielded traces (10,905,017), fabricating SMT mounting sockets (11,395,412), bridging
members between integrated circuits, or ICs, vertically embedded wells and their interconnectivity, as well as coreless transformers (US
11,694,837). Additional applications are directed to the method of controlling a deposition system comprising a print head array (11,633,961,
11,780,239). 26 4. Industrial Design/Design:
covering the ornamental aspects of the printer and various printer components. While currently there are no design patents granted, or
pending, we intend to file design patents when appropriate, for example for Ink containers and ink cartridges’ adapters. 5. Artificial Intelligence/
Deep Learning: Covering an efficient technique of machine learning that is provided for training a plurality of convolutional neural
networks with increased speed and accuracy using a genetic evolutionary model (US 10,339,450); storing sparse neural network (US 10,366,322);
approximating multi-synaptic/filters neural network that can be partially-activated by iteratively executing partial pathways to generate
partial outputs (US 10,515,306, 10,878,321); mimicking pre-trained target model without access to the pre-trained target model or its
original training dataset (US 10,699,194); training or prediction of a neural network (US 11,055,617); training or prediction of neural
networks using a cluster-connected neural networks (US 11,164,084); system and method for mimicking a neural network without access to
the original training dataset or the target model (US 11,907,854); and system and method for efficient evolution of deep convolutional
neural networks using filter-wise recombination and propagated mutations (US 11,710,044). In addition to patent applications,
in September 2014, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with the Research and Development Company of the Hebrew University
of Jerusalem, Ltd., or Yissum, for two patents that cover the unique method of manufacturing our consumable nano-conductive ink for the
3D printing of electronic circuits. The agreement was amended and restated in April 2015. Pursuant to the license agreement, we will
be required to pay Yissum low to mid-single digit percentage royalties on sales of our conductive ink. The exclusive license agreement
is in effect for the longer of remaining usable life of the patents and patent applications, or 15 years from the first commercial sale
of a product relating to the licensed technology in the country in which the first commercial sale occurred. In addition, we have identified
several trade secrets associated with chemical formulations, combination of jigs (manufacturing aids), and preferred suppliers and have
taken the necessary steps to maintain these trade secrets. In addition to the patent
portfolio describe above, in our Admatec division, our patent portfolio can be divided to three main areas: 1. | Mechanical : covering foils (e.g., UK 3094478), conditioning units (e.g., US 11,141,909), laserflex (e.g., NL 2015381), and abrasive; 2. | Applications : control of glass temperature (e.g., NL 2021611); and 3. | Materials : metals and precursors (e.g., 2018890) In addition to the patent
portfolio describe above, our Essemtec division filed a provisional application (63/542,334) directed to assemblies and methods for heating
PCBs, ICs, advanced packaging, or APs, wafers and the like, in material dispensing processes, using an assembly operable to create a customizable
hot-air bath accounting for surface topology, for soaking the PCBs, ICs, APs, wafers and the like. In addition to the patent
portfolio describe above, in our GIS division, our patent portfolio can be divided into two main areas: 1. | Direct to shape : methods for printing onto 3-dimensional surface (e.g., US 11,463,603); and 2. | Drive electronics : electronics for improved performance when driving piezo inkjet print heads (e.g., US 9,079,396 and US 8,860,388). Competition We compete with suppliers
of additive manufacturing solutions, printers, materials, and software, as well as suppliers for traditional manufacturing of electronics
and precision mechanical parts. The development of new technologies or techniques not encompassed by the patents that we own may result
in additional future competition. Many companies provide solutions
for additive manufacturing over a range of product segments that can often be split by type of applications depending on materials, size,
and accuracy. The additive manufacturing industry is rapidly growing, and the market is still in its infancy. We differentiate ourselves
from other companies in the industry by (i) focusing on key applications areas that are not the focus of other players in the market,
such as AME, precision-AM, and high-performance ceramics and metal AM, (ii) patented and/or differentiated features developed from continued
R&D for our portfolio, and (iii) combining our printer and solutions multidisciplinary vertically integrated portfolio for precision
manufacturing and electronics with our leading AI (Deep Learning) platform DeepCube that together provide industry-leading performance
and compounding future performance enhancements. 27 Research and Development From time to time, we explore
the application of our technology to additional areas within 3D printing and other industries. In January 2023, we announced
the delivery of the Admaflex130 Evolution, which is the first of its next generation high precision ceramics and metal fabrication system,
to the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. In February 2023, we announced
a purchase order from a supplier to the U.S. government defense industry, for our DragonFly IV. In March 2023, we received another purchase
order from a leading Western intelligence agency for our DragonFly IV. In June 2023, we announced the sale of our DragonFly IV system
to the University of Stuttgart, Germany, Institute of Smart Sensors and 3rd Institute of Physics. In July 2023, we announced
that we had closed a series of landmark sales of additive manufacturing printers and additive electronics robotics systems in the second
quarter of 2023, which sales are material given their size and customer profiles, which are leading, large-scale businesses and organizations.
While the names of the customers cannot be shared as they are defense related and/or focus on IP sensitive work, a partial list of the
organizations includes: a space exploration company, a satellite equipment innovator, a national defense agency, a nuclear research group,
and a computer manufacturer. In August 2023, we announced
that we received our largest single purchase order in our history, both in terms of the dollar value and number of systems, for digital
manufacturing additive robotics solutions from a leading western highly advanced industrial leader. The sale includes multiple robotics
systems designed and made by integrated technologies from Nano Dimension’ divisions. The advanced Additive Robotics manufacturing
equipment are critical in modern digital-industrial production. In September 2023, we announced
the filing of a new patent titled “Large Language Models for the Log File Analysis of Industrial Machines,” or the LLM Log
Patent, which is critical for real-time data analysis and scalable deployment across our own systems as well as industrial solutions
provided to outside customers. The focus of the LLM Log Patent is “log data alpha-numeric streams”, which relate to the operation
and parameters of a given industrial process and can generate hundreds of parallel subsystems. Currently, real-time analysis of these
logs is not possible given the quantity of data; thus, queries and investigations are usually reserved for failure cases long after the
occurrence and are limited in scale. In November 2023, we announced
a breakthrough in the development of a material that is a critical enabler for the advancement of AME. Materials, which are commonly
known as consumables, are an important factor in the success of additive manufacturing at industrial scale. The functionality of the
materials and their acceptance according to industry standards are both critical. Our launch of INSU200, a dielectric ink boasting industry-leading
thermo-mechanical properties, addresses both with increased functionality and greater alignment with industry standards, even going so
far as to set new standards. In terms of functionality, the new material can withstand the rigorous demands of Restriction of Hazardous
Substances, or ROHS, compliant reflow soldering processes. With regards to industry standards, the new material aligns with a number
of reliability standards set by IPC (Association Connecting Electronics Industries), the leading global association for the electronics
industry, and the FED (Fachverband Elektronik-Design e.V.) in Europe. 28 In January 2024, we announced
the filing of a new patent application titled “Large Language Models for Efficient Anomaly Detection in Log Files of Industrial
Machines,” or the Log Analysis Patent, which is targeted for real-time data analysis and scalable deployment across our own systems
and industrial solutions provided to outside customers. The Log Analysis Patent addresses one of the core challenges for automated anomaly
detection. While machine logs are usually a valuable source of information for industrial systems, they are increasingly difficult and
expensive to analyze as the underlying systems have grown in complexity and the volume of log data they contain has multiplied. Furthermore,
logs are typically analyzed after events have happened and not in real-time, thereby missing the opportunity to apply corrective actions.
To overcome these problems, we have extended our existing AI patents with a Large Language Model that can operate independently of engineering
labels. With this, the technology exploits the existing sentiment that is expressed in the machine logs. This enables a fully automated
process of AI-powered prediction of manufacturing anomalies before they occur, based either solely on logs or in combination with other
machine data and being efficient enough to process billions of log lines. For the years ended December
31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we incurred $41,686,000, $75,763,000 and $62,004,000, respectively, of research and development expenses. Grants from Israel’s Innovation Authority Our research and development
efforts are financed in part through royalty-bearing grants from the IIA. As of December 31, 2023, we have received the aggregate amount
of $3,843,000 from the IIA for the development of our additive manufacturing system and nano-inks. With respect to such grants, we are
committed to pay royalties of 3% to 3.5% on sales proceeds from our products that were developed under IIA programs up to the total amount
of grants received, linked to the U.S. dollar and bearing interest. Until October 25, 2023, the interest was calculated at a rate based
on 12-month LIBOR applicable to U.S. Dollar deposits. However, on October 25, 2023, the IIA published a directive concerning changes in
royalties to address the expiration of the LIBOR. Under such directive, regarding IIA grants approved by the IIA prior to January 1, 2024
but which are outstanding thereafter, as of January 1, 2024 the annual interest is calculated at a rate based on 12-month SOFR, or at
an alternative rate published by the Bank of Israel plus 0.71513%; and, for grants approved on or following January 1, 2024 the annual
interest shall be the higher of (i) the 12 months SOFR interest rate, plus 1%, or (ii) a fixed annual interest rate of 4%. Regardless
of any royalty payment, we are further required to comply with the requirements of the Research Law, with respect to those past grants.
When a company develops know-how, technology or products using IIA grants, the terms of these grants and the Research Law restrict the
transfer of such know-how, change of control transactions and the transfer of manufacturing or manufacturing rights of such products,
technologies or know-how outside of Israel, without the prior approval of the IIA. In addition, any change of control and any change of
ownership of our Ordinary Shares that would make a non-Israel citizen or resident an “interested party,” as defined in the
Research Law, requires prior written notice from the IIA. We do not believe that these requirements will materially restrict us in any
way. Production and Manufacturing We purchase the raw materials
required for the production of our products, including components of additive manufacturing systems and materials to produce our nano-inks
products. To date, the majority of our manufacturing equipment are assembled in-house. With respect to our ink
products, we intend to keep full control of the value chain, from research and development through self-manufacturing and global sales.
We have a production facility to support the commercialization and production of our proprietary nano-conductive ink and dielectric ink
for our DragonFly additive manufacturing system. We believe that the size and capacity of this facility, located in the same building
as our offices, will be sufficient to support our future commercialization activities. We are certified by the SII (Standard Institute
of Israel) for three international standards- the ISO 45001:2018 for occupational health and safety within the workplace, the ISO 14001:2015
Standard – EMS (Environmental Management System) and the ISO 9001:2015 for quality throughout in our production processes. 29 Sales and Marketing We have a global sales and
marketing organization. In some instances we have sales and marketing leaders selling several products from our portfolio, in other instances
we have dedicated people selling certain products. The focus of our efforts are in Western markets, along with some sales in the Asia-Pacific
Region. We work through a combination of direct sales and through channel partners. C. Organizational Structure We currently have the following
wholly owned subsidiaries: GIS, which is incorporated in the United Kingdom, Essemtec, which is incorporated in Switzerland and has three
subsidiaries, Nano Tech, which is incorporated in the State of Israel, Nano USA Inc., which is incorporated in Delaware, Nano Dimension
GmbH, which is incorporated in Germany, Nano Dimension (HK) Limited, which is incorporated in Hong Kong, Nano Dimension Australia PTY
Ltd, which is incorporated in Australia, Formatec Holding, Admatec and Formatec, which are incorporated in the Netherlands, and other
insignificant subsidiaries. D. Property, Plant and Equipment Our offices, research and
development facility, manufacturing facility and in-house laboratory are located at our headquarters at 2 Ilan Ramon, and Ilan Ramon 6,
Ness Ziona 7403635, Israel, where we currently occupy altogether approximately 90,000 square feet. We lease our headquarters under nine
separate leases. Three of the leases, which account for about 33% of our office space, will end in August 2024, three of the leases, which
account for about 33% of our office space, end in 2026, three of the leases, which account for about 33% of our office space, end in 2027.
We have an option to extend our lease agreements for an additional two to five years with an approximately 5% to 10% increase of the monthly
rental fee. The total monthly rent payment for the facilities in Israel is currently approximately $170,000. We also have a facility in
Azrieli Center, Tel-Aviv, Israel, where we currently lease and occupy approximately 6,700 square feet. The total monthly rent payment
for the facilities in Tel-Aviv is currently approximately $25,000. Our U.S. office is in Waltham, Massachusetts, where we currently lease
and occupy approximately 25,400 square feet. The total monthly rent payment for the facilities in Waltham is currently approximately $65,000.
In addition, in December 2022, we opened an additional office in Munich, Germany to house expanded sales operations and customer support.
We currently lease and occupy 13,500 square feet in our Munich, Germany office, and our monthly rent payment for the facilities is approximately
$35,000. We also have smaller offices in Australia. Essemtec has offices in Aesch, Switzerland, which are owned by us. GIS has offices
in Cambridge, United Kingdom, Admatec has offices in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, and Formatec has offices in Goirle, the Netherlands. We consider that our current
office space is sufficient to meet our anticipated needs for the foreseeable future and is suitable for the conduct of our business. ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS None. 30 ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on
Form 20-F. This discussion and other parts of this annual report on Form 20-F contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”
and elsewhere in this annual report in Form 20-F. We report financial information under IFRS as issued by the IASB and none of the financial
statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Our discussion and analysis
for the year ended December 31, 2022 can be found in our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed
with the SEC on March 31, 2023. Overview To date, we have generated
revenues from the sale of our products. In the fourth quarter of 2017 we began commercializing our products and our ability to generate
significant revenues and achieve profitability depends on our ability to successfully complete the development of, and to continue to
commercialize, our products, including consumables. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $591,207,000. Our financing
activities are described below under “Liquidity and Capital Resources.” We currently estimate that we have the necessary
capital in order to establish our commercial infrastructure. 5. A Operating Results Operating Expenses Our current operating expenses
consist of three components – research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development
expenses consist of salaries and related personnel expenses, share-based payments expenses, subcontractors expenses, materials ,depreciation,
rental fees, patent registration fees, and other related research and development expenses. The following table discloses
the breakdown of research and development expenses: Year ended December 31,
(in thousands of U.S dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Payroll | 35,638 | 33,462
Share-based payment expenses | 17,424 | 7,722
Subcontractors | 10,344 | 6,717
Patent registration | 506 | 689
Materials | 6,881 | 6,584
Rental fees and maintenance | 642 | 1,081
Depreciation | 3,038 | 3,859
Other expenses | 1,290 | 1,890
Total | 75,763 | 62,004 Subcontractors expenses
include expenses for development consultants and service providers, who are not employees. The services provided by these consultants
and service providers include, but are not limited to, chemistry consulting, software and electronics subcontractors and consulting and
chip processing consulting. Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and marketing expenses
consist of salaries and related expenses, marketing and advertising services, travel expenses, share-based payments expenses, depreciation,
rental fees and other related sales and marketing expenses. 31 The following table discloses
the breakdown of sales and marketing expenses: Year ended December 31,
(in thousands of U.S dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Payroll | 20,057 | 19,075
Share-based payment expenses | 8,616 | 2,490
Marketing and advertising | 5,057 | 4,685
Depreciation | 1,502 | 1,369
Travel abroad | 2,567 | 2,555
Rental fees and maintenance | 392 | 319
Other expenses | 642 | 1,214
Total | 38,833 | 31,707 General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative
expenses consist of professional services, salaries and related expenses, share-based payments expenses, office expenses, depreciation,
travel expenses, fees and other general and administrative expenses. The following table discloses
the breakdown of general and administrative expenses: Year ended December 31,
(in thousands of U.S dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Payroll | 9,321 | 14,032
Share-based payments | 4,940 | 8,448
Professional services | 9,701 | 29,122
Office expenses | 2,704 | 1,613
Depreciation | 563 | 926
Travel abroad | 743 | 674
Rental fees and maintenance | 286 | 515
Other expenses | 2,199 | 2,924
Total | 30,457 | 58,254 32 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2023 to the year ended
December 31, 2022 Results of Operations Year ended December 31,
(in thousands of U.S dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data
Revenues | 43,633 | 56,314
Cost of revenues | 24,943 | 30,759
Cost of revenues - write-down of inventories and amortization of assets recognized in business combination and technology | 4,639 | 97
Gross profit | 14,051 | 25,458
Research and development expenses, net | 75,763 | 62,004
Sales and marketing expenses | 38,833 | 31,707
General and administrative expenses | 30,457 | 58,254
Other income, net | — | 1,627
Impairment losses on intangible assets | 40,523 | —
Operating loss | (171,525 | ) | (124,880 | )
Finance expense (income), net | 56,506 | (69,282 | )
Loss before taxes | (228,031 | ) | (55,598 | )
Taxes benefit | (264 | ) | (62 | )
Loss for the year | (228,295 | ) | (55,660 | )
Loss attributable to non-controlling interests | (872 | ) | (1,110 | )
Loss attributable to owners | (227,423 | ) | (54,550 | ) Revenues Our revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2023 amounted to $56,314,000, representing an increase of $12,681,000 or 29%, compared to $43,633,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The increase is attributed mostly to increased and more effective sales efforts across our product lines, including
our 3D printers and robotics systems, especially in Western Europe and the United States. Cost of Revenues Our cost of revenues excluding
write-down of inventories and amortization of assets recognized in business combination and technology for the year ended December 31,
2023 amounted to $30,759,000, representing an increase of $5,816,000 or 23%, compared to $24,943,000, for the year ended December 31,
2022. Cost of revenues consists mainly of raw materials, materials and consumables in the amount of $18,696,000, payroll and related
expenses in the amount of $9,586,000 and other related costs (depreciation and rental maintenance expenses) in the amount of $2,477,000.
The increase resulted primarily from the above-mentioned increase in revenues. Gross Profit Our gross profit for the
year ended December 31, 2023, amounted to $25,458,000, compared to a gross profit of $14,051,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The increase resulted from an increase in our revenues, improved operational efficiencies and a decrease in write-down of inventories
and amortization of assets recognized in business combination and technology. 33 Research and Development Expenses, net Our research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to $62,004,000, representing a decrease of $13,759,000, or 18%, compared to $75,763,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is attributed to a decrease of $9,702,000 in share-based payments expenses, as well
as decrease of $3,627,000 in subcontractors’ expenses and a decrease of $2,176,000 in payroll and related expenses. Sales and marketing Expenses Our sales and marketing
expenses amounted to $31,707,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of $7,126,000 or 18%, compared to $38,833,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease resulted primarily from a decrease of $6,126,000 in share-based payments expenses and a decrease
of $982,000 in payroll and related expenses. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and
administrative expenses totaled $58,254,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of $27,797,000 or 91%, compared to
$30,457,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase resulted primarily from an increase of $19,421,000 in professional
services, mainly from proxy contest related expenses, including the matters relating to activist shareholders and ADS holders, such
as proxy advisory, voting, and litigation, as well as an increase of $3,508,000 in share-based payments expenses and an increase of
$4,711,000 in payroll and related expenses. See “Item 8.A Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Instruments - Legal
Proceedings” for more information. Other Income, Net Our other income, net
for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $1,627,000 compared to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was attributed
to additional compensation from government authorities for damaged inventory, less reorganization costs which we incurred during 2023. Impairment Losses During 2022, there was a
decline in our share price, such that as of December 31. 2022, our fair value, which is based on the share price, was lower than our
book value of equity. Hence, we evaluated our CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. Given the recoverable amount of the said
CGUs, determined on the basis of the value in use of the units, the goodwill, intangibles and property, plant and equipment relating
to the groups of the said CGUs was reduced by approximately $40,523,000. In 2023, no impairment losses were recognized. Operating Loss As a result of the foregoing,
our operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $124,880,000, as compared to an operating loss of $171,525,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of $46,645,000 or 27%. Finance Expense and Income Finance expense and income
mainly consist of bank interest, revaluation of financial assets and liabilities and lease liabilities, revaluation of liability in respect
of government grants, bank fees, and exchange rate differences. We recognized net
financial income of $69,282,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to net financial expenses of $56,506,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The change is primarily due to an increase of $86,253,000 from revaluation of our investment in Stratasys,
which is measured at fair value, as well as an increase of $27,455,000 in bank interest income, and an increase of $17,703,000 due
to exchange rate differences. These were partially offset by a decrease of $4,977,000 in financial income due to revaluation of
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. 34 Total Loss As a result of the foregoing,
our total loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $55,660,000, as compared to $228,295,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
a decrease of $172,635,000, or 76%. 5.B Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Since our inception through
December 31, 2023, we have funded our operations principally with $1,550,642,000 from the issuance of Ordinary Shares, warrants and convertible
notes. As of December 31, 2023, and following (i) the execution of a $96 million Repurchase Plan during 2023; and (ii) the acquisition
of the Stratasys shares, we had $309,571,000 in cash and cash equivalents and an additional $541,967,000 in short-term unrestricted bank
deposits. The table below presents
our cash flows: December 31,
(in thousands of U.S. dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Operating activities | (92,054 | ) | (105,069 | )
Investing activities | (67,673 | ) | (166,600 | )
Financing activities | (5,273 | ) | (105,414 | )
Net decrease in cash | (168,264 | ) | (375,791 | ) Operating Activities Net cash used in operating
activities of $105,069,000 during the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily used for payment of salaries and related personnel expenses,
payments for materials and inventory, rent, travel, professional services and other miscellaneous expenses. Net cash used in operating
activities of $92,054,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily used for payment of salaries and related personnel expenses,
payments for materials and inventory, rent, travel, professional services and other miscellaneous expenses. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing
activities of $166,600,000 during the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily used for investments of our cash in bank deposits and
fixed assets. Net cash used in investing
activities of $67,673,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was used for investment in securities and fixed assets, as well as acquisition
of subsidiaries, less cash invested in bank deposits. 35 In August 2023, we announced
that we acquired the technology and intellectual property of the U.K.-based company Additive Flow, which supplies solutions for 3D design
simulation and optimization, for GBP 1.76 million. Additive Flow has developed high-performance and high-quality simulation software
for mechanical, thermal, thermo-mechanical properties, along with frequency and fatigue across a range of materials and processes. Their
product addresses design, production, and quality decisions, while optimizing for cost, weight, manufacturing productivity, and manufacturing
yield. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing
activities of $105,414,000 in the year ended December 31, 2023 was mainly due to repurchase of our ADSs and lease payments. Net cash provided by financing
activities of $5,273,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to lease payments. In February 2023, we announced that we would put into action our previously
announced share repurchase plan, or the $100 million Repurchase Plan, allowing us to invest up to $100 million to repurchase our ADSs
from time to time, in open market transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions or in other legally permissible ways, depending
on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. The $100 million Repurchase Plan was approved by the Israeli court
in in August 2022 for a period of up to 12 months and was later extended by an additional two months. The $100 million Repurchase Plan
expired on October 12, 2023, with $4,160,138 remaining, and thereafter no longer eligible for repurchases under such plan. All repurchases
made in 2023 were made pursuant to the $100 million Repurchase Plan. In August 2023, our board
of directors authorized a repurchase plan, or the $200 million Repurchase Plan, allowing us to invest up to $200 million to repurchase
ADSs from time to time, in open market transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions or in any other legally permissible ways,
depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. The Israeli court approved the $200 million Repurchase
Plan on October 17, 2023 for a twelve-month period. As of March 15, 2024, 17,110,217 shares have been repurchased under the Repurchase
Plan. Under the aforementioned
repurchase plans, we may repurchase all or a portion of the authorized repurchase amount. The plans do not obligate us to repurchase
any specific number of the Ordinary Shares represented by ADS, and may be suspended or terminated at any time at management’s discretion.
See “Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers” for additional information. Current Outlook To date, we have not achieved
profitability and have sustained net losses in every fiscal year since our inception, and we have financed our operations primarily through
proceeds from issuance of our Ordinary Shares, warrants and convertible notes. Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital resources
are to finance working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate purposes and to advance our M&A strategy. We believe that
our current resources will be sufficient to meet our business needs for at least the next 12 months. In addition, our operating
plans may change as a result of many factors that may currently be unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than
planned. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: ● | the progress and costs of our research and development activities; ● | the progress of commercial sales of our products; ● | the costs of manufacturing our products; ● | the costs of filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims, intellectual property rights and other legal claims; 36 ● | the potential costs of contracting with third parties to provide marketing and distribution services for us or for building such capacities internally; and ● | the magnitude of our general and administrative expenses. 5.C Research and development, patents and
licenses, etc. For a description of our
research and development programs and the amounts that we have incurred over the last two years pursuant to those programs, please see
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects— A. Operating Results— Operating Expenses— Research and
Development Expenses” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects— A. Operating Results— Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2023 to the year ended December 31, 2022— Research and Development Expenses” 5.D Trend Information The trends impacting us
are described elsewhere in this annual report on Form 20-F, including in Items 4.B. and 5.B. As noted therein, among other
trends, we have been engaged, and plan to continue to engage, in mergers and acquisitions to diversify or expand our business, which
may pose risks to our business, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these mergers or acquisitions. 5.E Critical Accounting Estimates We describe our material
Accounting Policies more fully in Note 3 to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included elsewhere in this
annual report on Form 20-F. We believe that the accounting policies described in Note 3 to our financial statements are critical in order
to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. We prepare our financial
statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. At the time of the preparation of the financial statements, our management
is required to use estimates, evaluations, and assumptions which affect the application of the accounting policy and the amounts reported
for assets, obligations, income, and expenses. Any estimates and assumptions are continually reviewed. The changes to the accounting
estimates are credited during the period in which the change to the estimate is made. Other financial and operating data: (In thousands of U.S. dollars) | Year Ended December 31, 2023
EBITDA (loss) | (94,958 | )
Adjusted EBITDA (loss) | (99,942 | ) EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure
and is defined as earnings before interest income, income tax, depreciation and amortization. We believe that EBITDA, as described above,
should be considered in evaluating the company’s operations. EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to
period and company to company by backing out potential differences caused by variations in capital structures (affecting interest expenses
(income), net), and the age and depreciation charges and amortization of fixed and intangible assets, respectively (affecting relative
depreciation and amortization expense, respectively) and EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because
it is widely used by investors, securities analysts and other interested parties to measure a company’s operating performance without
regard to the items mentioned above. 37 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS
measure and is defined as earnings before other financial income, income tax, depreciation and amortization, share-based payments and
other extraordinary income, net, which consists of additional compensation for damaged inventory, less reorganization costs (see Notes
6 and 18(C) to our financial statements). Other financial expense (income), net includes exchange rate differences as well as finance
income for revaluation of assets and liabilities. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, as described above, should also be considered in evaluating
the company’s operations. Like EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period and
company to company by backing out potential differences caused by variations in capital structures (affecting other financial expenses
(income), net), and the age and depreciation charges and amortization of fixed and intangible assets, respectively (affecting relative
depreciation and amortization expense, respectively), as well as from share-based payment expenses, and Adjusted EBITDA is useful to
an investor in evaluating our operating performance because it is widely used by investors, securities analysts and other interested
parties to measure a company’s operating performance without regard to non-cash items, such as expenses related to share-based
payments. The following is a reconciliation
of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: (In thousands of U.S. dollars) | For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Net loss | (55,660 | )
Tax expenses | 62
Depreciation | 6,544
Interest income | (45,904 | )
EBITDA (loss) | (94,958 | )
Finance income from revaluation of assets and liabilities | (21,887 | )
Exchange rate differences | (1,571 | )
Share-based compensation expenses | 20,101
Other extraordinary income, net | (1,627 | )
Adjusted EBITDA (loss) | (99,942 | ) 38 ITEM
6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES A.
Directors and Senior Management The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers, key employees and directors as of March 15, 2024: Name | Age | Position
Yoav Stern | 70 | Chief Executive Officer, Director
Tomer Pinchas | 50 | Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
Nick Geddes | 48 | Chief Technology Officer
Zivi Nedivi | 65 | President
Yoav Nissan-Cohen (1) | 74 | Chairman of the Board of Directors
Simon Anthony-Fried (1) | 50 | Director
Michael X. Garrett (1) | 62 | Director
Oded Gera (1) (2) (3) | 71 | Director
Roni Kleinfeld (1) (2) (3) | 67 | Director
J. Christopher Moran (1) (2) (3) | 64 | Director (1) | Indicates independent director under Nasdaq Stock Market rules.
(2) | Member of our Audit Committee and Financial Statements Examination Committee.
(3) | Member of our Compensation Committee. In
September 2023, Col. (Ret.) Channa Caspi announced that she will be stepping down from our board of directors due to personal medical
circumstances. In
October 2023, as part of setting our board of directors to be efficient and effective, we followed Institutional Shareholder Services
guidelines, thereby announcing that Mr. Igal Rotem and Mr. Amit Dror will be stepping down from our board of directors effective immediately
as part of a planned transition. At the same time, Mr. Amit Dror also resigned from his position as our Customer Success Officer. In
December 2023, we terminated our employment agreement with Mr. Hanan Gino, who served as our Chief Product Officer and Head of Technology
M&A since April 2021. In
March 2024, we terminated our employment agreement with Mrs. Yael Sandler, who served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2015
until January 2024. Yoav
Stern, Chief Executive Officer and Director Mr.
Yoav Stern has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2020. Mr. Stern has served as our Chairman of the board of directors
from May 2021 until September 2023, and has continued to serve on the board of directors since then. Mr. Stern has been an investor,
chief executive officer and/or chairman of hi-tech companies. Mr. Stern has led companies in the fields of software and IT, video surveillance,
audio and voice over IP, semiconductors equipment, fiber optics, defense-technologies, communication solutions, aerospace, and homeland
security. Mr. Stern spent most of his business career in the United States, running both public and private companies with global operations
including in United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, India and Singapore. Since 1997, Mr. Stern has also served as the Co-Chairman of Bogen
Communication International and Bogen Corporation, and prior to joining Nano Dimension, from 2011 to 2016, Mr. Stern was the president
and chief executive officer of DVTEL Inc., headquartered in New Jersey, USA. Mr. Stern has a B.Sc. in Mathematics and Computer Science,
a Diploma in Automation and Mechanical Engineering and an M.A. in International Relations from New York University. Mr. Stern is a graduate
of the Israeli Air Force Academy and served as an F-15 Pilot and D. Squadron Commander, as well as the Commander of the Combat Operational
Training Unit of the Israeli Air Force. 39 Tomer
Pinchas, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Mr. Tomer Pinchas has served as our Chief Operating Officer since October
2022. Mr. Pinchas also served as interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2023 until he assumed the role permanently in January 2024.
Mr. Pinchas brings 18 years of global experience in finance, M&A and operations management. He recently served as a Chief Financial
Officer at Kryon Systems Ltd. from March 2018 to August 2022, a global company that offers intelligence robotic process automation for
enterprises digital transformation solution, responsible for all financial management, legal and revenue operations functions. Prior to
joining Kryon Systems Ltd., Mr. Pinchas served as a Chief Financial Officer at myThings Inc. from July 2016 to March 2018, a personalized
retargeting company providing advertisers with display advertisements in real time. Previously, Mr. Pinchas served as a Chief Financial
Officer at DVTel, Inc. from 2007 to 2016, a developer of IP video surveillance solutions, where he led the due diligence, negotiation
and acquisition of DVTel, Inc. by FLIR Systems Inc. Mr. Pinchas’ experience also includes working at top public accounting firms,
including PwC in New York City from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Pinchas is a graduate of the General Management Program at Harvard Business School
and holds a B.A in Accounting and Finance from the College of Management. Nick
Geddes, Chief Technology Officer Mr.
Nick Geddes has served as our Chief Technology Officer since July 2022. Mr. Geddes co-founded GIS in 2006 and served as GIS’s
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer from 2006 through 2021. Mr. Geddes has remained deeply involved in both the technical
and commercial areas of GIS, driving innovative solutions from conception through to product. Prior to GIS, Nick worked as inkjet consultant,
and for six years at USB Investment Bank as a Director in Debt Capital Markets. Nick has a master’s degree from Cambridge University
in Computer Science. Zivi
Nedivi, President Mr.
Zivi Nedivi has served as our President since April 2021. Mr. Nedivi has been the chief executive officer of several technology companies,
including Cyalume Technologies Inc., a world leader in chemical-lighting solutions that manufactures chemiluminescent ammunition and
infra-red devices used by U.S. and NATO military forces as well as law enforcement agencies. He was also the chief operating officer
of Lumenis Ltd., a developer of innovative energy-based technologies. From 1990 to 2005, he was the chief executive officer of Kellstrom
Industries, Inc., an advanced data management company. A graduate of the Israel Air Force Academy, he was a F-15 fighter pilot for seven
years and held the rank of major. Yoav
Nissan-Cohen, Chairman of the Board of Directors Mr.
Yoav Nissan-Cohen has served on our board of directors since December 2022 and has been Chairman of the board of directors since
September 2023. Mr. Nissan-Cohen’s career covers almost 40 years of scientific research, technology development, and executive
management. He worked as a research scientist in General Electric’s Research and Development Center in New York from 1988 to 1991.
In 1991, he joined National Semiconductor, and in 1993 he was one of the founders of Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TLV: TSEM), where he served
as chief executive officer, took the company public on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and built a $1.5 billion advanced semiconductor facility.
Mr. Nissan-Cohen was a venture partner in a large VC fund, and later served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Amimon, Inc.,
a semiconductor company, from 2005 to 2013, providing the only solution for a zero-latency wireless camera link for various medical and
other video applications. Mr. Nissan-Cohen has been an executive board member in Weebit Nano (ASX: WBT) since January 2018, a semiconductor
company developing a new class of semiconductor memory chips, and the chairman of VisionLab Ltd., a company specializing in advanced
vision-based solutions for industrial and military applications, as well as TeraCyte Analytics Ltd., a biotechnology company which developed
a platform for high throughput temporal analysis of live single-cells, with breakthrough applications for research, discovery, and development
of new drugs and therapies. Mr. Nissan-Cohen holds a Ph.D. in physics from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. 40 Simon
Anthony-Fried, Director Mr.
Simon Fried has served on our board of directors since August 2014. Mr. Anthony-Fried is one of our co-founders and served as our
Chief Business Officer from August 2014 until December 2017. In January 2018, Mr. Anthony-Fried relocated to California, and was appointed
as the President of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nano USA. In June 2019, Mr. Anthony-Fried returned to Israel and served as our Chief
Business Officer until December 2019. Mr. Anthony-Fried was a co-founder of Diesse Solutions Ltd., a project management, risk and marketing
consultancy, and served as its chief executive officer from 2004 to 2014. He has worked as a risk management and corporate governance
consultant to the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom and as a senior strategy consultant at Monitor Company, a Boston
based boutique strategy consulting firm from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Anthony-Fried has a background that covers marketing and sales strategy,
management, business development, financial services regulation, fundraising and c-suite consulting. Mr. Anthony-Fried has worked extensively
on global projects in both the B2B and B2C markets driving significant strategic change to global marketing organizations. He also currently
serves as a director of the Milk & Honey Distillery Ltd. Mr. Anthony-Fried holds a B.Sc. in Experimental Psychology from University
College London, an M.Sc. in Judgment and Risk from Oxford University and an M.B.A. from SDA Bocconi in Milan. Michael
X. Garrett, Director Mr.
Garrett has served on our board of directors since October 2023. General Garrett is a retired United States Army four-star general with
nearly 40 years of service, most recently serving as Commanding General, United States Army Forces Command, the largest command in the
U.S. Army, from March 2019 until his retirement in July 2022. General Garrett’s 38-year active military career culminated in three
years commanding U.S. Army Forces Command and its 750,000 combat and support personnel across the United States, from 2019 to 2022. His
earlier command tours include U.S. Army Central and its Army Soldiers serving throughout the Middle East; U.S. Army Alaska; and the U.S.
Army’s first Alaska-based airborne brigade, which Garrett established and deployed into Iraq in the mid-2000s. General Garrett
served nearly 40 years on active duty as an Infantryman, Paratrooper, and Ranger who ultimately rose to the rank of four-star general
as Commander of U.S. Army Forces Command from 2019 to 2022. General Garrett’s military decorations include the Distinguished Service
and Defense Superior Service medals; he is also a Distinguished Member of the 75 th Ranger Regiment. General Garrett is a member
of the board of directors of Textron Inc., First Command Financial Planning, Inc., and Semper Fi & America’s Fund. He is Chairman
of the Board of Commissioners for the American Battle Monuments Commission and serves as an Executive in Residence for Fayetteville State
University. Oded
Gera, Director Mr.
Oded Gera has served on our board of directors since April 2021. Mr. Gera has served as Senior Global Advisor in Rothschild &
Co. Global Advisory from 2018. He is the former Chairman and Founder of Rothschild & Co. in Israel. Mr. Gera has served as Lord Jacob
Rothschild’s Entrepreneur in Residence from 2004 to 2007, as well as an advisor to the board of directors of Robeco Sustainable
Private Equity Fund from 1998 to 2006. Prior to his service at Rothchild & Co., Mr. Gera was the Chief Executive Officer of The Israel
Diamond Exchange, which was subsequently bought by a public company in 1996. Previously, he was the founder and owner of the Oded Gera
fashion house, which became a household name in Israel. Roni
Kleinfeld, Director Mr.
Roni Kleinfeld has served on our board of directors since November 2012. He has over 25 years of experience as a chief executive
officer in public and private companies. He was the chief executive officer of Maariv Holdings Ltd. from 1993 to 2002, the chief
executive officer of Hed Artzi Records Ltd. from 2002 to 2007, the chief executive officer of Maariv- Modiin Publishing House Ltd.
from 2007 to 2010, and the chief executive officer of OMI Ltd. from 2010 to 2011. Mr. Kleinfeld has also served as director of many
companies over the past ten years, including: Excite Ltd. from 2007 to 2011, Makpel Ltd. from 2007 to 2010, Elbit Imaging Ltd.
(Nasdaq: EMITF) since 2010, Elran Ltd. from 2010 to 2016, Dancher Ltd. from 2012 to 2014, Mendelson Ltd. from 2012 to 2016, White
Smoke Ltd. since 2012, Edri – El Ltd. since 2015, Cofix Group Ltd. since 2015, and Luzon Group since 2017. Mr. Kleinfeld has a
B.A. in economics from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. 41 J.
Christopher Moran, Director Mr.
J. Christopher Moran has served on our board of directors since February 2020. Mr. Moran is a Vice-President of Lockheed Martin Corporation
and the Executive Director and General Manager of Lockheed Martin Ventures, the venture capital investment arm of Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Mr. Moran is responsible for leading the corporation’s investments in small technology companies, which support Lockheed Martin’s
strategic business objectives. Prior to joining Lockheed Martin in 2016, and from 1984 to 2016, Mr. Moran served in a variety of increasingly
responsible positions at Applied Materials, Inc. Most recently, Mr. Moran was the head of the Business Systems and Analytics group in
the Applied Global Services Organization. Mr. Moran was with Applied for over 32 years, including as the head of Corporate Strategy and
the General Manager of Applied Ventures LLC, the strategic investing arm of Applied Materials. Mr. Moran is a graduate of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology where he obtained both his Bachelor and master’s degrees in Mechanical Engineering. Family
Relationships There
are no family relationships between any members of our executive management and our directors. Arrangements
for Election of Directors and Members of Management There
are no arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which any of our executive
management or our directors were selected. B.
Compensation The
following table presents in the aggregate all compensation we paid to all of our directors and senior management as a group for the year
ended December 31, 2023. The table does not include any amounts we paid to reimburse any of such persons for costs incurred in providing
us with services during this period. All
amounts reported in the tables below reflect the cost to the Company, in thousands of U.S. dollars, for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Amounts paid in NIS are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of NIS 3.627 = U.S. dollar 1.00, and amounts paid in GBP are translated
into U.S. dollars at the rate of GBP 0.785 = U.S. dollar 1.00 based on the rate of exchange as reported by the Bank of Israel on December
29, 2023. Salary and Related Benefits, including Pension, Retirement and Other Similar Benefits | Share-Based Compensation
All directors and senior management as a group, consisting of 16 persons | $ | 5,126 | $ | 7,100 (1) | Includes Mrs. Yael Sandler, who was terminated from her position as our Chief Financial Officer in March 2024, Mr. Amit Dror, who resigned from his position as Chief Customer Success Officer in October 2023, and Mr. Hanan Gino, who was terminated from his position as our Chief Product Officer and Head of M&A in December 2023. 42 In
accordance with the Companies Law, the table below reflects the compensation granted to our five most highly compensated officers and
directors during or with respect to the year ended December 31, 2023. Annual
Compensation- in thousands of U.S. dollars – Convenience Translation (*) Executive Officers and Directors | Salary and Related Benefits, including Pension, Retirement and Other Similar Benefits | Share-Based Compensation (1) | Total
Yoav Stern | $ | 1,125 | $ | — | $ | 1,125
Zivi Nedivi | $ | 545 | $ | 2,665 | $ | 3,210
Nick Geddes | $ | 1,064 | $ | 1,172 | $ | 2,236
Hanan Gino | $ | 390 | $ | 1,588 | $ | 1,978
Tomer Pinchas | $ | 414 | $ | 1,004 | $ | 1,418 (*) | Using the exchange rate as of December 29, 2023, which was 3.627 (NIS/USD) and 0.785 (GBP/USD) (1) | Computed based on Black-Scholes-Merton formula, binomial pricing model or Monte Carlo simulations. Employment
and Services Agreements with Executive Officers We
have entered into written employment or services agreements with each of our executive officers. All of these agreements contain customary
provisions regarding noncompetition, confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. However, the enforceability of the
noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. In addition, we have entered into agreements with each executive officer
and director pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify each of them up to a certain amount and to the extent that these liabilities
are not covered by directors’ and officers’ insurance. Some members of our senior management are eligible for bonuses each
year. The bonuses are payable upon meeting objectives and targets that are set by our chief executive officer, and by our board of directors
for our chief executive officer, and approved annually according to the Companies Law requirements. For a description of the terms of our options and option plan, see
“Item 6.E. Share Ownership” below. Directors’
Service Contracts We currently do not have written
agreements with any director providing for benefits upon the termination of his employment with our company. C.
Board Practices Introduction Our
board of directors presently consists of seven members. We believe that Messrs. Nissan-Cohen, Fried, Garrett, Gera, Kleinfeld, and Moran,
are “independent” for purposes of Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Our amended and restated articles of association provides that
the number of board of directors’ members shall be set by the general meeting of the shareholders provided that it will consist
of not less than three and not more than twelve members. Pursuant to the Companies Law, the supervision of the management of our business
is vested in our board of directors. Our board of directors may exercise all powers and may take all actions that are not specifically
granted to our shareholders or to management. Our executive officers are responsible for our day-to-day management and have individual
responsibilities established by our board of directors. Pursuant to the Companies Law, our Chief Executive Officer is appointed by, and
serves at the discretion of, our board of directors. 43 Mr. Yoav Stern has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 20,
2020, and has been compensated in accordance with the terms of an agreement, or the Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement,
approved by our shareholders on July 7, 2020, by and between the Company and Mr. Yoav Stern, through his fully owned entity, DoubleShore
Inc. The term of Mr. Stern’s agreement was for a period of three years and was set to expire on December 31, 2022. On December 19
and 20, 2022, our compensation committee and board of directors, respectively, approved the renewal of Mr. Stern’s agreement as
of January 1, 2023 and until the next general meeting of shareholders. The renewed agreement was approved in accordance the Companies
Law exemptions regarding interested party transactions (regulation 1B4), according to which, the compensation committee and the board
of directors may decide to renew the engagement with its Chief Executive Officer or Director in terms which are not materially different
from his/her previous terms or in terms which are not favorable compared to the previous engagement, provided in any case that they adhere
with our compensation policy. On September 7, 2023, a general meeting of shareholders was held and Mr. Stern’s agreement expired
and all payments due to Mr. Stern in connection therewith were made. Since September 7, 2023, Mr. Stern has received no compensation for
his ongoing services and there is no certainty when Mr. Stern shall have an approved compensatory arrangement with the Company for his
services, if at all. Per the approval of our compensation committee and board of directors, the Company pays for expenses incurred in
connection with Mr. Stern’s role as our Chief Executive Officer. All
other executive officers are appointed by our Chief Executive Officer. If the executive officers are also officer holders as defined
under the Companies Law, their terms of employment are subject to the approval of the compensation committee and the board of directors,
and if such terms of employment are not consistent with our compensation policy, then such terms require the approval of our shareholders. Our
directors (other than the external directors, when applicable) are divided into three classes that are each elected at the third annual
general meeting of our shareholders, in a staggered fashion (such that one class is elected each annual general meeting), and serve on
our board of directors unless they are removed by a vote of 70% of the total voting power of our shareholders at a general meeting of
our shareholders or upon the occurrence of certain events, in accordance with the Companies Law and our amended and restated articles
of association. In
addition, our amended and restated articles of association allow our board of directors to appoint directors to fill vacancies on our
board of directors or in addition to the acting directors (subject to the limitation on the number of directors), for the remaining period
of time during which the director whose service has ended was filled would have held office, or in case of a vacancy due to the number
of directors serving being less than the maximum number pursuant to Article 38 to our amended and restated articles of association. Under
the Companies Law, nominations for directors may be made by any shareholder holding at least one percent of our outstanding voting power.
However, any such shareholder may make such a nomination only if a written notice of such shareholder’s intent to make such nomination
has been given to our board of directors. Any such notice must include certain information, the consent of the proposed director nominee(s)
to serve as our director(s) if elected and a declaration signed by the nominee(s) declaring that there is no limitation under the Companies
Law preventing their election and that all of the information that is required to be provided to us in connection with such election
under the Companies Law and our amended and restated articles of association has been provided. However, under new exemptions applicable as of March 12, 2024, generally
referred to as the New Exemptions, one or more shareholders of an Israeli company whose shares are listed outside of Israel (e.g. Nasdaq),
may request its company’s board of directors to include an appointment of a candidate for a position on the board of directors or
the termination of a board member as an item on the agenda of a future general meeting, provided that the shareholder hold at least five
percent of the voting rights of the company, instead of the one percent required in the past. The decision whether to include the suggested
item on the agenda is subject to the Company’s discretion, under the provisions of the Companies Law. 44 Under
the Companies Law, our board of directors must determine the minimum number of directors who are required to have accounting and financial
expertise. In determining the number of directors required to have such expertise, our board of directors must consider, among other
things, the type and size of the company and the scope and complexity of its operations. Our board of directors has determined that the
minimum number of directors of our company who are required to have accounting and financial expertise is two. The board of directors may elect one director to serve as the chairman
of the board of directors to preside at the meetings of the board of directors, and may also remove that director as chairman. Pursuant
to the Companies Law, neither the chief executive officer nor any of his or her relatives is permitted to serve as the chairman of the
board of directors, and a company may not vest the chairman or any of his or her relatives with the chief executive officer’s authorities.
In addition, a person who reports, directly or indirectly, to the chief executive officer may not serve as the chairman of the board of
directors; the chairman may not be vested with authorities of a person who reports, directly or indirectly, to the chief executive officer;
and the chairman may not serve in any other position in the company or a controlled company, but he or she may serve as a director or
chairman of a controlled company. However, the Companies Law permits a company’s shareholders to determine, for a period not exceeding
three years from each such determination, that the chairman or his or her relative may serve as chief executive officer or be vested with
the chief executive officer’s authorities, and that the chief executive officer or his or her relative may serve as chairman or
be vested with the chairman’s authorities. Such determination of a company’s shareholders requires either: (1) the approval
of at least two-thirds of the shares of those shareholders present and voting on the matter (other than controlling shareholders and those
having a personal interest in the determination); or (2) that the total number of shares opposing such determination does not exceed 2%
of the total voting power in the company (“special majority”). On May 25, 2021, our shareholders approved in a special majority
that Mr. Stern will serve as the chairman and the chief executive officer for a period of three years. On September 15, 2023, we announced
that Mr. Yoav Nissan-Cohen was appointed to serve as the chairman of our board of directors, while Mr. Stern continues to serve as our
chief executive officer and director. The
board of directors may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, delegate any or all of its powers to committees of the board,
and it may, from time to time, revoke such delegation or alter the composition of any such committees, subject to certain limitations.
Unless otherwise expressly provided by the board of directors, the committees shall not be empowered to further delegate such powers.
The composition and duties of our audit committee, financial statement examination committee and compensation committee are described
below. The
board of directors oversees how management monitors compliance with our risk management policies and procedures, and reviews the adequacy
of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by us. The board of directors is assisted in its oversight role by an
internal auditor. The internal auditor undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results
of which are reported to our audit committee. External
Directors Under
the Companies Law, except as provided below, companies incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel that are publicly traded, including
Israeli companies with shares listed on the Nasdaq, are required to appoint at least two external directors who meet the qualification
requirements set forth in the Companies Law. The definitions of an external director under the Companies Law and independent director
under Nasdaq Stock Market rules are similar such that it would generally be expected that the external directors will also comply with
the independence requirement under Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Pursuant
to regulations under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a company such as us is not required to have external directors if:
(i) the company does not have a controlling shareholder (as such term is defined in the Companies Law); (ii) a majority of the directors
serving on the board of directors are “independent,” as defined under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2); and (iii) the company follows
Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(1), which requires that the nomination of directors be made, or recommended to the board of directors, by a Nominating
Committee of the board of directors consisting solely of independent directors, or by a majority of independent directors. The Company
meets all these requirements. On November 20, 2017, our board of directors resolved to adopt the corporate governance exemption set forth
above, and accordingly we no longer have external directors as members of our board of directors. 45 Fiduciary
Duties of Office Holders The
Companies Law imposes a duty of care and a duty of loyalty on all office holders of a company. The
term “office holder” is defined in the Companies Law as a general manager, chief business manager, deputy general manager,
vice general manager, any other person assuming the responsibilities of any of these positions regardless of that person’s title,
a director and any other manager directly subordinate to the general manager. The
duty of care requires an office holder to act with the level of skill with which a reasonable office holder in the same position would
have acted under the same circumstances. The duty of care of an office holder includes a duty to use reasonable means to obtain: ● | information on the advisability of a given action brought for his or her approval or performed by him or her by virtue of his or her position; and ● | all other important information pertaining to these actions. The
duty of loyalty of an office holder requires an office holder to act in good faith and for the benefit of the company, and includes a
duty to: ● | refrain from any conflict of interest between the performance of his or her duties in the company and his performance of his other duties or personal affairs; ● | refrain from any action that constitutes competition with the company’s business; ● | refrain from exploiting any business opportunity of the company to receive a personal gain for himself or herself or others; and ● | disclose to the company any information or documents relating to the company’s affairs which the office holder has received due to his or her position as an office holder. Approval
of Related Party Transaction under Israeli Law General Under
the Companies Law, we may approve an action by an office holder from which the office holder would otherwise have to refrain, as described
above, if: ● | the office holder acts in good faith and the act or its approval does not cause harm to the company; and ● | the office holder disclosed the nature of his or her interest in the transaction (including any significant fact or document) to the company at a reasonable time before the company’s approval of such matter. 46 Disclosure
of Personal Interests of an Office Holder The
Companies Law requires that an office holder disclose to the company, promptly, and, in any event, not later than the board meeting at
which the transaction is first discussed, any direct or indirect personal interest that he or she may have and all related material information
known to him or her relating to any existing or proposed transaction by the company. If the transaction is an extraordinary transaction,
the office holder must also disclose any personal interest held by: ● | the office holder’s relatives; or ● | any corporation in which the office holder or his or her relatives holds 5% or more of the shares or voting rights, serves as a director or general manager or has the right to appoint at least one director or the general manager. An office holder is not, however, obliged to disclose a personal interest
if it derives solely from the personal interest of his or her relative in a transaction that is not considered an extraordinary transaction.
Under the Companies Law, an extraordinary transaction is a transaction: ● | not in the ordinary course of business; ● | not on market terms; or ● | that is likely to have a material effect on the company’s profitability, assets or liabilities. The
Companies Law does not specify to whom within us nor the manner in which required disclosures are to be made. We require our office holders
to make such disclosures to our board of directors. Under
the Companies Law, once an office holder complies with the above disclosure requirement, the board of directors may approve a transaction
between the company and an office holder, or a third party in which an office holder has a personal interest, unless the articles of
association provide otherwise and provided that the transaction is not detrimental to the company’s interest. If the transaction
is an extraordinary transaction, first the audit committee and then the board of directors, in that order, must approve the transaction.
Under specific circumstances, shareholder approval may also be required. A director who has a personal interest in an extraordinary transaction,
which is considered at a meeting of the board of directors or the audit committee, may not be present at this meeting or vote on this
matter, unless a majority of the board of directors or the audit committee, as the case may be, has a personal interest. If a majority
of the board of directors has a personal interest, then shareholder approval is generally also required. Under
the Companies Law, all arrangements as to compensation of office holders require approval of the compensation committee and board of
directors, and compensation of office holders who are the Chief Executive Officer or directors must also be approved, subject to certain
exceptions, by the shareholders, by a special majority, in that order. Disclosure
of Personal Interests of a Controlling Shareholder Under
the Companies Law, the disclosure requirements that apply to an office holder also apply to a controlling shareholder of a public company.
Extraordinary transactions with a controlling shareholder or in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest, including a
private placement in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest, as well as transactions for the provision of services whether
directly or indirectly by a controlling shareholder or his or her relative, or a company such controlling shareholder controls, and transactions
concerning the terms of engagement of a controlling shareholder or a controlling shareholder’s relative, whether as an office holder
or an employee, require the approval of the audit committee or the compensation committee, as the case may be, the board of directors
and a majority of the shares voted by the shareholders of the company participating and voting on the matter in a shareholders’
meeting. In addition, the shareholder approval must fulfill one of the following requirements: ● | at least a majority of the shares held by shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction and are voting at the meeting must be voted in favor of approving the transaction, excluding abstentions; or ● | the shares voted by shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction who vote against the transaction represent no more than 2% of the voting rights in the company. 47 In
addition, any extraordinary transaction with a controlling shareholder or in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest
with a term of more than three years requires the above mentioned approval every three years; however, such transactions not involving
the receipt of services or compensation can be approved for a longer term, provided that the audit committee determines that such longer
term is reasonable under the circumstances. Under the Companies Law regulations, subject to certain terms, such transactions can be extended
or approved after three years only by the audit committee and the Board. The
Companies Law requires that every shareholder that participates, in person, by proxy or by voting instrument, in a vote regarding a transaction
with a controlling shareholder, must indicate in advance or in the ballot whether or not that shareholder has a personal interest in
the vote in question. Failure to so indicate will result in the invalidation of that shareholder’s vote. The
term “controlling shareholder” is defined in the Companies Law as a shareholder with the ability to direct the activities
of the company, other than by virtue of being an office holder. A shareholder is presumed to be a controlling shareholder if the shareholder
holds 50% or more of the voting rights in a company or has the right to appoint the majority of the directors of the company or its general
manager. In certain related party transactions, a shareholder who holds 25% or more of the voting rights at the general meeting of the
company will be referred to as the “controlling shareholder”, if no other shareholder holds more than 50% of the voting rights
in the company. Duties
of Shareholders Under
the Companies Law, a shareholder has a duty to refrain from abusing its power in the company and to act in good faith and in an acceptable
manner in exercising its rights and performing its obligations to the company and other shareholders, including, among other things,
voting at general meetings of shareholders on the following matters: ● | amendment of the articles of association; ● | increase in the company’s authorized share capital; ● | merger; and ● | the approval of related party transactions and acts of office holders that require shareholder approval. A
shareholder also has a general duty to refrain from oppressing other shareholders. The remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also
apply to a breach of the above-mentioned duties, and in the event of oppression of other shareholders, additional remedies are available
to the injured shareholder. In
addition, any controlling shareholder, any shareholder that knows that its vote can determine the outcome of a shareholder vote and any
shareholder that, under a company’s articles of association, has the power to appoint or prevent the appointment of an office holder,
or has another power with respect to a company, is under a duty to act with fairness towards the company. The Companies Law does not
describe the substance of this duty except to state that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also apply in
the event of a breach of the duty to act with fairness, taking the shareholder’s position in the company into account. 48 Committees
of the Board of Directors Our
board of directors has established seven standing committees, the audit committee (which also acts as the Financial Statements committee),
the compensation committee, the independent committee, the strategy committee, the M&A and operation committee, the litigation –
proxy fight committee and the ESG committee. Audit
Committee Under
the Companies Law, we are required to appoint an audit committee. Our audit committee, acting pursuant to a written charter, is comprised
of Messrs. Gera, Moran and Kleinfeld. Our
audit committee acts as a committee for review of our financial statements as required under the Companies Law, and in such capacity
oversees and monitors our accounting; financial reporting processes and controls; audits of the financial statements; compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters; the independent registered public accounting
firm’s qualifications, independence and performance; and provides the board of directors with reports on the foregoing. Under
the Companies Law, our audit committee is responsible for: i. | determining whether there are deficiencies in the business management practices of our company, and making recommendations to the board of directors to improve such practices; ii. | determining whether to approve certain related party transactions (including transactions in which an office holder has a personal interest and whether such transaction is extraordinary or material under Companies Law) (see “Item 7.B. Approval of Related Party Transactions under Israeli Law”); iii. | examining our internal controls and internal auditor’s performance, including whether the internal auditor has sufficient resources and tools to dispose of its responsibilities; iv. | examining the scope of our auditor’s work and compensation and submitting a recommendation with respect thereto to our board of directors or shareholders, depending on which of them is considering the appointment of our auditor; and v. | establishing procedures for the handling of employees’ complaints as to the management of our business and the protection to be provided to such employees. Our
audit committee may not conduct any discussions or approve any actions requiring its approval (see “Item 7.B. Approval of Related
Party Transactions under Israeli Law”), unless at the time of the approval a majority of the committee’s members are present. Nasdaq
Stock Market Requirements for Audit Committee Under
the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, we are required to maintain an audit committee consisting of at least three members, all of whom are independent
and are financially literate and one of whom has accounting or related financial management expertise. As noted above, the members of our audit committee include Mr. Kleinfeld,
Mr. Moran and Mr. Gera, each of whom is “independent,” as such term is defined in under Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Mr. Gera
serves as the chairman of our audit committee. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the
Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Our board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee is an audit committee financial
expert as defined by the SEC rules and has the requisite financial experience as defined by the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. 49 Financial
Statement Examination Committee Under
the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company in Israel must appoint a financial statement examination committee, which
consists of members with accounting and financial expertise or the ability to read and understand financial statements. According to
a resolution of our board of directors, the audit committee has been assigned the responsibilities and duties of a financial statement
examination committee, as permitted under relevant regulations promulgated under the Companies Law. The function of a financial statement
examination committee is to discuss and provide recommendations to its board of directors (including the report of any deficiency found)
with respect to the following issues: (1) estimations and assessments made in connection with the preparation of financial statements;
(2) internal controls related to the financial statements; (3) completeness and propriety of the disclosure in the financial statements;
(4) the accounting policies adopted and the accounting treatments implemented in material matters of the company; and (5) value evaluations,
including the assumptions and assessments on which evaluations are based and the supporting data in the financial statements. Our independent
registered public accounting firm and our internal auditor are invited to attend all meetings of the audit committee when it is acting
in the role of the financial statement examination committee. Compensation
Committee Under
the Companies Law, the board of directors of any public company must establish a compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq rules, we are
required to maintain a compensation committee consisting entirely of independent directors (or the determination of such compensation
solely by the independent members of our board of directors). Our compensation committee is acting pursuant to a written charter,
and consists of Messrs. Gera, Moran and Kleinfeld, each of whom is “independent,” as such term is defined under Nasdaq rules.
Our compensation committee complies with the provisions of the Companies Law, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and our amended
and restated articles of association. Our compensation committee also complies with committee membership and charter requirements prescribed
under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Our
compensation committee reviews and recommends to our board of directors: (1) the annual base compensation of our office holders and directors;
(2) annual incentive bonus plans, including the specific goals and amount; (3) equity compensation; (4) employment agreements, severance
arrangements, and change in control agreements/provisions; (5) retirement grants and/or retirement bonuses; and (6) any other benefits,
compensation, compensation policies or arrangements. The
duties of the compensation committee include the recommendation to the company’s board of directors of a policy regarding the terms
of engagement of office holders, to which we refer as a compensation policy. That policy must be adopted by the company’s board
of directors, after considering the recommendations of the compensation committee. The compensation policy is then brought for approval
by our shareholders. On December 26, 2018, our shareholders approved our compensation policy, which was further approved on July 7, 2020,
for three more years. In June 2022, our shareholders approved our amended compensation policy. The amended compensation policy provided,
among other things, for annual restricted share units grants for our non-executive board members and one-time grants for new non-executive
directors appointed by our board of directors or elected by annual general meeting of our shareholders. The
compensation policy must serve as the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or engagement of office holders
and directors, including exculpation, insurance, indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of employment
or engagement. The compensation policy must relate to certain factors, including advancement of the company’s objectives, the company’s
business and its long-term strategy, and creation of appropriate incentives for executives. It must also consider, among other things,
the company’s risk management, size and the nature of its operations. The compensation policy must furthermore consider the following
additional factors: ● | the knowledge, skills, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant director or executive; ● | the director’s or executive’s roles and responsibilities and prior compensation agreements with him or her; 50 ● | the relationship between the terms offered and the average and median compensation of the other employees of the company; ● | the impact of disparities in salary upon work relationships in the company; ● | the possibility of reducing variable compensation at the discretion of the board of directors; and the possibility of setting a limit on the exercise value of non-cash variable compensation; and ● | as to severance compensation, the period of service of the director or executive, the terms of his or her compensation during such service period, the company’s performance during that period of service, the person’s contribution towards the company’s achievement of its goals and the maximization of its profits, and the circumstances under which the person is leaving the company. The
compensation policy must also include the following principles: ● | the link between variable compensation and long-term performance and measurable criteria; ● | the relationship between variable and fixed compensation, and the ceiling for the value of variable compensation; ● | the conditions under which a director or executive would be required to repay compensation paid to him or her if it was later shown that the data upon which such compensation was based was inaccurate and was required to be restated in the company’s financial statements; ● | the minimum holding or vesting period for variable, equity-based compensation; and ● | maximum limits for severance compensation. The
compensation policy must also consider appropriate incentives from a long-term perspective and maximum limits for severance compensation. The
compensation committee is responsible for (1) recommending the compensation policy to a company’s board of directors for its approval
(and subsequent approval by our shareholders); (2) administration of the Company’s clawback policy; and (3) duties related to the
compensation policy and to the compensation of a company’s office holders as well as functions previously fulfilled by a company’s
audit committee with respect to matters related to approval of the terms of engagement of office holders, including: ● | recommending whether a compensation policy should continue in effect, if the then-current policy has a term of greater than three years (approval of either a new compensation policy or the continuation of an existing compensation policy must in any case occur every three years); ● | recommending to the board of directors periodic updates to the compensation policy; ● | assessing implementation of the compensation policy; and ● | determining whether the compensation terms of the chief executive officer of the company need not be brought to approval of the shareholders. 51 Nasdaq
Stock Market Requirements for Compensation Committee Under
Nasdaq rules, we are required to maintain a compensation committee consisting of at least two members, all of whom are independent. In
addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on the compensation committee of a board of directors,
the board of directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director has a relationship to the company
which is material to that director’s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation
committee member. As
noted above, the members of our compensation committee include Messrs. Moran, Gera and Kleinfeld, each of whom is “independent,”
as such term is defined under Nasdaq rules. Mr. Oded Gera serves as the chairman of our compensation committee. Internal
Auditor Under
the Companies Law, the board of directors must also appoint an internal auditor nominated by the audit committee. Our internal auditor
is Yisrael Gewirtz from Fahn Kanne Control Management Ltd. Grant Thornton Israel. The role of the internal auditor is to examine whether
a company’s actions comply with the law and proper business procedure. The internal auditor may not be an interested party or office
holder, or a relative of any interested party or office holder, and may not be a member of the company’s independent accounting
firm or its representative. The Companies Law defines an interested party as a holder of 5% or more of the shares or voting rights of
a company, any person or entity that has the right to nominate or appoint at least one director or the general manager of the company
or any person who serves as a director or as the general manager of a company. Our internal auditor is not our employee, but the managing
partner of a firm which specializes in internal auditing. Remuneration
of Directors Under
the Companies Law, remuneration of directors is subject to the approval of the compensation committee, thereafter by the board of directors
and thereafter by the general meeting of the shareholders. If the remuneration of the directors is in accordance with the regulations
applicable to remuneration of the external directors, if any, then such remuneration shall be exempt from the approval of the general
meeting of the shareholders. Insurance Under
the Companies Law, a company may, if specified in its articles of association, obtain insurance for any of its office holders for: ● | a breach of duty of care to the company or to any other person; ● | a breach of duty of loyalty to the company, provided that the office holder acted in good faith and had reasonable grounds to assume that the act that resulted in such breach would not prejudice the interests of the company; and ● | a financial liability imposed on such office holder in favor of any other person. Our
amended and restated articles of association also allow us to obtain insurance for any of our officer holders for any other event, occurrence,
matter or circumstance under any law with respect to which the Company may, or will be able to, insure an office holder, and to the extent
such law requires the inclusion of a provision permitting such insurance in our amended and restated articles of association, then such
provision shall be deemed to be included in our amended and restated articles of association (including, without limitation, in accordance
with Section 56h(b)(1) of the Israeli Securities Law, if and to the extent applicable, and Section 50P of the Israeli Economic Competition
Law). We
currently have directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, providing total coverage of $30 million for the benefit of all
of our directors and officers, in respect of which we paid a twelve-month premium of $733,340, which expires on November 4, 2024. 52 Indemnification Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may retroactively indemnify an office holder of the Company, if specified in its
articles of association, with respect to the following liabilities and expenses, provided that such liabilities or expenses were imposed
on such office holder or incurred by such office holder due to an act performed by or an omission of the office holder in such office
holder’s capacity as an office holder of the Company: i. | financial liability imposed on an office holder in favor of another person by any court judgment, including a judgment given as a result of a settlement or an arbitrator’s award which has been confirmed by a court in respect of an act performed by the office holder; ii. | reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, expended by the office holder as a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, or in connection with a financial sanction, provided that (1) no indictment (as defined in the Companies Law) was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (2) no financial liability in lieu of a criminal proceeding (as defined in the Companies Law) was imposed upon him or her as a result of such investigation or proceeding or if such financial liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and iii. | reasonable litigation costs, including attorney’s fees, expended by an office holder or which were imposed on an office holder by a court in proceedings filed against the office holder by the Company or in its name or by any other person or in a criminal charge in respect of which the office holder was acquitted or in a criminal charge in respect of which the office holder was convicted for an offense which did not require proof of criminal intent. iv. | any other event, occurrence, matter or circumstance under any law with respect to which the Company may, or will be able to, insure an office holder, and to the extent such law requires the inclusion of a provision permitting such insurance in our amended and restated articles of association, then such provision shall be deemed to be included and incorporated in our amended and restated articles of association (including, without limitation, in accordance with Section 56h(b)(1) of the Israeli Securities Law, if and to the extent applicable, and Section 50P of the Israeli Economic Competition Law). Our
amended and restated articles of association allow us to indemnify our office holders up to a certain amount. The Companies Law also
permits a company to undertake in advance to indemnify an office holder, provided that if such indemnification relates to financial liability
imposed on him or her, as described above, then the undertaking should be limited to sub-sections i to iii described above, and to sub-section
iv described above, provided that: ● | the undertaking to indemnify is limited to such events which our board of directors shall deem to be likely to occur in light of the operations of the Company at the time that the undertaking to indemnify is made and for such amounts or criterion which our directors may, at the time of the giving of such undertaking to indemnify, deem to be reasonable under the circumstances; and ● | the undertaking to indemnify shall set forth such events which our directors shall deem to be likely to occur in light of the operations of the Company at the time that the undertaking to indemnify is made, and the amounts and/or criterion which our directors may, at the time of the giving of such undertaking to indemnify, deem to be reasonable under the circumstances. 53 We
have entered into indemnification agreements with all of our directors and with certain members of our senior management. Each such indemnification
agreement provides the office holder with indemnification permitted under applicable law and up to a certain amount, and to the extent
that these liabilities are not covered by directors’ and officers’ insurance. Exemption Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Law and the Securities Law, the Company may exempt and release, in advance, if specified in its articles
of association, any office holder from any liability to the Company for damages arising out of a breach of the office holder’s
duty of care towards the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may not exempt its directors in advance from his liability for damages with respect to violation of his duty
of care to the Company with respect to distributions. In addition, the Company may not exempt an office holder from his liability to
the Company with regard to a resolution and/or a transaction in which the controlling shareholder and/or any office holder has a personal
interest. Limitations The
Companies Law provides that we may not exculpate or indemnify an office holder nor enter into an insurance contract that would provide
coverage for any liability incurred as a result of any of the following: (1) a breach by the office holder of his or her duty of loyalty
unless (in the case of indemnity or insurance only, but not exculpation) the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis
to believe that the act would not prejudice us; (2) a breach by the office holder of his or her duty of care if the breach was carried
out intentionally or recklessly (as opposed to merely negligently); (3) any action taken with the intent to derive an illegal personal
benefit; or (4) any fine levied against the office holder. The
foregoing descriptions summarize the material aspects and practices of our board of directors. For additional details, we also refer
you to the full text of the Companies Law, as well as of our amended and restated articles of association, which are exhibits to this
annual report on Form 20-F and are incorporated herein by reference. There
are no service contracts between us or our subsidiaries, on the one hand, and our directors in their capacity as directors, on the other
hand, providing for benefits upon termination of service. Special
General Meeting of Shareholders by Murchinson In
January 2023, Murchinson Ltd., or Murchinson (which is an advisor or sub-advisor of one of our major ADS holders), submitted a request
to our board of directors for us to convene a special general shareholders meeting which would include certain amendments to our amended
and restated articles of association as well as removal of four currently serving directors – Mr. Stern, Mr. Gera, Mr. Rotem and
Mr. Nissan-Cohen- and appointment of two new director nominees, proposed by Murchinson. After careful consideration, our board of directors
rejected Murchinson’s request because it failed to comply with requirements under laws and regulations in Israel and the United
States, as well as with our amended and restated articles of association. In
March 2023, despite our rejection, Murchinson conducted an illegal shareholders meeting. Due to the illegality of the shareholders meeting,
our board of directors does not recognize the results of this shareholders meeting. On
September 7, 2023, we convened an Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, or the AGM. At the AGM, our shareholders approved the re-election
of a slate of nominees, comprised of the following individuals, together constituting the Nano Slate, as Class III directors until the
third annual general meeting of shareholders following such re-election and until he or she ceases to serve in office in accordance with
the provisions of the Company’s articles of association or any law, whichever is the earlier: Yoav Nissan Cohen, Oded Gera and
Col. (Res.) Channa (Hanny) Caspi; The shareholders further approved an amendment to article 42 of our amended and restated articles of
association and rejected a proposal to amend same put forth by Murchinson. The shareholders further rejected proposals put forth by Murchinson
to remove Mr. Stern, Mr. Dror, Mr. Anthony-Fried, Mr. Moran, and Mr. Kleinfeld from the board of directors. Under the New Exemptions,
one or more shareholders of an Israeli company whose shares are listed outside of Israel may request its company’s board of directors
to include an appointment of a candidate for a position on the board of directors or the termination of a board member as an item on the
agenda of a future general meeting, provided that the shareholder hold at least five percent of the voting rights of the company, instead
of the one percent required in the past. The decision whether to include the suggested item on the agenda is subject to the Company’s
discretion, under the provisions of the Companies Law. Moreover, under the New Exemptions, the board of directors of an Israeli
company whose shares are listed outside of Israel shall convene a special meeting at the request of one or more shareholders holding at
least 10 percent of the issued and outstanding share capital, instead of five percent as required in the past, or the Non Exempted Holding,
and at least one percent of the voting rights in the company, or one or more shareholders holding at least 10 percent of the voting rights
in the company, provided that if the applicable law as applicable to companies incorporated in the country which the Company is listed
for trade, establishes a right to demand convening of such a meeting for those holding a percentage of holdings lower than 10 percent
, then the Non Exempted Holding shall apply. 54 D.
Employees. As of December 31, 2021,
we had seven senior management, full-time employees, two of whom also served as directors in our Company. In addition, we had 338 employees.
Ten employees were located in Hong Kong, and China, 95 employees were located in Europe, 31 employees were located in the United States
and the rest were located in Israel. As of December 31, 2022,
we had 11 senior management, full-time employees, one of whom also served as a director in our Company. In addition, we had 553 employees.
Eleven employees were located in Asia Pacific, 228 employees were located in Europe, 40 employees were located in the United States and
the rest were located in Israel As of December 31, 2023, we had 10 senior management, full-time employees,
one of whom also served as a director in our Company. In addition, we had 509 employees. Three employees were located in Asia Pacific,
243 employees were located in Europe, 24 employees were located in the United States and the rest were located in Israel. In
October 2023 our board of directors approved, as part of a reorganization plan in several departments of the Company, the termination
of certain Company employees worldwide, with preferable terms. None
of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good relations
with all of our employees. However, in Israel, we are subject to certain Israeli labor laws, regulations and national labor court precedent
rulings, as well as certain provisions of collective bargaining agreements applicable to us by virtue of extension orders issued in accordance
with relevant labor laws by the Israeli Ministry of Economy and which apply such agreement provisions to our employees even though they
are not part of a union that has signed a collective bargaining agreement. E.
Share Ownership. The following table lists
as of March 15, 2024, the number of our shares beneficially owned by each of our directors, our executive officers and our directors
and executive officers as a group: Number of Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned (1) | Percent of Class (2)
Executive Officers and Directors
Yoav Stern | 32,355,893 | (3) | 12.9 | %
Tomer Pinchas | 166,667 | (4) | *
Nick Geddes | 350,000 | (5) | *
Zivi Nedivi | 485,715 | (6) | *
Yoav Nissan-Cohen | 13,333 | (7) | *
Simon Anthony-Fried | 45,710 | (8) | *
Michael X. Garrett | — | (9) | —
Oded Gera | 15,916 | (10) | *
Roni Kleinfeld | 8,378 | (11) | *
J. Christopher Moran | 51,249 | (12) | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons) | 33,492,861 | 13.5 | % * | Less than 1%. (1) | Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Ordinary Shares relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable or RSUs vesting within 60 days of the date of this table are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 55 (2) | The percentages shown are based on 221,368,434 Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2024, (which excludes shares purchased under our repurchase plan), plus Ordinary Shares relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table, which are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. (3) | Mr. Stern holds 27,742,103 Series B warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $6.16 per share exercisable within 60 days. Stern YOI Ltd. Partnership is a Nevada limited partnership. Mr. Stern is a managing member of Stern YOI Ltd. Partnership. In addition, Mr. Stern holds 4,613,790 Ordinary Shares. (4) | Mr. Pinchas holds 783,333 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Pinchas holds 166,667 Ordinary Shares. (5) | Mr. Geddes holds exercisable options to purchase 200,000 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $3.79 per share. In addition, Mr. Geddes holds options to purchase 200,000 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $3.79 per share that are not exercisable within 60 days, and 850,000 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Geddes holds 150,000 Ordinary Shares. (6) | Mr. Nedivi holds 1,314,285 unvested RSUs and an unvested option to purchase 1,000,000 Ordinary Shares at varied exercise prices that are not exercisable within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Nedivi holds 485,715 Ordinary Shares. (7) | Mr. Nissan-Cohen holds 92,667 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Nissan-Cohen holds 13,333 Ordinary Shares. (8) | Mr. Anthony-Fried holds options to purchase 1,666 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $80.11 per share, and options to purchase 35,000 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.70 per share that are exercisable within 60 days, and 9,044 Ordinary Shares. In addition, Mr. Anthony-Fried holds 51,136 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. (9) | Mr. Garrett holds 30,000 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. (10) | Mr. Gera holds 62,084 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Gera holds 15,916 Ordinary Shares. (11) | Mr. Kleinfeld holds 49,802 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Kleinfeld holds 8,378 Ordinary Shares. (12) | Mr. Moran holds options to purchase 35,000 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.70 per share, and options to purchase 11,916 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $9.33 per share that are exercisable within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Moran holds options to purchase 1,084 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $9.33 per share and 37,667 RSUs that do not vest within 60 days. In addition, Mr. Moran holds 4,333 Ordinary Shares. 2015
Stock Option Plan We
maintain one equity incentive plan – our Employee Stock Option Plan (2015), or the 2015 Plan. As of March 15, 2024, the number
of Ordinary Shares reserved for the exercise of options granted under the plan was 64,000,000. In addition, RSUs and options to purchase
16,647,551 Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding as of such date. 56 Our
2015 Plan was adopted by our board of directors in February 2015, and expires in February 2025. Our employees, directors, officer, consultants,
advisors, suppliers and any other person or entity whose services are considered valuable to us are eligible to participate in this plan.
We are authorized to issue equity-based compensation to our executive officers and/or directors and/or employees and/or subsidiaries
in the amount that shall not exceed 20% of our issued and outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis, as will be at the time
of the issuance. The foregoing limitation does not preclude from our board of directors’ authority to change and/or determine the
amount of equity-based compensation to be issued in accordance with the 2015 Plan. Our
2015 Plan is administered by our board of directors, regarding the granting of options and the terms of option grants, including exercise
price, method of payment, vesting schedule, acceleration of vesting and the other matters necessary in the administration of these plan.
Eligible Israeli employees, officers and directors, would qualify for provisions of Section 102(b)(2) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance,
or the Tax Ordinance. Pursuant to such Section 102(b)(2), qualifying options and shares issued upon exercise of such options are held
in trust and registered in the name of a trustee selected by the board of directors. In order to be eligible under Section 102, the trustee
may not release these options or shares to the holders thereof for two years from the date of the registration of the options in the
name of the trustee. Under Section 102, any tax payable by an employee from the grant or exercise of the options is deferred until the
transfer of the options or ordinary shares by the trustee to the employee or upon the sale of the options or ordinary shares, and gains
may qualify to be taxed as capital gains at a rate equal to 25%, subject to compliance with specified conditions. Our Israeli non-employee
service providers and controlling shareholders may only be granted options under Section 3(9) of the Tax Ordinance, which does not provide
for similar tax benefits. The 2015 Plan also permits the grant to Israeli grantees of options that do not qualify under Section 102(b)(2). Upon
termination of employment for any other reason, other than in the event of death, disability, all unvested options will expire and all
vested options will generally be exercisable for 3 months following termination, or such other period as determined by the plan administrator,
subject to the terms of the 2015 Plan and the governing option agreement. Upon
termination of employment due to death or disability, all the vested options at the time of termination will be exercisable for 12 months,
or such other period as determined by the plan administrator, subject to the terms of the 2015 Plan and the governing option agreement. On
March 13, 2019, our board of directors adopted an appendix to the 2015 Plan for U.S. residents. Under this appendix, the 2015 Plan provides
for the granting of options to U.S. residents in compliance with the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. On July 3, 2019,
our shareholders approved the adoption of the 2015 Plan together with the appendix for U.S. residents. In September 2022, we re-priced
the share options granted to a small group of certain directors and senior management, after receiving approval to do so from the Israeli
tax authorities. In accordance with the repricing, every two old share options will be converted into one RSU, without an exercise price.
The vesting period of the new RSUs will be 4 years. Additionally, in January, February, March, October, November and December, 2023, our
board of directors approved an acceleration of vesting of unvested options and RSUs in case of change of control, as well as in other
special circumstances, to several employees and executives. F.
Disclosure of a Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation Not
applicable. 57 ITEM
7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS A.
Major Shareholders As
of March 15, 2024, we had several major shareholders and ADS holders. Nomis Bay Ltd., BPY Limited, EOM Management Ltd., Murchinson,
James Keyes, Jason Jagessar, Chaja Carlebach, and Marc J. Bistricer entered into a joint filing agreement in which they agreed to joint
filing on behalf of each of their statements on Schedule 13D with respect to our Ordinary Shares. These parties reported that they jointly
own 15,550,000 Ordinary Shares and ADSs, which is 6.6% of our Ordinary Shares. Additionally,
Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management GP LLC, Mr. Bruce R. Winson, Anson Advisors Inc., Mr.
Amin Nathoo and Mr. Moez Kassam entered into a joint filing agreement in which they agreed to joint filing on behalf of each of
their statements on Schedule 13D with respect to our ADSs. These parties reported that they jointly own 20,391,213
ADSs, or 8.7%, of our Ordinary Shares. Anson Funds Management LP is a Texas limited partnership,
Anson Management GP LLC, is the general partner of Anson Funds Management LP and a Texas limited liability company, Mr. Bruce R. Winson,
is the principal of Anson Funds Management LP and the managing member of Anson Management GP LLC. Anson Advisors Inc. is an Ontario,
Canada corporation, Mr. Amin Nathoo is a director and the Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of Anson Advisors Inc., and Mr. Moez
Kassam is also a director of Anson Advisors Inc. and is the CEO and President of Anson Advisors Inc. Finally,
Mr. Stern is also a major shareholder (see “Item 6.E. Share Ownership”). In
January 2024, we entered into the Rights Plan, which replaced our prior rights agreement that expired by its terms, with the intention
to protect the long-term interests our ADS holders and enable them to realize the full potential value of their investment in the Company.
The Rights Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that any entity, person or group would gain control of, or significant influence
over our Company. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, we issued one special purchase right for every one ADS outstanding at the close of business
on February 5, 2024. Each right allows its holder to purchase from us one-half (0.5) of one ADS, at a purchase price of $0.01 per ADS,
once the rights become exercisable. The Rights would become exercisable (and such Person will be deemed to be an Acquiring Person) if
at any time after such announcement, (i) the Person increases its ownership percentage to an amount equal to or greater than the greater
of (1) 10% and (2) the sum of (I) the lowest number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by such Person as a percentage of the outstanding
Ordinary Shares as of any time from and after the time of the public announcement of the declaration of the Rights and (II) 0.001% or
(ii) would have been an “Acquiring Person” under that certain Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the Rights
Agent dated as of January 27, 2023 prior to the expiration of the rights issued under such agreement. The rights will expire on January
25, 2025. For more information about the Rights Plan, see exhibit 2.2 filed with this annual report on Form 20-F. Changes
in Percentage Ownership by Major Shareholders Over
the course of 2023, there was an increase in: (i) joint beneficial ownership of Nomis Bay Ltd., BPY Limited, EOM Management Ltd., Murchinson,
James Keyes, Jason Jagessar, Chaja Carlebach, and Marc J. Bistricer from 5.2% to 6.6%, and (ii) Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management
GP LLC, Mr. Bruce R. Winson, Anson Advisors Inc., Mr. Amin Nathoo and Mr. Moez Kassam from 5.1% to 8.7%. In addition, over the course
of 2023, there was a decrease in Mr. Stern’s beneficial ownership from 12.7% to 12.3%. Over
the course of 2022, there was an increase in: (i) joint beneficial ownership of Nomis Bay Ltd., BPY Limited, EOM Management Ltd., Murchinson,
James Keyes, Jason Jagessar, Chaja Carlebach, and Marc J. Bistricer from 0% to 5.2%, and (ii) Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management
GP LLC, Mr. Bruce R. Winson, Anson Advisors Inc., Mr. Amin Nathoo and Mr. Moez Kassam (from 0% to 5.1%). Over
the course of 2021, Mr. Stern’s beneficial ownership increased from 12.1% to 12.7%. We
are not aware of any increases or decreases in the percentage ownership of other significant shareholders. 58 Record
Holders Based upon a review of the
information provided to us by The Bank of New York Mellon, the depositary of the ADSs, as of March 15, 2024, there were 120 holders
of record of the ADSs on record with the Depository Trust Company. These
numbers are not representative of the number of beneficial holders of our shares nor is it representative of where such beneficial holders
reside, since many of these shares were held of record by brokers or other nominees. The
Company is not controlled by another corporation, by any foreign government or by any natural or legal persons except as set forth herein,
and there are no arrangements known to the Company which would result in a change in control of the Company at a subsequent date. B.
Related Party Transactions Employment
or Services Agreements We
have entered into written employment or services agreements with each of our executive officers. All of these agreements contain customary
provisions regarding noncompetition, confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. However, the enforceability of the
noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. In addition, we have entered into agreements with certain executive officers
and all of our directors pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify each of them up to a certain amount and to the extent that these
liabilities are not covered by directors’ and officers’ insurance. Mr.
Yoav Stern has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 20, 2020, and has been compensated in accordance with the terms of an agreement,
or the Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, approved by our shareholders on July 7, 2020, by and between the Company and
Mr. Yoav Stern, through his fully owned entity, DoubleShore Inc. The term of Mr. Stern’s agreement was for a period of three years
and was set to expire on December 31, 2022. On December 19 and 20, 2022, our compensation committee and board of directors, respectively,
approved the renewal of Mr. Stern’s agreement as of January 1, 2023 and until the next general meeting of shareholders. The renewed
agreement was approved in accordance the Companies Law exemptions regarding interested party transactions (regulation 1B4), according
to which, the compensation committee and the board of directors may decide to renew the engagement with its Chief Executive Officer or
Director in terms which are not materially different from his/her previous terms or in terms which are not favorable compared to the
previous engagement, provided in any case that they adhere with our compensation policy. On September 7, 2023, a general meeting of shareholders
was held and Mr. Stern’s agreement expired and all payments due to Mr. Stern in connection therewith were made. Since September
7, 2023, Mr. Stern has received no compensation for his ongoing services and there is no certainty when Mr. Stern shall have an approved
compensatory arrangement with the Company for his services, if at all. Per the approval of our compensation committee and board of directors,
the Company pays for expenses incurred in connection with Mr. Stern’s role as our Chief Executive Officer. Options Since
our inception we have granted options to purchase our Ordinary Shares to our officers and directors. Such option agreements may contain
(and employment agreements of certain executive officers contain) acceleration provisions upon certain merger, acquisition, or change
of control transactions. We describe our option plans under “Share Ownership—2015 Stock Option Plan.” If the relationship
between us and an executive officer or a director is terminated, except for cause (as defined in the various option plan agreements),
options that are vested will generally remain exercisable for 90 days after such termination. 59 C.
Interests of Experts and Counsel Not
applicable. ITEM
8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION. A.
Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information. See
“Item 18. Financial Statements.” Legal
Proceedings From
time to time, we may become a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. Except as disclosed below,
we are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows or capital levels. DeepCube
Litigation On
December 7, 2022, we were served with a motion requesting the discovery of documents in the Tel Aviv District Court (Economic Department)
by an ADS holder, Mr. Kfir Sapir asserting, among other things, that the purchase price in our acquisition of DeepCube did not accurately
reflect the acquired company’s value, that there were flaws in the approval process for the acquisition during the meeting of our
board of directors, which allegedly resulted in a breach of the directors’ fiduciary duties, and that we had undervalued DeepCube
in our financial reports for 2021, suggesting that the acquired company had no worth. Following our response, on October 19, 2023, upon
a request from the Plaintiff, the court dismissed the matter without prejudice because the Plaintiff intended to file a derivative action.
On September 5, 2023, Mr. Sapir filed a motion to certify a derivative action according to section 198 to the Companies Law against the
Company and its directors with the Tel Aviv District Court, arguing the decision to acquire DeepCube for approximately $40 million in
cash and $30 million ADSs, was unreasonable, based on his notion that DeepCube is only a “startup company” with allegedly
no revenues and no products. A court hearing is scheduled for July 3, 2024. Murchinson
Litigations in Israeli Courts On February 12, 2023, Murchinson
Ltd., BPY Limited, Nomis Bay Ltd., Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP. and Boothbay Diversified Alpha Master Fund, LP., collectively
Murchinson or Murchinson and Affiliates submitted a statement of claim to the Lod District Court (Economic Department), or the Court,
in which they asserted that our shares registered under Form S-8, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023, were allocated unlawfully and
in bad faith, resulting in the deprivation of shareholders’ rights. Murchinson also requested that the Court cancel the registration
of the newly registered shares on the Company’s Form S-8. Furthermore, Murchinson demanded that the Court order us to refrain from
any allocation of shares from the newly registered shares, or, in the alternative, to make any allocation subject to shareholder meeting
approval or condition any future allocations from the newly registered shares on specific criteria related to employee and official compensation.
Pre-trial hearings were held on June 18, 2023 and on February 21, 2024. Separately,
on February 27, 2023, we filed a claim against Murchinson in the Court, challenging Murchinson’s right to convene a shareholders’
meeting, contending that they are not shareholders (but rather ADS holders). Following a hearing on June 18, 2023, the matter was stayed
until a verdict is reached in the Second Murchinson Claim, as described below. On March 26, 2023, Murchinson filed for temporary relief in Court,
or the Second Murchinson Claim, in which it claimed that it had the right to convene a special general meeting of shareholders on March
20, 2023, and that the decisions in that special general meeting would be valid and legally binding. Specifically, the meeting Murchinson
wanted to convene would amend the article of association and appoint two directors, or the Alleged Directors, and remove from office Yoav
Stern, Oded Gera, Igal Rotem and Dr. Yoav Nissan-Cohen. Following a hearing and submission of motions, on April 16, 2023, the Court rejected
Murchinson’s request for temporary relief and request that we refrain from doing any business outside the ordinary course of business.
The Court, however, granted the alternative relief of appointing the Alleged Directors as board observers. We filed, with the Supreme
Court of Israel, a request for interlocutory appeal, but was denied. The Second Murchinson Claim is currently pending before the Court. 60 On August 31, 2023, Murchinson filed a complaint against the Company
and Mr. Yoav Stern, arguing that we wrongfully counted proxy cards at our September 7, 2023, annual general meeting, or the AGM, and that
the required majority for the dismissal of directors at the AGM are a simple majority rather than a special majority of 70%. In connection
with this complaint, Murchinson requested temporary relief requesting that the Court instruct the Company (1) to refrain from implementing
the decisions reached at the AGM; or (2) to refrain from convening board of directors and committee meetings with members comprising Ms.
Hanna Caspi, Mr. Oded Gera and Dr. Yoav Cohen-Nissan; or (3) to refrain from doing any business outside the ordinary course of business,
including changes in our capital. A hearing took place on September 5, 2023, during which the Court denied the request for temporary relief.
The Company filed a counterstatement of claims to Murchinson’s complaint on January 18, 2024, and its statement of defense on January
21, 2024. A hearing was held on February 21, 2024, in which the court scheduled further proceedings starting in September 2024. On March 18, 2024, we filed a motion for temporary injunction in the
Court against Murchinson, and Affiliates and Mr. Moshe Sarfati, a senior analyst at Murchinson, or the Respondents, in which we claim
that the Respondents had contacted officers at certain third-party companies with whom we have had business discussions, and committed
tortious interference. We asked the Court to issue an injunction against the Respondents: I. | To refrain from contacting third parties – including companies in the field of 3D printing and/or companies engaged in negotiations with the Company – regarding the Company’s affairs, and to present them with misleading presentations casting doubt over the legality of the current board of directors of the Company and implying that the current board of directors and management are not authorized to make decisions regarding the Company’s transactions, or to threaten them that Respondents will act to thwart any negotiation, collaboration, or transaction with the Company under the guidance of the Company’s current board of directors. II. | To avoid interfering with or undermining the Company’s business activities, including any attempts to thwart transactions advancing the Company’s interests with third parties, including merger, acquisition, or stock exchange transactions. We also asked the Court to order the Respondents to provide a written affidavit to be submitted by each of the Respondents, detailing all communications made to third parties engaged in business relations with the Company, with the aim of interfering in the Company’s business affairs. On March 21, 2024, we filed a complaint with the Court requesting
a declaration that Respondents had breached their duties and requesting the remedies specified above. A hearing is scheduled for March
26, 2024. Murchinson
Litigation in U.S. Courts On March 27, 2023, we filed
a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging claims against Murchinson and Affiliates
as well as Anson Funds, or Anson. The complaint alleges that defendants improperly engaged in coordinated efforts to acquire a large stake
in the Company and interfered with its business operations, in violation of U.S. securities laws, New York law, and pertinent contracts
governing our ADSs. The Complaint also alleges that defendants’ conduct was in violation of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
constituted breach of contract, tortious interference with prospective business relationships, and unjust enrichment. After we filed the
complaint, on May 2, 2023 and June 23, 2023, Murchinson and Anson filed amended disclosures with the SEC. On July 10, 2023, the United
States District Court dismissed our federal securities claims against Murchinson and Anson and declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction
concerning our state law claims, dismissing them without prejudice. On August 9, 2023, we appealed the District Court’s decision
dismissing our claims arising under Section 13(d) of the Exchange That appeal remains pending. On July 14, 2023, we filed
a complaint against Murchinson and Affiliates and Anson in the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The complaint in this action alleges
that Murchinson and Affiliates breached multiple provisions of the contract that governs there holdings of our ADSs and were unjustly
enriched through their improper trading of our ADSs. On August 3, 2023, the Supreme Court of the State of New York issued a decision temporarily
staying the Company’s claims pending a post-trial ruling in the Second Murchinson Claim. We do not anticipate that any further action
will take place in this matter until the stay is lifted. On May 1, 2023, Murchinson filed a complaint in the Southern District
of New York alleging that the Company and its directors violated New York Civil Rights Law §§ 70-a and 76-a when they initiated
the above-referenced litigation in the Southern District of New York. On August 9, 2023, we filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in
its entirety, arguing, inter alia , that the Southern District of New York lacks jurisdiction to hear the claims and that Murchinson’s
complaint fails on the merits. The Company’s motion to dismiss remains pending. Stratasys
Litigation On
April 25, 2023, we filed a motion for the issuance of temporary relief against Stratasys and its board of directors, requesting that the
Tel Aviv District Court prevent Stratasys from sabotaging a special tender offer that we announced we intended to publish according to
the mechanism prescribed in the Companies Law for implementing an unlawful “poison pill.” On May 7, 2023, we filed a statement
of claim, or the Poison Pill Claim, against Stratasys and its board of directors. Following a hearing held in connection with the Poison
Pill Claim, on July 18, 2023, the Tel Aviv District Court suggested, without making a conclusive decision, that he believes that there
is no per se prohibition against such a plan as long as it does not discriminate between shareholders. On August 8, 2023, the court stayed
the proceedings in the Poison Pill Claim. On November 16, 2023, we asked the Tel Aviv District Court to resume the proceedings and to
set dates for final briefing. The matter is currently pending before the Tel Aviv District Court. 61 Dividends Except
as detailed in Item 16E in relation to the repurchase of our Ordinary Shares, which is considered a dividend under the Companies Law,
we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing
conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects
and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. Under
the Companies Law, we may declare and pay dividends only if, upon the determination of our board of directors, there is no
reasonable concern that the distribution will prevent us from being able to meet the terms of our existing and foreseeable
obligations as they become due. Under the Companies Law, the distribution amount is further limited to the greater of retained
earnings or earnings generated over the two most recent years legally available for distribution according to our then last reviewed
or audited financial statements, provided that the end of the period to which the financial statements relate is not more than six
months prior to the date of distribution, generally referred to as the Earnings Criteria. In the event that we do not meet such
earnings criteria, we may seek the approval of the court in order to distribute a dividend. The court may approve our request if it
is convinced that there is no reasonable concern that the payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and
foreseeable obligations as they become due, generally referred to as the Solvency Criteria. However, under the New Exemptions,
an Israeli company whose shares are listed outside of Israel, is permitted to perform distribution in a way of repurchasing its own shares,
even if the Earnings Criteria is not met, without the need for court’s approval. The exemption is subject to certain conditions,
including, among others: (i) The distribution meets the Solvency Criteria; and (ii) no rejection was filed by any of the company’s
creditors to the court. If any creditor objects to the distribution, the company will be required to obtain the court’s approval
for the distribution. Payment
of dividends may be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. See “Item 10.E. Taxation”, for additional information. B.
Significant Changes No
significant change, other than as otherwise described in this annual report on Form 20-F, has occurred in our operations since the date
of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 20-F. ITEM
9. THE OFFER AND LISTING A.
Offer and Listing Details Our
ADSs, which represent our Ordinary Shares, are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “NNDM.” Each ADS currently
represents one Ordinary Share. Our ADSs are subject to the Rights Plan. B.
Plan of Distribution Not
applicable. C.
Markets Our
ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. D.
Selling Shareholders Not
applicable. E.
Dilution Not
applicable. F.
Expenses of the Issue Not
applicable. 62 ITEM
10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION A.
Share Capital Not
applicable. B.
Memorandum and Articles of Association A
copy of our amended and restated articles of association is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this annual report on Form 20-F. The information
called for by this Item is set forth in Exhibit 2.2 to this annual report on Form 20-F and is incorporated by reference into this annual
report on Form 20-F. C.
Material Contracts The
following is a summary of each material contract, other than material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, to which
we are or have been a party, for the two years immediately preceding the date of this annual report on Form 20-F: ● | Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, by and among Nano Dimension Ltd. and the Selling Shareholders (related to the acquisition of Essemtec), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on January 5, 2022. See Item 5.B “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Financing Activities” for more information about this agreement. ● | Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, by and among Nano Dimension Ltd. and the Selling Shareholders (related to the acquisition of GIS), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on January 5, 2022. See Item 5.B “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Financing Activities” for more information about this agreement. ● | Equity Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2022, by and between Nano Dimension Ltd. and Lapmaster Wolters Limited, and, solely for purposes of Sections 7.6 and 9.15, Lapmaster Group Holdings LLC., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on July 8, 2022. See Item 5.B “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Financing Activities” for more information about this agreement. ● | Deed of Variation of Share Purchase Agreement, dated July 11, 2022, by and among Nano Dimension Ltd., the Selling Shareholders Representative (on behalf of the Selling Shareholders) and Nicholas Campbell Geddes, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on July 14, 2022. See Item 5.B “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Financing Activities” for more information about this agreement. ● | Rights Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, by and between Nano Dimension Ltd. and the Bank of New York Mellon, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on January 27, 2023 (expired on January 29, 2024). ● | Rights Agreement, dated January 25, 2024, by and between Nano Dimension Ltd. and the Bank of New York Mellon, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on January 25, 2024. See exhibit 2.2 filed with this annual report on Form 20-F for more information about this agreement. D.
Exchange Controls There
are currently no Israeli currency control restrictions on payments of dividends or other distributions with respect to our Ordinary Shares
or the proceeds from the sale of the shares, except for the obligation of Israeli residents to file reports with the Bank of Israel regarding
certain transactions. However, legislation remains in effect pursuant to which currency controls can be imposed by administrative action
at any time. The
ownership or voting of our Ordinary Shares by non-residents of Israel, except with respect to citizens of countries that are in a state
of war with Israel, is not restricted in any way by our memorandum of association or amended and restated articles of association or
by the laws of the State of Israel. 63 E.
Taxation. Israeli
Tax Considerations and Government Programs The
following is a description of the material Israeli income tax consequences of the ownership of our Ordinary Shares. The following also
contains a description of material relevant provisions of the current Israeli income tax structure applicable to companies in Israel,
with reference to its effect on us. To the extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation which has not been subject to judicial
or administrative interpretation, there can be no assurance that the tax authorities will accept the views expressed in the discussion
in question. The discussion is not intended, and should not be taken, as legal or professional tax advice and is not exhaustive of all
possible tax considerations. The
following description is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the ownership or disposition
of our Ordinary Shares and ADSs. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax consequences of their particular
situation, as well as any tax consequences that may arise under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other taxing jurisdiction. General
Corporate Tax Structure in Israel Israeli
companies are generally subject to corporate tax. As of January 2016, the corporate tax rate was 25%. As of January 1, 2017, the corporate
tax rate was reduced to 24% and as of January 1, 2018, the corporate tax rate was further reduced to 23%. However, the effective tax
rate payable by a company that derives income from a Preferred Enterprise (as discussed below) may be considerably less. Capital gains
derived by an Israeli company are generally subject to the prevailing corporate tax rate. Law
for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes), 5729-1969 The
Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes), 5729-1969, generally referred to as the Industry Encouragement Law, provides several tax
benefits for “Industrial Companies.” The
Industry Encouragement Law defines an “Industrial Company” as an Israeli resident-company, of which 90% or more of its income
in any tax year, other than income from defense loans, is derived from an “Industrial Enterprise” owned by it. An “Industrial
Enterprise” is defined as an enterprise whose principal activity in a given tax year is industrial production. The
following corporate tax benefits, among others, are available to Industrial Companies: ● | amortization of the cost of purchased a patent, rights to use a patent, and know-how, which are used for the development or advancement of the company, over an eight-year period, commencing on the year in which such rights were first exercised; ● | under limited conditions, an election to file consolidated tax returns with related Israeli companies; and ● | expenses related to a public offering are deductible in equal amounts over three years. Tax
Benefits and Grants for Research and Development Under
the Research Law, programs which meet specified criteria and are approved by the IIA are eligible for grants of up to 85% of the project’s
expenditure, as determined by the research committee, in exchange for the payment of royalties from the revenues generated from the sale
of products and related services developed, in whole or in part pursuant to, or as a result of, a research and development program funded
by the IIA. The royalties are generally at a range of 3.0% to 3.5% of revenues until the entire IIA grant is repaid, together with an
annual interest. Until October 25, 2023, the interest was calculated at a rate based on 12-month London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR,
applicable to U.S. dollar deposits. However, on October 25, 2023, the IIA published a directive concerning changes in royalties to address
the expiration of the LIBOR. Under such directive, regarding IIA grants approved by the IIA prior to January 1, 2024 but which are outstanding
thereafter, as of January 1, 2024 the annual interest is calculated at a rate based on 12-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or
SOFR, or at an alternative rate published by the Bank of Israel plus 0.71513%; and, for grants approved on or following January 1, 2024
the annual interest shall be the higher of (i) the 12 months SOFR interest rate, plus 1%, or (ii) a fixed annual interest rate of 4%. 64 The
terms of the Research Law also require that the manufacture of products developed with government grants be performed in Israel. The
transfer of manufacturing activity outside Israel may be subject to the prior approval of the IIA. Under the regulations of the Research
Law, assuming we receive approval from the IIA to manufacture our IIA funded products outside Israel, we may be required to pay increased
royalties. The increase in royalties depends upon the manufacturing volume that is performed outside of Israel as follows: Manufacturing Volume Outside of Israel | Royalties to the IIA as a Percentage of Grant
Up to 50% | 120 | %
between 50% and 90% | 150 | %
90% and more | 300 | % If the manufacturing is performed
outside of Israel by us, the rate of royalties payable by us on revenues from the sale of products manufactured outside of Israel will
increase by 1% over the regular rates. If the manufacturing is performed outside of Israel by a third party, the rate of royalties payable
by us on those revenues will be equal to the ratio obtained by dividing the amount of the grants received from the IIA and our total investment
in the project that was funded by these grants. The transfer of no more than 10% of the manufacturing capacity in the aggregate outside
of Israel is exempt under the Research Law from obtaining the prior approval of the IIA. A company requesting funds from the IIA also
has the option of declaring in its IIA grant application an intention to perform part of its manufacturing outside Israel, thus avoiding
the need to obtain additional approval. On January 6, 2011, the Research Law was amended to clarify that the potential increased royalties
specified in the table above will apply even in those cases where the IIA approval for transfer of manufacturing outside of Israel is
not required, namely when the volume of the transferred manufacturing capacity is less than 10% of total capacity or when the company
received an advance approval to manufacture abroad in the framework of its IIA grant application. For applications to manufacture abroad,
submitted to the IIA after October 25, 2023, the maximum increased liability is up to 150% of the IIA grants, plus interest accrued thereon,
instead of 300%. The
know-how developed within the framework of the IIA plan may not be transferred to third parties outside Israel without the prior approval
of a governmental committee charted under the Research Law. The approval, however, is not required for the export of any products developed
using grants received from the IIA. The IIA approval to transfer know-how created, in whole or in part, in connection with an IIA-funded
project to third party outside Israel where the transferring company remains an operating Israeli entity is subject to payment of a redemption
fee to the IIA calculated according to a formula provided under the Research Law that is based, in general, on the ratio between the
aggregate IIA grants to the company’s aggregate investments in the project that was funded by these IIA grants, multiplied by the
transaction consideration. The transfer of such know-how to a party outside Israel where the transferring company ceases to exist as
an Israeli entity is subject to a redemption fee formula that is based, in general, on the ratio between the aggregate IIA grants to
the total financial investments in the company, multiplied by the transaction consideration. According to the January 2011 amendment,
the redemption fee in case of transfer of know-how to a party outside Israel will be based on the ratio between the aggregate IIA grants
received by the company and the company’s aggregate R&D expenses, multiplied by the transaction consideration. According to
regulations promulgated following the 2011 amendment, the maximum amount payable to the IIA in case of transfer of know how outside Israel
shall not exceed 6 times the value of the grants received plus interest, and in the event that the receiver of the grants ceases to be
an Israeli corporation such payment shall not exceed 6 times the value of the grants received plus interest, with a possibility to reduce
such payment to up to 3 times the value of the grants received plus interest if the R&D activity remains in Israel for a period of
three years after payment to the IIA and maintain at least 75% of the research and development employees the Company had for the six
months before the know-how was transferred, subject to additional conditions specified in the regulations. Transfer
of know-how within Israel is subject to an undertaking of the recipient Israeli entity to comply with the provisions of the Research
Law and related regulations, including the restrictions on the transfer of know-how and the obligation to pay royalties, as further described
in the Research Law and related regulations. These restrictions may impair
our ability to outsource manufacturing, engage in change of control transactions or otherwise transfer our know-how outside Israel and
may require us to obtain the approval or the IIA for certain actions and transactions and pay additional royalties to the IIA. In particular,
any change of control and any change of ownership of our Ordinary Shares that would make a non-Israeli citizen or resident an “interested
party,” as defined in the Research Law, requires a prior written notice to the IIA in addition to any payment that may be required
of us for transfer of manufacturing or know-how outside Israel. If we fail to comply with the Research Law, we may be subject to criminal
charges or to mandatory repayment of grants received by us (together with interest and penalties). 65 Tax
Benefits for Research and Development Israeli
tax law allows, under certain conditions, a tax deduction for expenditures, including capital expenditures, for the year in which they
are incurred. Expenditures are deemed related to scientific research and development projects, if: ● | The expenditures are approved by the relevant Israeli government ministry, determined by the field of research; ● | The research and development must be for the promotion of the company; and ● | The research and development is carried out by or on behalf of the company seeking such tax deduction. The
amount of such deductible expenses is reduced by the sum of any funds received through government grants for the finance of such scientific
research and development projects. No deduction under these research and development deduction rules is allowed if such deduction is
related to an expense invested in an asset depreciable under the general depreciation rules of the income Tax Ordinance, 1961. Expenditures
not so approved are deductible in equal amounts over three years. From time to time, we may
apply the Office of the IIA for approval to allow a tax deduction for all research and development expenses during the year incurred.
There can be no assurance that such application will be accepted. Law
for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959 The
Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, generally referred to as the Investment Law, provides certain incentives
for capital investments in production facilities (or other eligible assets). Tax
Benefits The
Investment Law grants tax benefits for income generated by a “Preferred Company” through its “Preferred Enterprise”
(as such terms are defined in the Investment Law) The definition of a Preferred Company includes a company incorporated in Israel that
is not fully owned by a governmental entity, and that has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise status and is controlled and managed
from Israel. A Preferred Company is entitled to a reduced corporate tax rate of 16% with respect to its income derived by its Preferred
Enterprise, unless the Preferred Enterprise is located in a specified development zone, in which case the rate will be 7.5% as of January
1, 2017. Dividends
paid out of income attributed to a Preferred Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 20% or such
lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty. However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required
to be withheld. Taxation
of our Shareholders Capital
Gains Taxes Applicable to Non-Israeli Resident Shareholders. A non-Israeli resident who derives capital gains from the sale of shares
in an Israeli resident company should be exempt from Israeli tax so long as the shares were not held through a permanent establishment
that the non-resident maintains in Israel. However, non-Israeli corporations will not be entitled to the foregoing exemption if Israeli
residents: (i) have a controlling interest of 25% or more in such non-Israeli corporation or (ii) are the beneficiaries of, or are entitled
to, 25% or more of the revenues or profits of such non-Israeli corporation, whether directly or indirectly. 66 Additionally,
a sale of securities by a non-Israeli resident may be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax under the provisions of an applicable tax
treaty. For example, under Convention Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the State of Israel
with respect to Taxes on Income, as amended, or the United States-Israel Tax Treaty, the sale, exchange or other disposition of shares
by a shareholder who is a United States resident (for purposes of the treaty) holding the shares as a capital asset and is entitled to
claim the benefits afforded to such a resident by the U.S.-Israel Tax Treaty, or Treaty U.S. Resident, is generally exempt from Israeli
capital gains tax unless: (i) the capital gain arising from such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to real estate located in
Israel; (ii) the capital gain arising from such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to royalties; (iii) the capital gain arising
from the such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to a permanent establishment in Israel, under certain terms; (iv) such Treaty
U.S. Resident holds, directly or indirectly, shares representing 10% or more of the voting capital during any part of the 12-month period
preceding the disposition, subject to certain conditions; or (v) such Treaty U.S. Resident is an individual and was present in Israel
for 183 days or more during the relevant taxable year. In some instances where our
shareholders may be liable for Israeli tax on the sale of their Ordinary Shares, the payment of the consideration may be subject to the
withholding of Israeli tax at source. Shareholders may be required to demonstrate that they are exempt from tax on their capital gains
in order to avoid withholding at source at the time of sale. Taxation
of Non-Israeli Shareholders on Receipt of Dividends. Non-Israeli residents are generally subject to Israeli income tax on the receipt
of dividends paid on our Ordinary Shares at the rate of 25%, which tax will be withheld at source, unless relief is provided in a treaty
between Israel and the shareholder’s country of residence. With respect to a person who is a “substantial shareholder”
at the time of receiving the dividend or on any time during the preceding twelve months, the applicable tax rate is 30%. A “substantial
shareholder” is generally a person who alone or together with such person’s relative or another person who collaborates with
such person on a permanent basis, holds, directly or indirectly, at least 10% of any of the “means of control” of the corporation.
“Means of control” generally include the right to vote, receive profits, nominate a director or an executive officer, receive
assets upon liquidation, or order someone who holds any of the aforesaid rights how to act, regardless of the source of such right. However,
a distribution of dividends to non-Israeli residents is subject to withholding tax at source at a rate of 20% if the dividend is distributed
from income attributed to a Preferred Enterprise, unless a reduced tax rate is provided under an applicable tax treaty. For example,
under the United States-Israel Tax Treaty, the maximum rate of tax withheld at source in Israel on dividends paid to a holder of our
Ordinary Shares who is a Treaty U.S. Resident is 25%. However, generally, the maximum rate of withholding tax on dividends, not generated
by a Preferred Enterprise, that are paid to a United States corporation holding 10% or more of the outstanding voting capital throughout
the tax year in which the dividend is distributed as well as during the previous tax year, is 12.5%, provided that not more than 25%
of the gross income for such preceding year consists of certain types of dividends and interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends
distributed from income attributed to an Preferred Enterprise are not entitled to such reduction under the tax treaty but are subject
to a withholding tax rate of 15% for a shareholder that is a U.S. corporation, provided that the condition related to our gross income
for the previous year (as set forth in the previous sentence) is met. If the dividend is attributable partly to income derived from a
Preferred Enterprise, and partly to other sources of income, the withholding rate will be a blended rate reflecting the relative portions
of the two types of income. We cannot assure you that we will designate the profits that we may distribute in a way that will reduce
shareholders’ tax liability. U.S.
Tax Considerations U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations THE
FOLLOWING SUMMARY IS INCLUDED HEREIN FOR GENERAL INFORMATION AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED TO BE, LEGAL OR
TAX ADVICE. EACH U.S. HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT WITH HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE PARTICULAR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND SALE OF ORDINARY SHARES AND AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES, INCLUDING THE EFFECTS OF APPLICABLE STATE, LOCAL,
FOREIGN OR OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN THE TAX LAWS. 67 Subject to the limitations described in the next
paragraph, the following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to a “U.S. Holder” arising
from the purchase, ownership and sale of the Ordinary Shares and ADSs. For this purpose, a “U.S. Holder” is a holder of Ordinary
Shares or ADSs that is: (1) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, including an alien individual who is a lawful permanent
resident of the United States or meets the substantial presence residency test under U.S. federal income tax laws; (2) a corporation (or
entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or a partnership (other than a partnership that is not treated as
a U.S. person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations) created or organized under the laws of the United States or the District
of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof; (3) an estate, the income of which is includable in gross income for U.S. federal income
tax purposes regardless of source; (4) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration
of the trust and one or more U.S. persons (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
or the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or (5) a trust that has a valid election in effect to be
treated as a U.S. person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership
for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, the tax treatment of an owner of such entity will depend on the
status of the owners, the activities of the entity or arrangement and certain determinations made at the owner level. Accordingly, entities
or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the partners in such partnerships should consult their
tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable for them. This summary is for general information purposes only and does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase
our Ordinary Shares or ADSs. This summary generally considers only U.S. Holders that will own our Ordinary Shares or ADSs as capital assets
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. Except to the limited extent discussed below, this summary does not consider the U.S.
federal tax consequences to a person that is not a U.S. Holder, nor does it describe the rules applicable to determine a taxpayer’s
status as a U.S. Holder. This summary is based on the provisions of the Code, final, temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury regulations
promulgated thereunder, administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, and the U.S./Israel Income Tax Treaty, all as in effect as
of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and all of which are open to differing interpretations.
We will not seek a ruling from the IRS with regard to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our Ordinary Shares or
ADSs by U.S. Holders and, therefore, can provide no assurances that the IRS will agree with the conclusions set forth below. This discussion does not address all of the aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that may be relevant to a particular U.S. holder based on such holder’s particular circumstances and in particular
does not discuss any estate, gift, generation-skipping, transfer, state, local, excise or foreign tax considerations. In addition, this
discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a U.S. Holder who is: (1) a bank, life insurance company, regulated
investment company, or other financial institution or “financial services entity:” (2) a broker or dealer in securities or
foreign currency; (3) a person who acquired our Ordinary Shares or ADSs in connection with employment or other performance of services;
(4) a U.S. Holder that is subject to the U.S. alternative minimum tax; (5) a U.S. Holder that holds our Ordinary Shares or ADSs as a hedge
or as part of a hedging, straddle, conversion or constructive sale transaction or other risk-reduction transaction for U.S. federal income
tax purposes; (6) a tax-exempt entity; (7) real estate investment trusts or grantor trusts; (8) a U.S. Holder that expatriates out of
the United States or a former long-term resident of the United States; (9) a person having a functional currency other than the U.S. dollars;
or (10) S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships or other flow-through entities for U.S.
federal income tax purposes (and investors therein). This discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a U.S.
Holder that owns, directly or constructively, at any time, Ordinary Shares or ADSs representing 10% or more of our voting power. Additionally,
the U.S. federal income tax treatment of partnerships (or other pass-through entities) or persons who hold Ordinary Shares or ADSs through
a partnership or other pass-through entity are not addressed. 68 In general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
U.S. Holders of our ADSs will be treated as owning the underlying Ordinary Shares represented by those ADSs. Accordingly, exchanges of
Ordinary Shares for ADSs, and ADSs for Ordinary Shares will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Each prospective investor
is advised to consult his or her own tax adviser for the specific tax consequences to that investor of purchasing, holding or disposing
of our Ordinary Shares or ADSs, including the effects of applicable state, local, foreign or other tax laws and possible changes in the
tax laws. Taxation of Dividends Paid on Ordinary Shares or ADSs We do not intend to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future. In the event that we do pay dividends, and subject to the discussion under the heading “Passive Foreign
Investment Companies” below and the discussion of “qualified dividend income” below, a U.S. Holder will be required
to include in gross income as ordinary income the amount of any distribution paid on Ordinary Shares or ADSs (including the amount of
any Israeli tax withheld on the date of the distribution), to the extent that such distribution does not exceed our current and accumulated
earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The amount of a distribution which exceeds our earnings and
profits will be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital, reducing the U.S. Holder’s tax basis for the Ordinary Shares to
the extent thereof, and then capital gain. We do not expect to maintain calculations of our earnings and profits under U.S. federal income
tax principles and, therefore, U.S. Holders should expect that the entire amount of any distribution generally will be reported as dividend
income. In general, preferential
tax rates for “qualified dividend income” and long-term capital gains are applicable for U.S. Holders that are individuals,
estates or trusts. For this purpose, “qualified dividend income” means, inter alia, dividends received from a “qualified
foreign corporation.” A “qualified foreign corporation” is a corporation that is entitled to the benefits of a comprehensive
tax treaty with the United States which includes an exchange of information program. The IRS has stated that the Israel/U.S. Tax Treaty
satisfies this requirement and we believe we are eligible for the benefits of that treaty. In addition, our dividends
will be qualified dividend income if our Ordinary Shares or ADSs are readily tradable on the Nasdaq Capital Market or another established
securities market in the United States. Dividends will not qualify for the preferential rate if we are treated, in the year the dividend
is paid or in the prior year, as a PFIC, as described below under “Passive Foreign Investment Companies.” A U.S. Holder will
not be entitled to the preferential rate: (1) if the U.S. Holder has not held our Ordinary Shares or ADSs for at least 61 days of the
121 day period beginning on the date which is 60 days before the ex-dividend date, or (2) to the extent the U.S. Holder is under an obligation
to make related payments on substantially similar property. Any days during which the U.S. Holder has diminished its risk of loss on our
Ordinary Shares or ADSs are not counted towards meeting the 61-day holding period. Finally, U.S. Holders who elect to treat the dividend
income as “investment income” pursuant to Code section 163(d)(4) will not be eligible for the preferential rate of taxation. The amount of a distribution with respect to our Ordinary Shares or
ADSs will be measured by the amount of the fair market value of any property distributed, and for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
amount of any Israeli taxes withheld therefrom. Cash distributions paid by us in NIS will be included in the income of U.S. Holders at
a U.S. dollar amount based upon the spot rate of exchange in effect on the date the dividend is includible in the income of the U.S. Holder,
regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars at that time. Any foreign currency gain or loss a U.S. Holder
realizes on a subsequent conversion of the NIS into U.S. dollars will be U.S. source ordinary exchange gain or loss. 69 Taxation of the Disposition of Ordinary Shares or ADSs Except as provided under the PFIC rules described
below under “Passive Foreign Investment Companies,” upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of our Ordinary Shares or
ADSs, a U.S. Holder will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between such U.S. Holder’s tax basis
for the Ordinary Shares or ADSs in U.S. dollars and the amount realized on the disposition in U.S. dollar (or its U.S. dollar equivalent
determined by reference to the spot rate of exchange on the date of disposition, if the amount realized is denominated in a foreign currency).
A U.S. Holder’s initial tax basis in shares generally will equal the cost of such shares. If any foreign tax is imposed on the sale,
exchange or other disposition of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares, a U.S. Holder’s amount realized will include the gross amount of the
proceeds of the deposits before deduction of the tax. The gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange or other disposition of Ordinary
Shares or ADSs will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has a holding period of more than one year at the time of the
disposition. Individuals who recognize long-term capital gains may be taxed on such gains at reduced rates of tax. The deduction of capital
losses is subject to various limitations. Gain realized by a U.S. Holder on a sale, exchange
or other disposition of Ordinary Shares or ADSs will generally be treated as U.S. source income for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.
A loss realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of Ordinary Shares or ADSs is generally allocated to U.S.
source income. Because gain for the sale or other taxable disposition of our ADSs or Ordinary Shares will be treated as U.S. source income,
and you may use foreign tax credits against only the portion of United States federal income tax liability that is attributed to foreign
source income in the same category, your ability to utilize a foreign tax credit with respect to any foreign tax imposed on any such sale
or other taxable disposition, if any, may be significantly limited. An additional 3.8% net investment income tax (described below) may
apply to gains recognized upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our Ordinary Shares or ADS by certain U.S. Holders who
meet certain income thresholds. Passive Foreign Investment Companies Special U.S. federal income
tax laws apply to U.S. taxpayers who own shares of a corporation that is a PFIC. We will be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income
tax purposes for any taxable year that either: ● | 75% or more of our gross income (including our pro rata share of gross income for any company, in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by value), in a taxable year is passive; or ● | At least 50% of our assets, averaged over the year and generally determined based upon fair market value (including our pro rata share of the assets of any company in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by value) are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. For this purpose, passive income generally consists
of dividends, interest, rents, royalties, annuities and income from certain commodities transactions and from notional principal contracts.
Cash is generally treated as a passive asset, subject to certain exceptions that qualify as working capital. The tests for determining PFIC status are applied
annually, and it is difficult to make accurate projections of future income and assets which are relevant to this determination. In addition,
our PFIC status may depend in part on the market value of our Ordinary Shares or ADSs. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we
currently are not or will not become a PFIC. Due to our substantial cash position, we believe that we may be treated as a PFIC for 2023,
although we do not intend to conduct an analysis to obtain assurance of this. If we currently are or become a PFIC, each U.S. Holder who has not
elected to mark the shares to market (as discussed below), would, upon receipt of certain distributions by us and upon disposition of
our Ordinary Shares or ADSs at a gain: (1) have such distribution or gain allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period
for the Ordinary Shares or ADSs, as the case may be; (2) the amount allocated to the current taxable year and any period prior to the
first day of the first taxable year in which we were a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income; (3) the amount allocated to each of the
other taxable years would be subject to tax at the highest rate of tax in effect for the applicable class of taxpayer for that year; and
(4) an interest charge for the deemed deferral benefit would be imposed with respect to the resulting tax attributable to each such other
taxable year. In addition, when shares of a PFIC are acquired by reason of death from a decedent that was a U.S. Holder, the tax basis
of such shares would not receive a step-up to fair market value as of the date of the decedent’s death, but instead would be equal
to the decedent’s basis if lower, unless all gain were recognized by the decedent. Indirect investments in a PFIC may also be subject
to these special U.S. federal income tax rules. 70 The PFIC rules described
above would not apply to a U.S. Holder who makes a QEF election for all taxable years that such U.S. Holder has held the Ordinary Shares
or ADSs while we are a PFIC, provided that we comply with specified reporting requirements. Instead, each U.S. Holder who has made such
a QEF election is required for each taxable year that we are a PFIC to include in income such U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of our
ordinary earnings as ordinary income and such U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of our net capital gains as long-term capital gain, regardless
of whether we make any distributions of such earnings or gain. In general, a QEF election is effective only if we make available certain
required information. The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and generally may be revoked only with the consent
of the IRS. We do not intend to furnish U.S. Holders annually with information needed in order to complete IRS Form 8621 and to make and
maintain a valid QEF election for any year in which we or any of our subsidiaries are a PFIC. Therefore, the QEF election will not be
available with respect to our Ordinary Shares or ADSs. In addition, the PFIC rules
described above would not apply if we were a PFIC and a U.S. Holder made a mark-to-market election. A U.S. Holder of our Ordinary Shares
or ADSs which are regularly traded on a qualifying exchange, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, can elect to mark the Ordinary Shares
or ADSs to market annually, recognizing as ordinary income or loss each year an amount equal to the difference as of the close of the
taxable year between the fair market value of the Ordinary Shares or ADSs and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Ordinary
Shares or ADSs. Losses are allowed only to the extent of net mark-to-market gain previously included income by the U.S. Holder under the
election for prior taxable years. U.S. Holders who hold our
Ordinary Shares or ADSs during a period when we are a PFIC will be subject to the foregoing rules, even if we cease to be a PFIC. U.S.
Holders are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors about the PFIC rules. Tax on Net Investment Income Subject to certain adjustments
under the PFIC rules, U.S. Holders who are individuals, estates or trusts will generally be required to pay a 3.8% Medicare tax on their
net investment income (including dividends on and gains from the sale or other disposition of our Ordinary Shares or ADSs), or in the
case of estates and trusts on their net investment income that is not distributed. In each case, the 3.8% Medicare tax applies only to
the extent the U.S. Holder’s total adjusted income exceeds applicable thresholds. Tax Consequences for Non-U.S. Holders of Ordinary Shares or ADSs Except as provided below,
an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder referred to below as a non-U.S. Holder, generally will not be subject
to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on the payment of dividends on, and the proceeds from the disposition of, our Ordinary Shares
or ADSs. A non-U.S. Holder may be
subject to U.S. federal income tax on a dividend paid on our Ordinary Shares or ADSs or gain from the disposition of our Ordinary Shares
or ADSs if: (1) such item is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States
and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in the United
States; or (2) in the case of a disposition of our Ordinary Shares or ADSs, the individual non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States
for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition and other specified conditions are met. Any dividend income or gain described
in clause (1) above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income tax basis in the same manner as a U.S. Holder and, with
respect to corporate holders, a branch profits tax imposed at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income
tax treaty) may also apply to its effectively connected earnings and profits (subject to adjustments). Any dividend income or gain described
in clause (2) above that is not effectively connected with the conduct by a Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the U.S. generally
will be subject to 30% withholding tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) net of certain U.S.
source capital losses. 71 In general, non-U.S. Holders
will not be subject to backup withholding with respect to the payment of dividends on our Ordinary Shares or ADSs if payment is made through
a paying agent, or office of a foreign broker outside the United States. However, if payment is made in the United States or by a U.S.
related person, non-U.S. Holders may be subject to backup withholding, unless the non-U.S. Holder provides an applicable IRS Form W-8
(or a substantially similar form) certifying its foreign status, or otherwise establishes an exemption. The amount of any backup
withholding from a payment to a non-U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability
and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Information Reporting and Withholding A U.S. Holder may be subject
to backup withholding at a rate of 24% with respect to cash dividends and proceeds from a disposition of Ordinary Shares or ADSs. In general,
backup withholding will apply only if a U.S. Holder fails to comply with specified identification procedures. Backup withholding will
not apply with respect to payments made to designated exempt recipients, such as corporations and tax-exempt organizations. Backup withholding
is not an additional tax and may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. federal income tax liability of a U.S. Holder, provided that
the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. F. Dividends and Paying Agents Not applicable. G. Statement by Experts Not applicable. H. Documents on Display We are subject to certain
information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, applicable to foreign private issuers and under those requirements will file reports
with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer,
we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors
and principal shareholders will be exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the
Exchange Act. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to file annual, quarterly and current reports and financial statements
with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. domestic companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. However,
we will file with the SEC, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, or such applicable time as required by the SEC, an annual
report on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent registered public accounting firm, and may submit to the
SEC, on a Form 6-K, unaudited quarterly financial information. We maintain a corporate website
http://www.nano-di.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website and the other websites referenced above
do not constitute a part of this annual report on Form 20-F. We have included these website addresses in this annual report on Form 20-F
solely as inactive textual references. 72 I. Subsidiary Information. Not applicable. J. Annual Report to Security Holders. Not Applicable. ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK In the ordinary course of our operations, we are
exposed to certain market risks, primarily changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business.
Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates.
Our current investment policy is to invest available cash in bank deposits, mainly with banks that have a credit rating of at least A-minus,
money market accounts and money market funds. Accordingly, a substantial majority of our cash and cash equivalents is held in deposits
that bear interest. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of NIS/U.S. dollar exchange rates, which is discussed in the following
paragraph. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Our results of operations
and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in NIS/U.S. dollar currency exchange rates. The vast majority of our liquid assets
is held in U.S. dollars, and a certain portion of our expenses is denominated in NIS. Changes of 5% and 10% in the U.S. Dollar/NIS exchange
rate would not have had a material effect in relation to the Company’s loss in 2023. ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES A. Debt Securities. Not applicable. B. Warrants and rights. Not applicable. C. Other Securities. Not applicable. 73 D. American Depositary Shares Fees and Expenses Persons depositing or withdrawing shares or ADS holders must pay: | For:
$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion of 100 ADSs). | Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of shares or rights or other property. Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates.
$.05 (or less) per ADS. | Any cash distribution to ADS holders.
A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if securities distributed to you had been shares and the shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs. | Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities (including rights) that are distributed by the depositary to ADS holders.
$.05 (or less) per ADS per calendar year. | Depositary services.
Registration or transfer fees. | Transfer and registration of shares on our share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when you deposit or withdraw shares.
Expenses of the depositary. | Cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement). Converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars.
Taxes and other governmental charges the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADSs or shares underlying ADSs, such as stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes. | As necessary.
Any charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities. | As necessary. The depositary collects its
fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or
from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from the
amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for depositary
services by deduction from cash distributions or by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts of participants
acting for them. The depositary may collect any of its fees by deduction from any cash distribution payable (or by selling a portion of
securities or other property distributable) to ADS holders that are obligated to pay those fees. The depositary may generally refuse to
provide fee-attracting services until its fees for those services are paid. From time to time, the depositary
may make payments to us to reimburse us for costs and expenses generally arising out of establishment and maintenance of the ADS program,
waive fees and expenses for services provided to us by the depositary or share revenue from the fees collected from ADS holders. In performing
its duties under the deposit agreement, the depositary may use brokers, dealers, foreign currency or other service providers that are
owned by or affiliated with the depositary and that may earn or share fees, spreads or commissions. As an ADS holder, we will
not treat you as one of our shareholders and you will not have shareholder rights. Israeli law governs shareholder rights. The depositary
is the registered holder of the shares underlying your ADSs. As a registered holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. A Deposit
Agreement among us, the depositary, ADS holders, and all other persons indirectly or beneficially holding ADSs sets out ADS holder rights
as well as the rights and obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADSs. 74 PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES None. ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS
AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2023, or the Evaluation Date. Based on such evaluation, those officers
have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based principally on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission as of the end of the period covered by this report. Previously Identified Material Weaknesses in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting We previously identified and
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2022, a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting relating to the design and maintenance of effective change management controls over certain information technology systems that
support the financial reporting processes of a subsidiary (Essemtec). Remediation Efforts of Previously Disclosed Material
Weaknesses: During the year ended December
31, 2023, management has done the following to remediate the material weakness: ● | formalized change management policies, processes, and procedures to ensure that all changes made to systems are tested and approved prior to migration to production; ● | removed permanent access for a third-party vendor responsible for maintaining the system and only granting temporary access as needed for change activities; and ● | increased resource allocation to the subsidiary IT team to allow for more attention on SOX control documentation. ● | implemented a monitoring tool to capture changes made to the ERP system. 75 As a result of these remediation activities and based on testing of
the new and modified controls for operating effectiveness, management concluded that the previously reported material weakness was remediated
and that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm See report of Somekh Chaikin,
a member firm of KPMG International, which is included on page F-3 of the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report
on Form 20-F. (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than steps taken in connection with the
completion of the remediation process described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the year ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. ITEM 16. [Reserved] ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT Our board of directors has
determined that each member of our audit committee is an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules under the Exchange
Act, and is independent in accordance with applicable Exchange Act rules and Nasdaq Stock Market rules. ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS We have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to our officers
and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal controller and persons performing similar
functions as well as our directors. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.nano-di.com. Information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this annual report on Form 20-F and is not incorporated
by reference herein. If we make any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waivers, including any implicit
waiver, from a provision of the code, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website to the extent required by
the rules and regulations of the SEC including the instructions to Item 16B of Form 20-F. We have not granted any waivers under our Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Somekh Chaikin , a member
firm of KPMG International, located in Tel Aviv, Israel, PCAOB ID 1057 , has served as our principal independent registered public accounting
firm for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023. 76 The following table provides
information regarding fees paid by us to Somekh Chaikin and/or other member firms of KPMG International for all services, including audit
services, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
(in U.S dollars) | 2022 | 2023
Audit fees (1) | 997,889 | 875,909
Audit-related fees (2) | 210,229 | 68,722
Tax fees (3) | 147,025 | 116,859
All other fees | — | —
Total | 1,355,143 | 1,061,490 (1) | Includes professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements,
(2) | Includes fees for other services, such as due diligence services in connection with acquisitions.
(3) | Tax fees are the aggregate fees billed (in the year) for professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice other than in connection with the audit. Pre-Approval of Auditors’ Compensation Our audit committee has a
pre-approval policy for the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform certain audit and non-audit services.
Pursuant to this policy, which is designed to assure that such engagements do not impair the independence of our auditors, the audit committee
pre-approves annually a catalog of specific audit and non-audit services in the categories of audit services, audit-related services and
tax services that may be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. If a type of service, that is to be provided
by our auditors, has not received such general pre-approval, it will require specific pre-approval by our audit committee. The policy
prohibits retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform the prohibited non-audit functions defined in applicable
SEC rules. All the fees set forth above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES Not applicable. ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS As of March 15, 2024, the following equity
securities were purchased as part of our $100 million Repurchase Plan, described below, and by affiliated purchasers: Period | Total Number of Shares Purchased | Average Price Paid per Share | Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs | Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Value) that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs
Repurchase Program
February 1-28, 2023 | 3,795,690 | $ | 2.88 | 3,795,690 | $ | 89,049,685
March 1-31, 2023 | 2,453,187 | $ | 2.97 | 2,453,187 | $ | 81,768,245
June 1-30,2023 | 1,807,311 | $ | 2.68 | 1,807,311 | $ | 76,928,895
July 1-31,2023 | 13,942,389 | $ | 3.19 | 13,942,389 | $ | 32,425,758
August 1-31,2023 | 3,127,742 | $ | 3.08 | 3,127,742 | $ | 22,782,297
September 1-30,2023 | 3,787,648 | $ | 2.68 | 3,787,648 | $ | 12,634,517
October 1-31,2023 | 3,102,387 | $ | 2.73 | 3,102,387 | $ | 4,160,138
Total | 32,016,354 | $ | 2.89 | 32,016,354 | $ | 4,160,138 77 In February 2023, we announced that we would put into action our previously
announced $100 million Repurchase Plan allowing us to invest up to $100 million to repurchase our ADSs from time to time. in open market
transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions or in any other legally permissible ways, depending on market conditions, share
price, trading volume and other factors. The $100 million Repurchase Plan was approved by the Israeli court in August 2022 for a period
of up to 12 months and was later extended for a period of two months. The $100 million Repurchase Plan expired on October 12, 2023, with
$4,160,138 remaining, and thereafter no longer eligible for repurchases under such plan. All repurchases made in 2023 were made pursuant
to the $100 million Repurchase Plan. In August 2023, our board of directors authorized the $200 million
Repurchase Plan, allowing us to invest up to $200 million to repurchase ADSs from time to time, in open market transactions, and/or in
privately negotiated transactions or in any other legally permissible ways, depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume
and other factors. The Israeli court approved the $200 million Repurchase Plan in August 2023 and extended it for a twelve-month period
in October 2023. The $200 million Repurchase Plan went into effect on October 17, 2023. As of March 15, 2024, 17,110,217 shares have been repurchased under the $200 million Repurchase Plan. ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT Not applicable. ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Under Nasdaq rules, we may
elect to follow certain corporate governance practices permitted under the Companies Law in lieu of compliance with corresponding corporate
governance requirements otherwise imposed by the Nasdaq Stock Market rules for U.S. domestic issuers. In accordance with Israeli
law and practice and subject to the exemption set forth in Rule 5615 of the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, we have elected to follow the provisions
of the Companies Law, rather than the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, with respect to the following requirements: ● | Distribution of periodic reports to shareholders; proxy solicitation. As opposed to the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, which require listed issuers to make such reports available to shareholders in one of a number of specific manners, Israeli law does not require us to distribute periodic reports directly to shareholders, and the generally accepted business practice in Israel is not to distribute such reports to shareholders. We currently make our audited financial statements available to our shareholders at our offices and will only mail such reports to shareholders upon request. As a foreign private issuer, we are generally exempt from the SEC’s proxy solicitation rules. ● | Quorum. While the Nasdaq Stock Market rules require that the quorum for purposes of any meeting of the holders of a listed company’s common voting stock, as specified in the company’s bylaws, be no less than 33 1/3% of the company’s outstanding common voting stock, under Israeli law, a company is entitled to determine in its articles of association the number of shareholders and percentage of holdings required for a quorum at a shareholders meeting. Our amended and restated articles of association provide that a quorum of two or more shareholders holding at least 25% of the voting rights in person or by proxy is required for commencement of business at a general meeting. However, the quorum set forth in our amended and restated articles of association with respect to an adjourned meeting consists of any number of shareholders present in person or by proxy. ● | Compensation of officers. Israeli law and our amended and restated articles of association do not require that the independent members of our board of directors (or a compensation committee composed solely of independent members of our board of directors) determine an executive officer’s compensation, as is generally required under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules with respect to the chief executive officer and all other executive officers. Instead, compensation of executive officers, who are office holders as defined under the Companies Law, is determined and approved by our compensation committee and our board of directors, and in certain circumstances by our shareholders, either in consistency with our office holders compensation policy or, in special circumstances in deviation therefrom, taking into account certain considerations stated in the Companies Law. 78 Shareholder approval is generally
required for executive officers compensation in the event (i) approval by our board of directors and our compensation committee is not
consistent with our executive officers compensation policy, or (ii) compensation required to be approved is that of our chief executive
officer who is not a director or an executive officer who is also the controlling shareholder of our company (including an affiliate thereof).
Such shareholder approval shall require a special majority vote of the shares present and voting at a shareholders meeting, provided either
(i) such majority includes a majority of the shares held by non-controlling shareholders who do not otherwise have a personal interest
in the compensation arrangement that are voted at the meeting, excluding for such purpose any abstentions disinterested majority, or (ii)
the total shares held by non-controlling and disinterested shareholders voted against the arrangement does not exceed 2% of the voting
rights in our company. Additionally, approval of the compensation of an executive officer
who is also a director requires a simple majority vote of the shares present and voting at a shareholders meeting, if consistent with
our executive officers’ compensation policy. Our compensation committee and board of directors may, in special circumstances, approve
the compensation of an office holder (other than a director, a chief executive officer or a controlling shareholder) or approve the compensation
policy despite shareholders’ objection, based on specified arguments and taking shareholders’ objection into account. Our
compensation committee may further exempt an engagement with a nominee for the position of chief executive officer, who meets the non-affiliation
requirements set forth for an external director, from requiring shareholder approval, if such engagement is consistent with our office
holder compensation policy and our compensation committee determines based on specified arguments that presentation of such engagement
to shareholder approval is likely to prevent such engagement. To the extent that any such transaction with a controlling shareholder is
for a period exceeding three years, approval is required once every three years. A director or office holder
may not be present when the board of directors of a company discusses or votes upon a transaction in which he or she has a personal interest,
except in case of ordinary transactions, unless the chairman of the board of directors determines that he or she should be present to
present the transaction that is subject to approval. ● | Shareholder approval. We will seek shareholder approval for all corporate actions requiring such approval under the requirements of the Companies Law, rather than seeking approval for corporation actions in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635. In particular, under this Nasdaq Stock Market rule, shareholder approval is generally required for: (i) an acquisition of shares/assets of another company that involves the issuance of 20% or more of the acquirer’s shares or voting rights or if a director, officer or 5% shareholder has greater than a 5% interest in the target company or the consideration to be received; (ii) the issuance of shares leading to a change of control; (iii) adoption/amendment of equity compensation arrangements (although under the provisions of the Companies Law there is no requirement for shareholder approval for the adoption/amendment of the equity compensation plan); and (iv) issuances of 20% or more of the shares or voting rights (including securities convertible into, or exercisable for, equity) of a listed company via a private placement (and/or via sales by directors/officers/5% shareholders) if such equity is issued (or sold) below a specified minimum price. By contrast, under the Companies Law, shareholder approval is required for, among other things: (i) transactions with directors concerning the terms of their service or indemnification, exemption and insurance for their service (or for any other position that they may hold at a company), for which approvals of the compensation committee, board of directors and shareholders are all required, (ii) extraordinary transactions with controlling shareholders of publicly held companies, including private offerings to controlling shareholders, which require the special majority, and (iii) terms of employment or other engagement of the controlling shareholder of us or such controlling shareholder’s relative, which require the special majority. In addition, under the Companies Law, a merger requires approval of the shareholders of each of the merging companies. 79 ● | Approval of Related Party Transactions. All related party transactions are approved in accordance with the requirements and procedures for approval of interested party acts and transaction as set forth in the Companies Law, which requires the approval of the audit committee, or the compensation committee, as the case may be, the board of directors and shareholders, as may be applicable, for specified transactions, rather than approval by the audit committee or other independent body of our board of directors as required under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. ● | Annual Shareholders Meeting. As opposed to the Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5620(a), which mandates that a listed company hold its annual shareholders meeting within one year of the company’s fiscal year-end, we are required, under the Companies Law, to hold an annual shareholders within 15 months of the last annual shareholders meeting, and in any case once every calendar year. ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS Not applicable. ITEM 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES Not applicable. ITEM 16K. CYBERSECURITY We recognize the critical importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers,
clients, business partners and employees. The board of directors is actively involved in oversight of our crisis management plan, or the
Crisis Management Plan, and cybersecurity represents an important component of our overall approach to risk management. Our cybersecurity
policies, standards, processes and practices are fully integrated into our Crisis Management Plan and are based on recognized frameworks
established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and other applicable
industry standards. In general, we seek to address cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach that is focused
on preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store by identifying, preventing and
mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. 80 Risk Management
and Strategy As
part of the critical elements of our overall risk management approach, our cybersecurity program is focused on the following key areas: ● | Governance: As discussed in more detail under the heading “Governance,” the board of directors’ oversight of cybersecurity risk management is supported by the Crisis Management Team, or CMT, which regularly interacts with it and with Mr. Yaniv Luzon, our Chief Information Security Officer, or CISO, other members of management and relevant management committees. ● | Collaborative Approach: We implemented a comprehensive, cross-functional approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner. ● | Technical Safeguards: We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality and access controls, which are evaluated and improved through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence. ● | Incident Response and Recovery Planning: We have established and maintain a comprehensive Crisis Management Plan that fully addresses our response to a cybersecurity incident, and such plan is tested and evaluated on a regular basis. ● | Third-Party Risk Management: We maintain a comprehensive, risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of our systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. ● | Education and Awareness: We provide regular, mandatory training for personnel regarding cybersecurity threats as a means to equip our personnel with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and to communicate our evolving information security policies, standards, processes and practices. We engage in the periodic
assessment and testing of our policies, standards, processes and practices that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents.
These efforts include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, tabletop exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing,
and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures and planning. We may engage third parties to
perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews
of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. The results of such assessments, audits and reviews are reported
to the CMT and to Company’s management, and we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary
based on the information provided by these assessments, audits and reviews. For further information, see “Item 3.D. Risk Factors—General
Risk Factors-- Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or breaches of our data security could adversely affect
our business. ” 81 Governance The board of directors, in
coordination with the CMT, oversees our risk management process, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats.
Company’s management and the CMT each receive regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range
of topics including recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat
environment, technological trends and information security considerations arising with respect to our peers and third parties. The board
of directors and CMT also receive prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting
thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. On an annual basis, Company’s management
and the CMT discuss our approach to cybersecurity risk management with the members of the Cybersecurity Council, which includes the Company’s
CISO. The CISO, in
coordination with the CMT, which includes our CEO, CFO, COO, President, Human Resources, General Counsel, and Global IT Director,
works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity
threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident response and recovery
plans. To facilitate the success of our cybersecurity Crisis Management Plan, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are
deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these
teams, the CISO and the CMT monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents in
real time and report such threats and incidents to the board of directors when appropriate. Mr. Luzon has been our CISO
since November 2021. He has several years of experience in security management. Prior to joining our Company, from 2016 through 2021,
he served as Information Security Manager for the Israeli Ministry of Religious Services. Mr. Luzon has an M.B.A. from the College of
Management and Academic Studies. He is a Technion Certified CISO, Information Security, of Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. Cybersecurity threats, including
as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected or are reasonably likely to affect our Company, including
our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. 82 PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated financial statements and the
related notes required by this Item are included in this annual report on Form 20-F beginning on page F-1. ITEM 19. EXHIBITS The exhibits filed with or incorporated into this
Annual Report are listed below. Exhibit | Description
1.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Nano Dimension Ltd., filed as exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K filed on December 11, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference.
2.1 | Amended and Restated Form of Depositary Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2019, among Nano Dimension Ltd., The Bank of New York Mellon as Depositary, and owners and holders from time to time of ADSs issued thereunder, including the Form of American Depositary Shares, filed as Exhibit 1 to the Form F-6 (File No. 333-252477) filed on January 27, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference.
2.2 | Description of Securities, filed herewith.
4.1^ | Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated April 2, 2015, by and between the Company and Yissum Research Development Company of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ltd., filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 20-F/A filed on February 29, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.2 | Nano Dimension Ltd. Employee Stock Option Plan (2015), filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-269436) filed on January 27, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.3 | Nano Dimension Ltd. Amended and Restated Executive Officers Compensation Policy, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K filed on June 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.4 | Form of Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated January 30, 2019, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form F-1 (File No. 001-228521) filed on January 30, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.5 | Form of Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated September 4, 2019, filed as Exhibit 99.4 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 83 4.6 | Form of Series A Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated August 5, 2020, between Nano Dimension Ltd. and Stern YOI Ltd. Partnership, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Form F-3 (File No. 333-252848), filed on February 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.7 | Form of Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated September 6, 2020, between Nano Dimension Ltd. and YEDNE LLC, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Form F-3 (File No. 333-252848), filed on February 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.8 | Form of Indemnification Agreement, filed herewith.
4.9 | Rights Agreement, dated January 25, 2024, by and between Nano Dimension Ltd. and the Bank of New York Mellon, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-37600), filed on January 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference.
8.1 | List of Subsidiaries, filed herewith.
12.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed herewith.
12.2 | Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed herewith.
13.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, furnished herewith.
13.2 | Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, furnished herewith.
15.1 | Consent of Somekh Chaikin (Member firm of KPMG International), filed herewith.
97.1 | Nano Dimension Ltd. Clawback Policy, dated November 27, 2023, filed herewith.
101 | The following financial information from the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Financial Position; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) ^ | Confidential treatment was granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to 17.C.F.R. §240.24b-2. Omitted portions were filed separately with the SEC . 84 SIGNATURES The registrant hereby certifies that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report
on Form 20-F filed on its behalf. NANO DIMENSION LTD.
Date: March 21, 2024 | By: | /s/ Yoav Stern
Yoav Stern
Chief Executive Officer 85 Table of Contents Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Somekh Chaikin, Tel Aviv, Israel, Auditor Firm ID: 1057) | F-2
Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2023
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity | F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows | F-9
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-10 - F-53 F- 1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Nano Dimension Ltd.: Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements
of financial position of Nano Dimension Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the related consolidated
statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on criteria established
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Basis for Opinions The Company’s management is responsible for
these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an
opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. F- 2 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ Somekh Chaikin Member Firm of KPMG International We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2015. Tel-Aviv, Israel March 21, 2024 F- 3 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as at
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) December 31,
Note | 2022 | 2023
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents | 4.A | 685,362 | 309,571
Bank deposits | 4.C | 346,663 | 541,967
Restricted deposits | 4.B | 60 | 60
Trade receivables | 5.A | 6,342 | 12,710
Other receivables | 5.B | 6,491 | 11,290
Inventory | 6 | 19,400 | 18,390
Total current assets | 1,064,318 | 893,988
Restricted deposits | 4.B | 850 | 881
Investment in securities | 20.C | 114,984 | 138,446
Deferred tax | 16.E | 115 | —
Other receivables | 5.B | 809 | —
Property plant and equipment, net | 7 | 5,843 | 16,716
Right-of-use assets | 21 | 16,539 | 12,072
Intangible assets | 8 | — | 2,235
Total non-current assets | 139,140 | 170,350
Total assets | 1,203,458 | 1,064,338
Liabilities
Trade payables | 3,722 | 4,696
Financial derivatives and deferred consideration | 20.D | 8,798 | —
Other payables | 10 | 24,150 | 29,738
Current portion of other long-term liability | 363 | 38
Total current liabilities | 37,033 | 34,472
Liability in respect of government grants | 11 | 1,492 | 1,895
Employee benefits | 18 | 1,462 | 2,773
Liability in respect of warrants | 20.D | 69 | —
Lease liability | 21 | 12,374 | 8,742
Deferred tax liabilities | 16.E | — | 75
Loan from banks | 736 | 595
Total non-current liabilities | 16,133 | 14,080
Total liabilities | 53,166 | 48,552 Equity December 31,
Note | 2022 | 2023
Non-controlling interests | 767 | 1,011
Share capital | 12 | 388,406 | 400,700
Share premium and capital reserves | 1,296,194 | 1,299,542
Treasury shares | ( 1,509 | ) | ( 97,896 | )
Foreign currency translation reserve | 583 | 2,929
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liability (IAS 19) | 2,508 | 707
Accumulated loss | ( 536,657 | ) | ( 591,207 | )
Equity attributable to owners of the Company | 1,149,525 | 1,014,775
Total equity | 1,150,292 | 1,015,786
Total liabilities and equity | 1,203,458 | 1,064,338 F- 4 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) For the Year Ended
December 31,
Note | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Revenues | 13 | 10,493 | 43,633 | 56,314
Cost of revenues | 14 | 5,730 | 24,943 | 30,759
Cost of revenues - write-down of inventories and amortization of assets recognized in business combination and technology | 8 | 3,641 | 4,639 | 97
Total cost of revenues | 9,371 | 29,582 | 30,856
Gross profit | 1,122 | 14,051 | 25,458
Research and development expenses, net | 15.A | 41,686 | 75,763 | 62,004
Sales and marketing expenses | 15.B | 22,713 | 38,833 | 31,707
General and administrative expenses | 15.C | 19,644 | 30,457 | 58,254
Other income, net | 15.D | — | — | 1,627
Impairment losses on intangible assets | 8 | 140,290 | 40,523 | —
Operating loss | ( 223,211 | ) | ( 171,525 | ) | ( 124,880 | )
Finance income | 15.E | 17,909 | 22,965 | 70,934
Finance expenses | 15.E | 428 | 79,471 | 1,652
Loss before taxes on income | ( 205,730 | ) | ( 228,031 | ) | ( 55,598 | )
Taxes benefit (expenses) | 16 | 4,906 | ( 264 | ) | ( 62 | )
Loss for the year | ( 200,824 | ) | ( 228,295 | ) | ( 55,660 | )
Loss attributable to non-controlling interests | ( 47 | ) | ( 872 | ) | ( 1,110 | )
Loss attributable to owners | ( 200,777 | ) | ( 227,423 | ) | ( 54,550 | )
Loss per share
Basic loss per share | 17.A | ( 0.81 | ) | ( 0.88 | ) | ( 0.22 | )
Diluted loss per share | 17.B | ( 0.83 | ) | ( 0.88 | ) | ( 0.22 | )
Other comprehensive income items that after initial recognition in comprehensive income were or will be transferred to profit or loss
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations | ( 46 | ) | ( 844 | ) | 2,368
Other comprehensive income items that will not be transferred to profit or loss
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liability (IAS 19), net of tax | 18 | — | 2,508 | ( 1,801 | )
Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year | ( 46 | ) | 1,664 | 567
Total comprehensive loss for the year | ( 200,870 | ) | ( 226,631 | ) | ( 55,093 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests | ( 69 | ) | ( 892 | ) | ( 1,088 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company | ( 200,801 | ) | ( 225,739 | ) | ( 54,005 | ) F- 5 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Share capital | Share premium and capital reserves | Remeasurement of IAS 19 | Treasury shares | Foreign currency translation reserve | Accumulated loss | Total | Non-controlling interests | Total equity
For the year ended December 31, 2023:
Balance as of January 1, 2023 | 388,406 | 1,296,194 | 2,508 | ( 1,509 | ) | 583 | ( 536,657 | ) | 1,149,525 | 767 | 1,150,292
Investment of non-controlling party in subsidiary | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 1,332 | 1,332
Loss for the year | — | — | — | — | — | ( 54,550 | ) | ( 54,550 | ) | ( 1,110 | ) | ( 55,660 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year | — | — | ( 1,801 | ) | — | 2,346 | — | 545 | 22 | 567
Exercise of warrants, options and vesting of RSUs | 12,294 | ( 12,294 | ) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Repurchase of treasury shares | — | — | — | ( 96,387 | ) | — | — | ( 96,387 | ) | — | ( 96,387 | )
Share-based payment acquired | — | ( 4,459 | ) | — | — | — | — | ( 4,459 | ) | — | ( 4,459 | )
Share-based payments | — | 20,101 | — | — | — | — | 20,101 | — | 20,101
Balance as of December 31, 2023 | 400,700 | 1,299,542 | 707 | ( 97,896 | ) | 2,929 | ( 591,207 | ) | 1,014,775 | 1,011 | 1,015,786 F- 6 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Share capital | Share premium and capital reserves | Remeasurement of IAS 19 | Treasury shares | Presentation / Foreign currency translation reserve | Accumulated loss | Total | Non-controlling interests | Total equity
For the year ended December 31, 2022:
Balance as of January 1, 2022 | 386,665 | 1,266,027 | — | ( 1,509 | ) | 1,407 | ( 309,234 | ) | 1,343,356 | 875 | 1,344,231
Investment of non-controlling party in subsidiary | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 784 | 784
Loss for the year | — | — | — | — | — | ( 227,423 | ) | ( 227,423 | ) | ( 872 | ) | ( 228,295 | )
Other comprehensive loss for the year | — | — | 2,508 | — | ( 824 | ) | — | 1,684 | ( 20 | ) | 1,664
Exercise of warrants, options and vesting of RSUs | 1,741 | ( 1,741 | ) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Share-based payment acquired | — | ( 1,005 | ) | — | — | — | — | ( 1,005 | ) | — | ( 1,005 | )
Share-based payments | — | 32,913 | — | — | — | — | 32,913 | — | 32,913
Balance as of December 31, 2022 | 388,406 | 1,296,194 | 2,508 | ( 1,509 | ) | 583 | ( 536,657 | ) | 1,149,525 | 767 | 1,150,292 F- 7 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Share capital | Share premium and capital reserves | Treasury shares | Presentation / Foreign currency translation reserve | Accumulated loss | Total | Non-controlling interests | Total equity
For the year ended December 31, 2021:
Balance as of January 1, 2021 | 257,225 | 518,426 | ( 1,509 | ) | 1,431 | ( 108,457 | ) | 667,116 | — | 667,116
Investment of non-controlling party in subsidiary | — | — | — | — | — | — | 944 | 944
Loss for the year | — | — | — | — | ( 200,777 | ) | ( 200,777 | ) | ( 47 | ) | ( 200,824 | )
Other comprehensive loss for the year | — | — | — | ( 24 | ) | — | ( 24 | ) | ( 22 | ) | ( 46 | )
Issuance of ordinary shares, net (*) | 114,024 | 682,322 | — | — | — | 796,346 | — | 796,346
Exercise of warrants, options and vesting of RSUs | 6,219 | ( 3,176 | ) | — | — | — | 3,043 | — | 3,043
Share issuance as part of business combination | 9,197 | 29,522 | — | — | — | 38,719 | — | 38,719
Share-based payments | — | 38,933 | — | — | — | 38,933 | — | 38,933
Balance as of December 31, 2021 | 386,665 | 1,266,027 | ( 1,509 | ) | 1,407 | ( 309,234 | ) | 1,343,356 | 875 | 1,344,231 (*) | See Note 12 for more information regarding issuance of ordinary shares. F- 8 Nano Dimension Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) For the Year Ended December 31,
Statements of Cash Flows | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Cash flow from operating activities:
Net loss | ( 200,824 | ) | ( 228,295 | ) | ( 55,660 | )
Adjustments:
Depreciation and amortization | 7,383 | 7,283 | 6,544
Impairment losses | 140,290 | 40,523 | —
Financing income net | ( 6,873 | ) | ( 1,769 | ) | ( 46,281 | )
Revaluation of financial liabilities accounted at fair value | ( 10,608 | ) | ( 4,516 | ) | 461
Revaluation of financial assets accounted at fair value | — | 62,791 | ( 23,462 | )
Loss from disposal of property plant and equipment and right-of-use assets | 567 | 948 | 326
Increase in deferred tax | ( 5,013 | ) | ( 581 | ) | ( 11 | )
Share-based payments | 29,782 | 32,563 | 20,101
Other | ( 70 | ) | 166 | 164
155,458 | 137,408 | ( 42,158 | )
Changes in assets and liabilities:
(Increase) decrease in inventory | 2,382 | ( 4,603 | ) | ( 340 | )
Increase in other receivables | ( 429 | ) | ( 1,978 | ) | ( 5,775 | )
Increase in trade receivables | ( 449 | ) | ( 1,992 | ) | ( 5,603 | )
Increase in other payables | 1,139 | 5,281 | 4,856
Increase (decrease) in employee benefits | — | 1,497 | ( 1,478 | )
Increase in trade payables | 74 | 628 | 1,089
2,717 | ( 1,167 | ) | ( 7,251 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | ( 42,649 | ) | ( 92,054 | ) | ( 105,069 | )
Cash flow from investing activities:
Change in bank deposits | ( 416,019 | ) | 141,555 | ( 189,060 | )
Interest received | 3,706 | 17,465 | 41,529
Change in restricted bank deposits | ( 32 | ) | ( 327 | ) | ( 27 | )
Acquisition of property plant and equipment | ( 9,761 | ) | ( 9,388 | ) | ( 9,098 | )
Acquisition of intangible asset | — | — | ( 1,524 | )
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired | ( 74,574 | ) | ( 31,057 | ) | —
Payment of a liability for contingent consideration in a business combination | — | ( 10,708 | ) | ( 9,255 | )
Acquisition of financial assets in fair value through profit and loss | — | ( 177,775 | ) | —
Decrease in deposit in escrow | — | 3,362 | —
Other | — | ( 800 | ) | 835
Net cash used in investing activities | ( 496,680 | ) | ( 67,673 | ) | ( 166,600 | )
Cash flow from financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, warrants and convertible notes, net | 805,497 | — | —
Exercise of warrants and options | 212 | — | —
Lease payments | ( 1,494 | ) | ( 4,151 | ) | ( 4,823 | )
Repayment long-term bank debt | ( 814 | ) | ( 406 | ) | ( 536 | )
Proceeds from non-controlling interests | 944 | 510 | 1,089
Amounts recognized in respect of government grants liability | ( 96 | ) | ( 221 | ) | ( 298 | )
Payments of share price protection recognized in business combination | — | ( 1,005 | ) | ( 4,459 | )
Repurchase of treasury shares | — | — | ( 96,387 | )
Net cash from (used in) financing activities | 804,249 | ( 5,273 | ) | ( 105,414 | )
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | 264,920 | ( 165,000 | ) | ( 377,083 | )
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year | 585,338 | 853,626 | 685,362
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash | 3,368 | ( 3,264 | ) | 1,292
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year | 853,626 | 685,362 | 309,571
Non-cash transactions:
Intangible asset acquired on credit | — | — | 711
Property plant and equipment acquired on credit | 249 | 52 | 214
Recognition of a right-of-use asset | 1,919 | 15,196 | 929
Conversion of convertible notes and warrants to equity | 2,830 | — | — F- 9 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note 1 – General A. | Reporting Entity Nano Dimension Ltd. (the “Company”) is an Israeli resident
company incorporated in Israel. The address of the Company’s registered office is 2 Ilan Ramon St., Ness Ziona, Israel. Unless otherwise
indicated, all references to the “Company,” refer to Nano Dimension Ltd. and its subsidiaries, Global Inkjet Systems Ltd.
(“GIS”), a United Kingdom corporation, Nano Dimension Technologies Ltd. (“Nano Tech”), an Israeli corporation,
Essemtec AG (“Essemtec”) and Nano Dimension Swiss GmbH (“Nano Swiss”), Swiss corporations, Formatec Holding B.V.
(“ Formatec Holding”), Admatec Europe B.V. (“Admatec”), and Formatec
Technical Ceramics B.V. (“Formatec”), Dutch corporations, Nano Dimension USA Inc. (“Nano USA”), a Delaware corporation,
Essemtec USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Nano Dimension GmbH (“Nano Germany”) and Essemtec Deutschland GmbH,
German corporations, Nano Dimension Australia Pty Ltd. (“Nano Australia”), an Australian corporation, Nano Dimension (HK)
Limited, a Hong Kong corporation, Essemtec France SAS, a French corporation, Nano Dimension NY Ltd., a New York corporation, and Nano
Dimension Trading (Shenzhen) Ltd., a Chinese corporation. The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2023,
comprise the Company and its subsidiaries in Israel, in the United States, in Switzerland, in Germany, in the United Kingdom, in the Netherlands,
Australia and in Hong Kong (together referred to as the “Group”). The Company engages in advance additive manufacturing (also
known as “3D”) solutions. Since March 2016, the Company’s American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) have been
trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”). Since August 25, 2014, the Company has devoted substantially all of
its financial resources to develop its products and has financed its operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities. The
amount of the Company’s future net profits or losses will depend, in part, on the rate of its future expenditures, its ability to
generate significant revenues from the sale of its products, and its ability to obtain funding through the issuance of securities, strategic
collaborations or grants. In the fourth quarter of 2017 the Group began commercializing its products and its ability to generate significant
revenues and achieve profitability depends on its ability to successfully complete the development of, and to continue to commercialize,
its products, including consumables. B. | Material events in the reporting period (1) | Change in interest curves and inflation expectations Since 2021, inflation rates in Israel and the world have been rising
– in 2021 and 2022, the Consumer Price Index in Israel increased, an increase that continued also in 2023. Along with the worldwide
rise in prices, central banks around the world decided to raise interest rates with the aim of curbing rising prices. The changes in interest
rates and the rise in inflation rates had a significant effect on items in the financial statements as described in the following notes: ● | Note 18 on employee benefits, with respect to remeasurement of actuarial liabilities. ● | Note 20 on financial risks, with respect to linkage and currency risk. (2) | Iron Swords War in Israel On October 7, 2023, Hamas terrorists infiltrated Israel’s southern
border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets. Hamas also launched extensive rocket attacks
on Israeli population and industrial centers located along Israel’s border with the Gaza Strip and in other areas within the State
of Israel. These attacks resulted in extensive deaths, injuries and kidnapping of civilians and soldiers. Following the attack, Israel’s
security cabinet declared war against Hamas and a military campaign against these terrorist organizations commenced in parallel to their
continued rocket and terror attacks (the “Iron Swords War”). Following this, there was a decrease in Israel’s economic
and business activity. The security situation has led, inter alia, to a disruption in the chain of supply and production, a decrease in
the volume of national transportation, a shortage in manpower as well as a decrease in the value of financial assets and a rise in the
exchange rate of foreign currencies in relation to the NIS. There was no material impact on the Company’s operations and revenues. F- 10 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note 2 – Basis of Preparation A. | Statement of compliance The consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance
by the Company’s board of directors on March 20, 2024. B. | Functional and presentation currency These consolidated financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars (“USD”), which is the Company’s functional currency, and have been rounded to the nearest
thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The USD is the currency that represents the principal economic environment in which the Company
operates. C. | Basis of measurement The consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities: ● | Financial instruments, derivatives and other assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss; ● | Deferred tax assets and liabilities; and ● | Assets and liabilities for employee benefits. For further information regarding the
measurement of these assets and liabilities see Note 3 regarding material accounting policies. D. | Operating Cycle The operating cycle period of the Group
is 12 months. E. | Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board requires management to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual
results may differ from these estimates. The preparation of accounting estimates
used in the preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management of the Company to make assumptions regarding circumstances
and events that involve considerable uncertainty. The Company’s management prepares the estimates on the basis of past experiences,
various facts, external circumstances, and reasonable assumptions according to the pertinent circumstances of each estimate. Estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the
estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. F- 11 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Information about assumptions made by
the Group with respect to the future and other reasons for uncertainty with respect to estimates that have a significant risk of resulting
in a material adjustment to carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the next financial year are included in the following notes: – | Acquisitions of subsidiary The Group measures the fair value of
the consideration transferred (including contingent consideration) and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in business
combination transactions. For information on details on fair value measurement in acquisition of subsidiaries, see Note 9 regarding business
combinations. – | Estimated impairment of non-financial assets In 2021 and 2022, the Group examined
whether there was an impairment of goodwill, intangibles and property, plant and equipment that were allocated to cash generating units,
in accordance with the accounting policy presented in Note 3 below. Recoverable amounts of cash-generating units were determined on the
basis of value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates. During those years, 2021 and 2022,
there was a decline in the value of the Group’s cash-generating units to which goodwill is allocated. Given the recoverable amount
of the said cash-generating units, determined on the basis of the value in use of the units, the goodwill, intangibles and property, plant
and equipment relating to the Group of the said cash-generating units was reduced by approximately $ 40,523 and $ 140,290 in the years 2022
and 2021, respectively. For information on key assumptions
used in calculation of the recoverable amount, see Note 8.D regarding intangible assets and Note 7 regarding property, plant and equipment. – | Fair value measurement of financial instruments The Company accounts for financial
liabilities relating to contingent liabilities arising from a business combination, warrants and related derivatives at fair value through
profit or loss. The fair values of these instruments are determined by using the Monte Carlo simulation method and the Black-Scholes model
and assumptions regarding unobservable inputs used in the valuation model including the probability of meeting revenue targets, and weighted
average cost of capital, all of which can lead to profit or loss from a change in the fair value of these instruments. When determining the fair value of
an asset or liability, the Group uses observable market data as much as possible. There are three levels of fair value measurements in
the fair value hierarchy that are based on the data used in the measurement, as follows: ● | Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. ● | Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly. ● | Level 3: inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). For information on details regarding
fair value measurement at Level 2 and sensitivity analysis see Note 20.D regarding financial instruments. F- 12 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) F. | Initial application of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations Amendment to IAS 1, Presentation of
Financial Statements: “Disclosure of Accounting Policies” (“the Amendment”) According to the Amendment, companies
must provide disclosure of their material accounting policies rather than their material Accounting Policies. Pursuant to the Amendment,
accounting policy information is material if, when considered with other information disclosed in the financial statements, it can be
reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the users of the financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. The Amendment also clarifies that accounting
policy information is expected to be material if, without it, the users of the financial statements would be unable to understand other
material information in the financial statements. The Amendment also clarifies that immaterial accounting policy information need not
be disclosed. The Amendment is initially applied in
the annual financial statements for 2023. As a result of applying the Amendment, the extent of the accounting policy disclosure provided
in the financial statements for 2023 was reduced and adjusted according to the Company’s specific circumstances. Note 3 – Material Accounting Policies The accounting policies of the Group set out below
have been applied consistently for all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements, and have been applied consistently
by Group entities. A. | Basis of consolidation (1) | Business combination The Group accounts for business combinations
using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred
to the Group. In determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets
and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce
outputs. If substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of
similar identifiable assets, then the Group may implement the concentration test, according to which the set of assets and activities
acquired do not constitute a business. Control exists when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
with the acquiree and it has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the acquiree. Substantive rights held by the Group
and others are taken into account when assessing control. The Group recognizes goodwill on an
acquisition according to the fair value of the consideration transferred, less the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
the liabilities assumed. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any contingent consideration is measured
at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument
is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration
is classified as a financial liability and remeasured at fair value at each reporting date, and subsequent changes in the fair value of
the contingent consideration are recognized in profit or loss. If share-based payment awards (“replacement
awards”) are required to be exchanged for awards held by the acquiree’s employees (“acquiree’s awards”),
then all or a portion of the amount of the acquirer’s replacement awards is included in measuring the consideration transferred
in the business combination. This determination is based on the market-based measure of the replacement awards compared with the market-based
measure of the acquiree’s awards and the extent to which the replacement awards relate to pre-combination service. F- 13 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (2) | Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are entities controlled
by the Group. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control is lost. The accounting policies of the subsidiaries are aligned with the policies adopted by the
Group. (3) | Non-controlling interest Non-controlling interests comprise the
equity of a subsidiary that cannot be attributed, directly or indirectly, to the parent company. Profit or loss and any part of other
comprehensive income are allocated to the owners of the Company and the non-controlling interests. Total profit or loss and other comprehensive
income is allocated to the owners of the Company and the non-controlling interests even if the result is a negative balance of non-controlling
interests. B. | Foreign currency (1) | Foreign currency transactions Transactions in currencies other than the USD are translated into the
functional currency of the Group at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign currency gain
or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for
effective interest and payments during the year, and the amortized cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end
of the year. Non-monetary items that are measured
in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences arising from translation are recognized
in profit or loss. (2) | Index linked financial items Financial assets and liabilities which
according to their terms are linked to changes in the Israeli Consumer Price Index (the “Index”) are adjusted according to
the relevant Index on every reporting date in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Linkage differences deriving from said adjustment
are recorded to profit and loss. (3) | Foreign operations The assets and liabilities of foreign
operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising upon acquisition, are translated to USD at exchange rates at the reporting
date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to USD at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions, mainly the
average exchange rates during the period. Foreign currency differences are recognized
in other comprehensive income and are presented in equity in the foreign currency translation reserve (hereinafter – “translation
reserve”). When a foreign operation is disposed
of such that control is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to profit
or loss as a part of the gain or loss on disposal. F- 14 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Generally, foreign currency differences
from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation, including foreign operations that are subsidiaries, are recognized
in profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements. (4) Below are details regarding the
Consumer Price Index of the New Israeli Shekel (“NIS”) and the exchange rate of Euro, Swiss Franc (“CHF”) and
British Pound (“GBP”): Consumer Price Index | Euro | CHF | NIS | GBP
December 31, 2023 | 111.20 | 1.11 | 1.19 | 0.28 | 1.27
December 31, 2022 | 108.00 | 1.07 | 1.08 | 0.28 | 1.20
December 31, 2021 | 102.60 | 1.13 | 1.09 | 0.32 | 1.35
Change in percentages:
Year ended December 31, 2023 | 2.96 | 3.71 | 9.70 | ( 2.98 | ) | 5.80
Year ended December 31, 2022 | 5.26 | ( 5.62 | ) | ( 0.54 | ) | ( 11.62 | ) | ( 10.80 | )
Year ended December 31, 2021 | 1.48 | ( 7.38 | ) | ( 3.54 | ) | 3.23 | ( 0.74 | ) C. | Revenue recognition The Group recognizes revenue when the
customer obtains control over the promised goods or services. On the contract’s inception date, the Group assesses the goods or
services promised in the contract with the customer and identifies as a performance obligation any promise to transfer to the customer
goods or services (or a bundle of goods or services) that are distinct. The Group identifies goods or services
promised to the customer as being distinct when the customer can benefit from the goods or services on their own or in conjunction with
other readily available resources and the Group’s promise to transfer the goods or services to the customer is separately identifiable
from other promises in the contract. The Group’s identified performance obligations include: printer, ink, maintenance (which is
generally provided for a period of up to one year), training and installation. In some cases, the Group recognizes
a warranty as a distinct service to the customer and is, therefore, a distinct performance obligation. Revenue is allocated among performance
obligations in a manner that reflects the consideration that the Group expects to be entitled to for the promised goods based on the standalone
selling prices (“SSP”) of the goods or services of each performance obligation. The Group allocates the transaction
price to the identified performance obligations based on the residual approach, while allocating the estimated standalone selling prices
for performance obligations relating to maintenance, training and installation services, and the residual is allocated to the printer. Revenues allocated to the printers,
installation and training, and ink and other consumables are recognized when the control is passed in accordance with the contract terms
at a point in time. Maintenance revenue is recognized ratably,
on a straight-line basis, over the period of the services. Revenue from training and installation is recognized at the time of performance. Revenues from the provision of development
services, which are contingent on the existence of milestones, are recognized solely on the existence of the relevant milestone. When the consideration for the contract
is in a form other than cash, the Group measures the non-cash consideration at fair value. In trade-up contracts, the Group delivers new
printer and receives previous model printer and cash. The Group needs to evaluate the fair value of the printer received. In doing so,
the Group measures the difference between the SSP of the new printer and the cash received. F- 15 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) D. | Financial instruments (1) | Trade receivables The Group initially recognizes trade
receivables on the date that they are created. A trade receivables without a significant financing component is initially measured at
the transaction price and subsequently measured at amortized cost. Receivables originating from contract assets are initially measured
at the carrying amount of the contract assets on the date classification was changed from contract asset to receivables. On each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the trade receivables
carried at amortized cost are credit-impaired. The Group’s policy for estimating the credit losses on trade receivables includes
analysis of such items as aging, credit worthiness, payment history, and historical bad debt experience. Provisions for expected credit losses
of financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the financial assets. (2) | Investment in securities The Group measures investment in equity instruments in fair value through
profit and loss. (3) | Derivative financial liabilities Measurement of derivative financial
instruments Derivatives are recognized initially
at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value, and changes therein are recognized in profit
or loss, as financing income or expense. Inter alia, the Group implements the said accounting treatment to changes in the fair value of
warrants that contain a cashless exercise mechanism. For further information, see Note 20. (4) | Repurchase of share capital When share capital recognized as equity
is repurchased by the Group, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes directly attributable costs, net of any tax effects,
is recognized as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified as treasury shares. When treasury shares are sold or reissued
subsequently, the amount received is recognized as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus on the transaction is carried to share
premium, whereas a deficit on the transaction is deducted from retained earnings. E. | Property plant and equipment Property, plant and equipment are presented
according to cost, including directly attributed acquisition costs, minus accumulated depreciation and losses from accrued decrease in
value. The cost of printers used for internal
purposes, which are classified as property, plant and equipment, includes the cost of materials and direct labor, and any other costs
directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use. Depreciation is recognized in profit
or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of the fixed asset item, since this most closely reflects
the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset. F- 16 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The estimated useful lives for the current
and comparative periods are as follows: %
Machinery, equipment and vehicles | 7 – 25
Computers (mainly 33 %) | 10 – 33
Office furniture and equipment | 7 – 20
Leasehold Improvements (mainly 25 %) | 10 – 33
Buildings | 3.5 F. | Intangible assets (1) | Research and development Development expenditure is capitalized
only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits
are probable, and the Group has the intention and sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The Group did not capitalize development
expenses because the Group estimated that not all aforementioned conditions were met. (2) | Other intangible assets Other intangible assets that are acquired
by the Group are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. (3) | Amortization Amortization is recognized in profit
or loss on a straight-line basis, over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets from the date they are available for use, since
these methods most closely reflect the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in each asset. G. | Impairment of non-financial assets Determining cash-generating
units For the purpose of impairment testing,
assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing
use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”). The
Group recognized six cash generating units. Allocation of goodwill
to cash-generating units or a group of cash-generating units For the purposes of goodwill impairment
testing, cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed
reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination
is allocated to a group of cash-generating units, including those existing in the Group before the business combination, that are expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Therefore, the Group tests the goodwill acquired from the acquisitions of its subsidiaries,
at the Group’s level, since the goodwill cannot be allocated to individual cash-generating units. F- 17 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The Group’s corporate assets The Group recognizes technology assets,
including technology assets recognized in business combinations, as corporate assets that do not generate separate cash inflows and are
utilized by more than one cash-generating unit. Those technology assets cannot be allocated reasonably and consistently to cash-generating
units and therefore are allocated to the Group level. Recognition of impairment loss An impairment loss is recognized if
the carrying amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in
profit or loss. Impairment losses recognized in respect of a group of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the cash-generating units
on a pro rata basis. H. | Provisions A provision for claims is recognized
if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably and it is probable
that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. When the value of time is material, the provision is measured
at its present value. A provision for warranties is recognized
when the underlying products or services are sold. The provision is based on historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible
outcomes against their associated probabilities. I. | Government grants Grants received from the Israeli Innovation
Authority (“IIA”) are recognized as a liability according to their fair value on the date of their receipt. The amount of
the liability is reexamined each period, and any changes in the present value of the cash flows discounted at the original interest rate
of the grant are recognized in profit or loss. Expenses related to revaluation of the liability in respect of government grants were recognized
in the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as finance expenses. J. | Leases Upon initial recognition, the Group
recognizes a liability at the present value of the balance of future lease payments, and concurrently recognizes a right-of-use asset
at the same amount of the lease liability. Since the interest rate implicit in
the Group’s leases is not readily determinable, the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee is used. Subsequent to initial recognition,
the right-of-use asset is accounted for using the cost model, and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term
or useful life of the asset, as follows: Buildings | 1 - 5 years
Vehicles | 3 years The lease term is the non-cancellable
period of the lease plus periods covered by an extension or termination option if it is reasonably certain that the lessee will or will
not exercise the option, respectively. The Group has elected to apply the practical expedient by
which short-term leases of up to one year and/or leases in which the underlying asset has a low value, are accounted for such that lease
payments are recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis, over the lease term, without recognizing an asset and/or liability
in the statement of financial position. F- 18 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) For lease contracts that contain non-lease components, such as services
or maintenance, which are related to a lease component, the Group elected to account for the contract as a single lease component without
separating the components. K. | Financing income and expenses Financing income is comprised of interest
income on deposits, revaluation of liability in respect of government grants, foreign currency gains and fair value changes of financial
liabilities and assets through profit and loss. Financing expenses are comprised of
bank fees, exchange rate differences, revaluation of liability in respect of government grants and fair value changes of financial liabilities
through profit and loss. In the statements of cash flows, interest
paid is presented as part of cash flows from financing activities and interest received is presented as part of cash flows from investing
activities. Foreign currency gains and losses on
financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis as either financing income or financing expenses depending on whether
foreign currency movements are in a net gain or net loss position. L. | Income tax expense Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred
tax are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to a business combination or recognized directly in equity
or in other comprehensive income to the extent they relate to items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income. Deferred tax is recognized in respect
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for taxation purposes. A deferred tax asset is recognized for
unused tax losses, tax benefits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. Deferred tax assets that were not recognized
are reevaluated at each reporting date and recognized if it has become probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied
by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities
and assets on a net basis or their current tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously. For more information regarding the deferred
tax assets and liabilities, see note 16. M. | Employee benefits Post-employment benefits The Group’s liability for severance
pay for its employees is mainly calculated pursuant to Israeli Severance Pay Law (1963) (the “Severance Pay Law”). The Group’s
liability is covered by monthly deposits with severance pay funds and insurance policies. For most of the Group’s employees, the
payments to pension funds and to insurance companies exempt the Group from any obligation towards its employees, in accordance with Section
14 of the Severance Pay Law, which is accounted for as a defined contribution plan. Accumulated amounts in pension funds and in insurance
companies are not under the Group’s control or management and, accordingly, neither those amounts nor the corresponding accrual
for severance pay are presented in the consolidated statements of financial position. Post-employment benefits for Essemtec
employees are treated as defined benefit plans. F- 19 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) N. | Share-based payment transactions The Group mainly uses grants of restricted share units (“RSUs”)
in order to incentivize the performance of officers and other key employees, and to members of the board of directors and observers who
are not employees. The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards granted is recognized as a salary expense, with a corresponding
increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally entitled to the awards. Share-based payment arrangements
in which the subsidiary grants rights to parent company equity instruments to its employees are accounted for by the Group as equity-settled
share-based payment transactions. The
amount recognized as an expense in respect of share-based payment awards that are conditional upon meeting service and non-market performance
conditions, is adjusted to reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest. Note
4.A – Cash and cash equivalents December 31,
2022 | 2023
Denominated in NIS | 37,812 | 24,537
Denominated in USD | 639,318 | 278,993
Denominated in GBP | 2,643 | 663
Denominated in EURO | 4,176 | 3,913
Denominated in CHF | 1,380 | 1,437
Other | 33 | 28
685,362 | 309,571 Note
4.B – Restricted deposits The
Group has restricted deposits of $ 881 for the lease of its offices and labs and $ 60 for credit cards. The deposits are not linked and
bear an annual interest rate of 0.01 %- 5.1 %. The Group expects to lease its offices and labs
for a period of more than a year, thus the restricted deposit was classified as a non-current asset. The restricted deposit for the credit
cards was classified as a current asset. Note
4.C – Bank deposits The
Group has unrestricted bank deposits of $ 541,967 (2022: $ 346,663 ), which are presented under current assets. The deposits bear an annual
and fixed interest rate of betwee n 4.6 %- 7.17 %. The deposits period is between
three months to one year. F- 20 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
5.A – Trade receivables December 31,
2022 | 2023
Trade receivables | 6,770 | 13,370
Provision for impairment (*) | ( 428 | ) | ( 660 | )
6,342 | 12,710 (*) All impairment losses derive from contracts with customers. Note
5.B – Other receivables December 31,
2022 | 2023
Government authorities | 2,495 | 1,956
Prepaid expenses | 1,895 | 1,777
Others (*) | 2,910 | 7,557
7,300 | 11,290
Presented under current assets | 6,491 | 11,290
Presented under non-current assets | 809 | — (*) Including $ 6,353 in receivables for reimbursement of damaged inventory (see note 6). Note
6 – Inventory December 31,
2022 | 2023
Raw materials and work in progress | 14,924 | 12,134
Finished goods | 4,476 | 6,256
19,400 | 18,390 During the reporting period, the Group’s warehouse located in
the south of Israel suffered physical damage due to a direct missile hit related to the Iron Swords War, as described in Note 1(B)(2).
As a result, damaged inventory in the amount of $ 4,959 was written off. The damage was covered by government authorities, part of which
was received in November 2023, and the remainder in February 2024. The Group is in the process of claiming additional compensation from
its insurance policy, which compensates the profit margin of that inventory. The amount of $ 3,774 , which represents the net excess of
the receivables from the government authorities over the cost of the inventory damaged, was recognized in other income. F- 21 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
7 – Property plant and equipment, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles | Computers | Office furniture and equipment | Leasehold improvements | Raw materials for property | Buildings | Total
Cost
As of January 1, 2022 | 8,490 | 1,870 | 795 | 2,579 | 439 | 6,064 | 20,237
Acquisitions through business combinations | 391 | 65 | 120 | 43 | — | — | 619
Additions | 3,125 | 2,075 | 677 | 3,543 | — | 20 | 9,440
Disposals | ( 464 | ) | ( 23 | ) | — | — | ( 439 | ) | — | ( 926 | )
Effect of changes in exchange rates | 267 | ( 42 | ) | ( 1 | ) | ( 35 | ) | — | ( 24 | ) | 165
As of December 31, 2022 | 11,809 | 3,945 | 1,591 | 6,130 | — | 6,060 | 29,535
Additions | 7,179 | 984 | 241 | 3,509 | — | 110 | 12,023
Disposals | ( 393 | ) | ( 13 | ) | ( 23 | ) | ( 204 | ) | — | — | ( 633 | )
Effect of changes in exchange rates | 454 | 111 | 44 | 16 | — | 611 | 1,236
As of December 31, 2023 | 19,049 | 5,027 | 1,853 | 9,451 | — | 6,781 | 42,161
Depreciation accrued
As of January 1, 2022 | 8,490 | 1,870 | 795 | 935 | 439 | 18 | 12,547
Additions | 99 | 496 | 74 | 838 | — | 205 | 1,712
Impairment loss | 3,343 | 1,552 | 696 | 4,326 | ( 439 | ) | — | 9,478
Effect of changes in exchange rates | ( 123 | ) | 27 | 26 | 31 | — | ( 6 | ) | ( 45 | )
As of December 31, 2022 | 11,809 | 3,945 | 1,591 | 6,130 | — | 217 | 23,692
Additions | 921 | 169 | 70 | 581 | — | 231 | 1,972
Disposals | ( 253 | ) | ( 8 | ) | ( 7 | ) | ( 111 | ) | — | — | ( 379 | )
Effect of changes in exchange rates | ( 14 | ) | 81 | 43 | 11 | — | 39 | 160
As of December 31, 2023 | 12,463 | 4,187 | 1,697 | 6,611 | — | 487 | 25,445
Carrying amount
As of December 31, 2022 | — | — | — | — | — | 5,843 | 5,843
As of December 31, 2023 | 6,586 | 840 | 156 | 2,840 | — | 6,294 | 16,716 During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group acquired $ 726 (2022: $ 512 ) of property and equipment on credit. A. Impairment
loss As part of the impairment testing of cash generating units, impairment
losses of property, plant and equipment were recognized in 2022 and 2021 in the amount of approximately $ 9,478 and $ 8,031 . For further
information regarding the impairment test, see Note 8.D. F- 22 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
8 – Intangible assets A. | Movement in carrying amount Goodwill | Technology | Development Costs | Other intangible assets | Total
Cost
As of January 1, 2022 | 89,244 | 39,987 | 7,672 | 2,853 | 139,756
Acquisitions through business combinations | 22,050 | 8,902 | — | 2,497 | 33,449
Effect of changes in exchange rates | — | ( 453 | ) | — | 48 | ( 405 | )
As of December 31, 2022 | 111,294 | 48,436 | 7,672 | 5,398 | 172,800
Acquisitions of intangible | — | 2,235 | — | — | 2,235
As of December 31, 2023 | 111,294 | 50,671 | 7,672 | 5,398 | 175,035
Amortization and impairment losses
As of January 1, 2022 | ( 89,244 | ) | ( 39,987 | ) | ( 7,672 | ) | ( 2,853 | ) | ( 139,756 | )
Amortization for the year | — | ( 1,654 | ) | — | ( 348 | ) | ( 2,002 | )
Effect of changes in exchange rates | — | 13 | — | ( 10 | ) | 3
Impairment loss | ( 22,050 | ) | ( 39,987 | ) | — | ( 2,187 | ) | ( 31,045 | )
As of December 31, 2022 | ( 111,294 | ) | ( 48,436 | ) | ( 7,672 | ) | ( 5,398 | ) | ( 172,800 | )
As of December 31, 2023 | ( 111,294 | ) | ( 48,436 | ) | ( 7,672 | ) | ( 5,398 | ) | ( 172,800 | )
Carrying amount
As of December 31, 2022 | — | — | — | — | —
As of December 31, 2023 | — | 2,235 | — | — | 2,235 B. | Acquisitions In August 2023, the Group acquired the technology and intellectual
property of the U.K.-based company Additive Flow, which supplies solutions for 3D design simulation and optimization, for 1,760 thousand
GBP ($ 2,235 ). An amount of 1,200 thousand GBP ($ 1,524 ) was paid immediately, and the rest of the consideration was transferred to the
seller in February 2024. The Group intends to integrate Additive Flow’s technology as part of its research and development. Therefore,
the acquired intangible asset has not yet begun to be amortized. C. | Amortization No
amortization was recognized in 2023. In 2022, the current amortization of technology and of development costs and backlogs (included
in “other intangibles assets”) was allocated to the cost of revenues. The current amortization of trademarks (included in
“other intangibles assets”) was recognized in selling and distribution expenses. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line
basis, except for backlogs which were amortized when inventory was sold. D. | Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill In
2022 and 2021, for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to a group of
cash-generating units, including those existing in the Group before the business combination, that are expected to benefit from the synergies
of the combination. Therefore, the Group tested the goodwill acquired from the acquisition of GIS and Formatec Holding (2021: the goodwill
acquired from the acquisition of DeepCube, NanoFabrica and Essemtec), at the Group’s level, since the goodwill cannot be allocated
to individual cash-generating units. Moreover, the Group recognized technology assets that were acquired in business combinations, as
corporate assets that do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilized by more than one cash-generating unit. Those technology
assets could not be allocated reasonably and consistently to cash-generating units and therefore were allocated to the Group level. F- 23 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The estimated recoverable amount of the cash generating units was based
on the higher between the fair value less costs of disposal and the value-in-use of the Group. The value-in-use was determined by discounting
the future cash flows to be generated from the continuing use of the Group, with the assistance of independent valuers. The carrying amount
of the cash-generating units was determined to be higher than its recoverable amount and impairment losses of $ 40,523 and $ 140,290 were
recognized in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment losses were allocated to goodwill, intangible assets and property plant and
equipment. The
estimated fair value less cost of sale of some property, plant and equipment assets and right of use assets was higher than its carrying
amount, and therefore the impairment loss was not allocated to those assets. Key
assumptions used in calculation of recoverable amount Key
assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amounts are discount rates, revenues terminal value growth rates and EBITDA (earnings
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) margins. These assumptions are as follows: (1)
Discount rate In 2022, the discount rate was estimated based on an industry average
weighted average cost of capital, without debt leveraging, and was estimated to 21 % (2021: 20 %). The discount rate was based on the risk-free
rate for 20-year debentures issued by the government in the relevant market and adjusted for a risk premium to reflect the increased risk
of investing in equities, a small stock premium and a company specific risk premium. (2)
Revenues and revenues terminal growth rate The
Company’s estimated revenues were based on the Company’s budget, growth plans and available market information. Assumptions: 2022 | 2021
Revenues annual growth rate is expected to gradually decrease from 35.8% in 2023 to 21.5% in 2027. | Revenues annual growth rate is expected to gradually decrease from 33.33% in 2026 to 5% in 2029. From 2030 onward, revenues are expected to increase at an annual rate of 3%, which reflects the long-term growth rate assumed. (3) EBITDA margin 2022 | 2021
EBITDA margin is expected to gradually increase from negative 153.8% in 2023, to negative 47.6% in 2027. | EBITDA margin is expected to gradually increase from negative 280.7% in 2022 to 17.1% in 2030 onward, which represents the EBITDA margin assumed for the long-term. This estimation is supported by a sample of projected EBITDA margin of comparable companies, according to analyst reports. (4)
Tax expense In
2022, due to significant operating losses throughout the projection period, no tax expenses were recognized. In 2021, the effective tax
rate during the projection period was 16 %. F- 24 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
9 – Subsidiaries A. | Details in respect of subsidiaries Presented
hereunder is a list of the main Group’s subsidiaries: Principal location of the | 2022 | 2023
Name of company | company’s activity | % | %
Nano Dimension Technologies Ltd. | Israel | 100 | % | 100 | %
Nano Dimension USA Inc. | USA | 100 | % | 100 | %
Nano Dimension (HK) Limited | Asia-Pacific | 100 | % | 100 | %
Nano Dimension Australia Pty Ltd. (1) | Australia | — | % | 100 | %
Nano Dimension GmbH | Germany | 100 | % | 100 | %
J.A.M.E.S GmbH | Germany | 50 | % | 50 | %
Essemtec AG | Switzerland | 100 | % | 100 | %
Nano Dimension Swiss GmbH | Switzerland | 100 | % | 100 | %
Global Inkjet Systems Ltd. (2) | UK | 100 | % | 100 | %
Formatec Holding B.V. (2) | Netherlands | 100 | % | 100 | % (1) | In January 2023, the Company established an Australian-based subsidiary, Nano Australia. Nano Australia will perform sales and marketing activity and engage in possible collaboration agreements.
(2) | See note 9B. B. | Acquisition of subsidiaries Business
combinations during 2022 (1) Acquisition
of GIS On
January 4, 2022, the Company acquired 100 % of the shares and voting interests in GIS, a company incorporated under the laws of England
& Wales. GIS is a developer and supplier of high-performance control electronics, software, and ink delivery systems. Taking control
of GIS will enable the Group access to GIS’s technology and software, and will enable faster product development. Consideration
transferred The
following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of each major class of consideration: Cash | 23,568
Deferred consideration | 772
Earn-out cash consideration – Contingent consideration | 5,196
Total consideration transferred | 29,536 F- 25 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) a) | Deferred consideration The
Company will pay GIS’s selling shareholders the amount of GBP 1,000 thousand (as of January 4, 2022, approximately $ 1,349 ) on April
1, 2024. The deferred consideration for shareholders who represent approximately 39 % of the selling shareholders is contingent on their
continued employment. Therefore, this amount is not part of the business combination, but of the employee benefits as described in note
18. Regarding the amendment of the share purchase agreement in respect of deferred consideration, see below. b) | Earn-out cash consideration – Contingent Consideration The
Company will pay GIS’s selling shareholders earn-out payments, depending on certain targets, in an aggregate amount of up to GBP 7,000 thousand (“GIS earn-out consideration”) as follows: (i) | EBITDA based earn-out (maximum of up to GBP 1,000 thousand of the GIS earn-out consideration) – In the event that GIS generates, during the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2022, EBITDA of at least GBP 396 thousand (as of January 4, 2022, approximately $ 535 ) (“GIS EBITDA target”). If the actual amount of EBITDA that was achieved by GIS during this period is equal to or lower than 50 % of the GIS EBITDA target, then GIS’s selling shareholders shall not be entitled to receive any portion of the EBITDA based earn-out consideration. If the actual amount of EBITDA that was achieved by GIS during this period is lower than the GIS EBITDA target but higher than 50 % of the GIS EBITDA target, then GIS’s selling shareholders shall be entitled to a portion of the EBITDA-based earn-out consideration based according to this formula: EBITDA consideration * (1 – (GIS EBITDA target - Actual EBITDA)*2/GIS EBITDA target). (ii) | Gross profit based earn-out (maximum of up to GPB 3,000 thousand of the GIS earn-out consideration) – In the event that GIS generates, during the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2023, gross profit of at least GBP 6,962 thousand (as of January 4, 2022, approximately $ 9,364 ) (“GIS gross profit target”). If the actual gross profit that was achieved by GIS during this period is equal to or lower than GBP 5,570 thousand (“GIS gross profit threshold”), then GIS’s selling shareholders shall not be entitled to receive any portion of the gross profit-based earn-out consideration. If the actual gross profit that was achieved by GIS during this period is lower than GIS gross profit target but higher than the GIS gross profit threshold, then GIS’s selling shareholders shall be entitled to a portion of the GIS gross profit based earn-out consideration according to this formula: Profit consideration * (1 - (GIS gross profit target – actual gross profit)*5/GIS gross profit target). (iii) | Revenues based earn-out (maximum of up to GPB 3,000 thousand of the GIS earn-out consideration) – In the event that GIS generates, during the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2023, revenues of at least GBP 9,537 thousand (as of January 4, 2022, approximately $ 12,869 ) (“GIS revenues target”). If the actual revenues that was achieved by GIS during this period is equal to or lower than GBP 8,584 thousand (“GIS revenues threshold”), then GIS’s selling shareholders shall not be entitled to receive any portion of the revenues based earn-out consideration. If the actual revenues that was achieved by GIS during this period is lower than GIS revenues target but higher than the GIS revenues threshold, then GIS’s selling shareholders shall be entitled to a portion of the revenues-based earn-out consideration according to this formula: GIS revenues consideration * (1 - (GIS revenues target – actual revenues)*10/GIS revenues target). The
earn-out consideration for shareholders who represent approximately 39 % of the selling shareholders, is contingent on their continued
employment. Therefore, this amount is not part of the business combination, but of the employee benefits as described in note 18. In
August 2022, the Company paid GBP 1,000 thousand ($ 1,163 ), after GIS surpassed the GIS EBITDA target. Regarding
the amendment of the GIS share purchase agreement in respect of contingent consideration, see below. F- 26 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Amendment
to the deferred and Contingent Consideration In
July 2022, an amendment to the GIS share purchase agreement was signed, in which the terms of the deferred and contingent consideration
were updated, as follows: 1) | The deferred consideration will amount to GBP 750 thousand and will be paid on March 31, 2023 (except for one selling shareholder, as detailed below). There is no change in the condition that 39 % of the selling shareholders are required to continued employment in order to be entitled to this consideration. 2) | The remaining contingent consideration that has not yet been paid in the amount of up to GBP 6,000 thousand, will be reduced to amount of GBP 4,500 thousand and will be paid unconditionally on March 31, 2023 (except for one selling shareholder, as detailed below). There is no change in the condition that 39 % of the selling shareholders are required to continue employment in order to be entitled to this consideration. 3) | One selling shareholder (among the shareholders that are required to the continued employment) will receive his share of the updated deferred consideration on the following dates on the condition he remains employed: approximately GBP 522 thousand on June 30, 2023; approximately GBP 348 thousand on June 30, 2024; approximately GBP 435 thousand on June 30, 2025. According
to the amendment, the Company paid during 2023 an amount of $ 5,544 in order to settle the liabilities mentioned above. c) | Acquisition-related costs The
Group incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 1,094 of legal fees and due diligence costs.
These costs have been included in general and administrative expenses. Identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed The
following table summarizes the recognized amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents | 5,409
Inventories | 3,396
Other current assets | 1,199
Property and equipment, net | 139
Technology | 5,924
Customer relationships | 548
Goodwill | 14,580
Trade accounts payable | ( 12 | )
Other accounts payable and accrued expenses | ( 1,064 | )
Deferred tax | ( 583 | )
Total identifiable net assets acquired | 29,536 F- 27 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Measurement
of fair value Below
is information regarding the way the Group determined the fair value of assets and liabilities recognized as part of the business combination: a) | Intangible assets The fair value of the technology asset is determined using the multi-period excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued by the discounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the technology, after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows. The fair value of customer relationship asset is based on the cost saving method, whereby the subject asset is valued by the discounted estimated payments that are expected to be avoided as a result of the customer relationship being owned. b) | Inventories The fair value of inventories is determined based on estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on the effort required to complete and sell the inventories. c) | Deferred revenues The fair value of deferred revenues is determined based on estimated
costs to be incurred in order to fulfill the performance obligation that exists. The
aggregate cash flows derived for the Group as a result of the acquisition : Cash and cash equivalents paid | ( 23,568 | )
Cash and cash equivalents of GIS | 5,409
( 18,159 | ) Goodwill The
goodwill is attributable mainly to the skills and technical talent of GIS’s work force, its technology and the synergies expected
to be achieved from integrating GIS into the Group’s existing 3D Technologies and business. None of the goodwill recognized is
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. (2) | Acquisition of Formatec Holding On July 7, 2022, the Group acquired 100 % of the shares and voting interests
in Formatec Holding. Formatec Holding is the owner of two Dutch companies: Admatec and Formatec. Admatec and Formatec operate in the field
of 3D printing of non-electronic components from ceramic and metallic materials. Admatec is a manufacturer and marketer of these types
of 3D printers and provides various services in this field of printing. Formatec develops and sells printers and materials and provides
printing services to customers, both of models and of final products (which may also be produced using traditional systems, and not necessarily
using 3D printing). Taking control of Formatec Holding will provide the Group access to Admatec’s and Formatec’s technology
and customers, and benefit from its experienced scientists and engineers. Consideration
transferred The
total consideration for the purchased Formatec Holding shares was paid in cash in the amount of approximately $ 13,611 . The
Group incurred acquisition-related costs of $ 888 of legal fees and due diligence costs.
These costs have been included in general and administrative expenses. F- 28 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed The
following table summarizes the recognized amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents | 712
Trade and other receivables | 691
Inventory | 827
Property and equipment, net | 480
Right-of-use assets | 627
Deferred tax asset | 857
Customer relationships | 1,690
Intangible assets | 3,237
Goodwill | 7,470
Trade and other payables | ( 1,275 | )
Lease liability | ( 434 | )
Deferred tax liabilities | ( 1,271 | )
Total identifiable net assets acquired | 13,611 Measurement
of fair value The
fair value of the intangible assets (Customer relationships, Technology and Backlog) is determined using the multi-period excess earnings
method, whereby the subject asset is valued by the discounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the intangible asset, after
deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows. The
aggregate cash flows derived for the Group as a result of the acquisition : Cash and cash equivalents paid | ( 13,611 | )
Cash and cash equivalents of Formatec Holding | 712
( 12,899 | ) Goodwill The
goodwill is attributable mainly to the skills and technical talent of Admatec’s and Formatec’s work force, their technology and
the synergies expected to be achieved from integrating Admatec and Formatec into the Group’s existing business. Admatec and Formatec
fit the Group’s target markets, and the combined offering will increase the number of applications that can be relevant for mass
manufacturing. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. F- 29 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
10 – Other payables December 31,
2022 | 2023
Accrued expenses and other | 4,899 | 7,208
Contract liabilities | 3,330 | 3,857
Lease liability | 4,846 | 4,473
Employees and related liabilities | 8,917 | 11,252
Government authorities | 1,664 | 2,686
Current maturities in respect of government grants | 494 | 262
24,150 | 29,738 Note
11 – Liability in respect of government grants 2022 | 2023
Balance as of January 1 | 1,988 | 1,986
Payment of royalties | ( 219 | ) | ( 298 | )
Revaluation of the liability | 217 | 469
Balance as of December 31 | 1,986 | 2,157
Current maturities in respect of government grants | 494 | 262
Non-current liability in respect of government grants | 1,492 | 1,895 Between the years 2014 to 2023, Nano Tech received several grants from
the Israeli Innovation Authority (“IIA”), to finance development projects in an aggregate amount of up to $ 8,745 , while the
IIA share of financing the aforesaid amount was in a range of 30 % to 85 % of expenditures. As of December 31, 2023, Nano Tech received
grants in the aggregate amount of $ 3,843 . In consideration, Nano Tech undertook to pay the IIA royalties at the rate of 3 %- 3.5 % of the
future sales up to the amount of the grants received. The Group recognized a liability using a discount rate of 19 %. Note
12 – Equity A. | The Company’s share capital (in thousands of ordinary shares) Ordinary shares
2022 | 2023
Issued and paid-up share capital as of December 31 | 258,564 | 235,597
Authorized share capital | 500,000 | 500,000 F- 30 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Share
capital (in thousands of shares of NIS 5 par value per share) Ordinary shares
2022 | 2023
Issued as of January 1 | 257,376 | 258,564
Repurchase of treasury shares | — | ( 32,016 | )
Exercise of warrants during the period (*) | — | 3,559
Exercise of share options and RSUs during the period | 1,188 | 5,490
Issued and paid-in share capital as of December 31 | 258,564 | 235,597 (*) | See note 23(L). B. | Financing transactions During
2021, the Company issued, pursuant to two public offerings in the United States, an aggregate of 74,100,000 ADSs. The total gross proceeds
from the offerings were approximately $ 832,980 , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses.
The total net proceeds from the offerings, after deducting issuance expenses, were approximately $ 796,346 . As a part of one of these
offerings, the Company issued 1,137,500 non-tradable warrants to the underwriters. The warrants are accounted for as share-based payment
expenses. See also Note 19. C. | Treasury shares As
of December 31, 2023, the Company held 32,026,894 ordinary shares, constituting approximately 12 % of its issued and paid-in share capital.
The rights attached to the Company’s own shares that were acquired are suspended until their re-issuance. In February 2023, the Company announced
that it would put into action its previously authorized share repurchase plan allowing us to invest up to $100,000 to repurchase the Company’s
ADSs from time to time in open market transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions or in any other legally permissible ways,
depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. The repurchase plan was approved by the Israeli court in
in August 2022 for a period of up to 12 months and later extended for an additional two months. The repurchase plan expired on October
12, 2023, with $ 4,160,138 remaining, and thereafter no longer eligible for repurchases under such plan. In August 2023, our board of directors
authorized an additional 200 million repurchase plan (the “$ 200,000 Repurchase Plan”), allowing us to invest up to $ 200,000 to repurchase ADSs from time to time, in open market transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions or in any other legally
permissible ways, depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. The Israeli court approved the 200 million
Repurchase Plan in October 2023 and extended for a twelve-month period. The $ 200,000 Repurchase Plan went into effect on October 17, 2023.
Such repurchases will be made in accordance with applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations, under the Exchange Act, and other applicable
law, and are subject to the approval of the Israeli court, which was granted in October 2023. Under the $ 200,000 Repurchase Plan, we may
repurchase all or a portion of the authorized repurchase amount. The $ 200,000 Repurchase Plan does not obligate us to repurchase any specific
number of the ordinary shares and may be suspended or terminated at any time at management’s discretion. D. | Translation reserve from foreign operations The
movement in the foreign currency translation reserve is as follows: For the year ended December 31,
2022 | 2023
Currency | Thousand USD
Net change in foreign currency translation reserve for:
GIS | GBP | ( 1,221 | ) | 205
Admatec-Formatec | EURO | 302 | 85
Essemtec and Nano Swiss | CHF | 114 | 1,910
Other | ( 19 | ) | 146
( 824 | ) | 2,346 F- 31 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) E. | Rights Plan In January 2024, the Company entered into a rights agreement, or the
Rights Plan, with the intention to protect the long-term interests of the Company’s ADS holders and enable them to realize the full
potential value of their investment in the Company. The Rights Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that any entity, person or group
would gain control of, or significant influence over our Company. Further to those goals, the rights under the Rights Plan may cause substantial
dilution to a person or group that acquires beneficial ownership of 10 % or more of the Company’s ordinary shares then outstanding
or any existing holder of 10 % or more of the beneficial ownership of the Company’s ordinary shares who shall acquire any additional
ordinary shares. Note
13 – Revenues For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Consumables | 1,631 | 5,487 | 7,795
Support services | 1,117 | 3,217 | 4,590
Sales of systems | 7,250 | 34,929 | 43,929
Research and development services | 495 | — | —
Total revenue | 10,493 | 43,633 | 56,314 Revenues
per geographical locations: For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Americas | 2,513 | 14,309 | 22,340
APAC | 743 | 4,361 | 2,947
EMEA | 7,237 | 24,963 | 31,027
Total revenue | 10,493 | 43,633 | 56,314 Timing
of revenue recognition: For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Services transferred over time | 1,074 | 3,217 | 4,590
Goods transferred at a point in time | 9,419 | 40,416 | 51,724
Total revenue | 10,493 | 43,633 | 56,314 The
table below provides information regarding receivables and contract liabilities deriving from contracts with customers. For the year ended December 31
2022 | 2023
Trade receivables | 6,342 | 12,710
Contract liabilities | 3,330 | 3,857 The
contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers for contracts giving yearly maintenance for
the printer. The revenue is recognized in a straight line basis over the contracts’ period. Contract
costs Management
expects that commissions paid to agents for obtaining contracts are recoverable. The Group applies the expedient included in IFRS 15.94
and recognizes incremental costs for obtaining the contract as an expense as incurred, where the amortization period of the asset it
would have otherwise recognized is one year or less. Note
14 – Cost of revenues For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Raw materials, materials and consumables | 3,585 | 15,915 | 18,696
Payroll and related expenses | 1,412 | 7,180 | 9,586
Other | 733 | 1,848 | 2,477
Total | 5,730 | 24,943 | 30,759 F- 32 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
15 – Further detail of profit or loss For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
A. Research and development expenses, net
Payroll | 14,604 | 35,638 | 33,462
Share-based payment expenses | 14,238 | 17,424 | 7,722
Materials | 2,764 | 6,881 | 6,584
Subcontractors | 2,864 | 10,344 | 6,717
Patent registration | 441 | 506 | 689
Depreciation | 5,697 | 3,038 | 3,859
Rental fees and maintenance | 559 | 642 | 1,081
Other | 637 | 1,290 | 1,890
41,804 | 75,763 | 62,004
Less – government grants | ( 118 | ) | — | —
41,686 | 75,763 | 62,004
B. Sales and marketing expenses
Payroll | 8,283 | 20,057 | 19,075
Share-based payment expenses | 8,569 | 8,616 | 2,490
Marketing and advertising | 4,053 | 5,057 | 4,685
Rental fees and maintenance | 365 | 392 | 319
Travel abroad | 749 | 2,567 | 2,555
Depreciation | 318 | 1,502 | 1,369
Other | 376 | 642 | 1,214
22,713 | 38,833 | 31,707
C. General and administrative expenses
Payroll | 2,880 | 9,321 | 14,032
Share-based payment expenses | 6,974 | 4,940 | 8,448
Professional services | 6,993 | 9,701 | 29,122
Office expenses | 1,065 | 2,704 | 1,613
Travel abroad | 461 | 743 | 674
Depreciation | 210 | 563 | 926
Rental fees and maintenance | 97 | 286 | 515
Other | 964 | 2,199 | 2,924
19,644 | 30,457 | 58,254
D. Other income, net
Other income (*) | — | — | 3,774
Other expenses (**) | — | — | ( 2,147 | )
— | — | 1,627
E. Finance income
Revaluation of liability in respect of government grants | 25 | — | —
Exchange rate differences | 3,444 | — | 1,568
Revaluation of liabilities (***) | 10,608 | 4,516 | —
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (****) | — | — | 23,462
Bank interest | 3,832 | 18,449 | 45,904
17,909 | 22,965 | 70,934
Finance expenses
Exchange rate differences | — | 16,135 | —
Bank and other fees | 70 | 148 | 245
Finance expense in respect of lease liability | 237 | 180 | 477
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (****) | — | 62,791 | —
Revaluation of financial liabilities (***) | — | — | 461
Revaluation of liability in respect of government grants | 121 | 217 | 469
428 | 79,471 | 1,652 (*) | See note 6. (**) | See note 18(C) regarding termination liability due to reorganization. (***) | See note 20 regarding financing transactions that included issuance of financial instruments accounted at fair value through profit and loss. (****) | See note 20(C) regarding investment in securities measured at fair value through profit and loss. F- 33 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
16 – Income Tax A. | Corporate tax rate The
tax rate relevant to the Company in the years 2021 to 2023: 23 % On
December 22, 2016, the Knesset plenum passed the Economic Efficiency Law (Legislative Amendments for Achieving Budget Objectives in the
Years 2017 and 2018) – 2016, by which, inter alia, the corporate tax rate would be reduced from 25 % to 23 % in two steps. The first
step was to a rate of 24 % as from January 2017 and the second step was to a rate of 23 % as from January 2018. B. | Benefits under the Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes) a. | The Company and some of its subsidiaries qualify as “Industrial Companies” as defined in the Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes) – 1969, and accordingly they are entitled to benefits, of which the most significant are, under limited conditions, the possibility of submitting consolidated tax returns with related Israeli companies and amortization in three equal annual portions of issuance expenses when registering shares for trading as from the date the shares of the company were registered. b. | The Company and certain subsidiaries are submitting a consolidated tax return to the tax authorities in accordance with the Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes) – 1969. As a result, the companies are, inter alia, entitled to offset their losses from the taxable income of other companies, subject to compliance with certain conditions. C. | Description of the implications of the tax laws applicable to affiliated companies incorporated outside of Israel The
Group companies operating outside of Israel are subject to the tax laws applicable in the countries of residence and the activity of
those companies. The tax rate applicable to material companies outside of Israel are: Companies
incorporated in Switzerland (varies from canton to canton) - tax rate of 12.44 % (the relevant canton). Company
incorporated in UK - tax rate of 19 % until March 31, 2023 and 25 % from April 1, 2023, onward. Companies
incorporated in Netherlands - tax rate of 25.8 % for taxable income above Euro 200 thousand and tax rate of 19 % for taxable income up
to Euro 200 thousand. Company
incorporated in U.S. - tax rate of 21 %. Companies
incorporated in Germany - tax rate of 15.8 %. D. | Composition of income tax expense (income) Year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Current tax expense | 107 | 845 | 73
Deferred tax expenses (income) | ( 5,013 | ) | ( 581 | ) | ( 11 | )
Income tax expense (income) | ( 4,906 | ) | 264 | 62 E. | Deferred tax assets and liabilities Deferred
taxes are calculated according to the tax rate anticipated to be in effect on the date of reversal as stated above. The
movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities is attributable to the following items: Intangible assets and inventories | Employee benefits | Carryforward tax losses | Total
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of January 1, 2022 | ( 236 | ) | 516 | 491 | 771
Deferred tax asset (liability) acquired in business combinations | ( 2,966 | ) | — | 1,968 | ( 998 | )
Changes recognized in profit or loss | 3,073 | 5 | ( 2,497 | ) | 581
Changes recognized in other comprehensive income | 96 | ( 373 | ) | 38 | ( 239 | )
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of December 31, 2022 | ( 33 | ) | 148 | — | 115
Intangible assets and inventories | Employee benefits | Other | Total deferred tax asset (liability)
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of January 1, 2023 | ( 33 | ) | 148 | — | 115
Changes recognized in profit or loss | 33 | ( 22 | ) | — | 11
Changes recognized in other comprehensive income | — | ( 126 | ) | ( 75 | ) | ( 201 | )
Balance of net deferred tax asset (liability) as of December 31, 2023 | — | — | ( 75 | ) | ( 75 | ) F- 34 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) F. | Theoretical tax The main reconciliation between the theoretical tax on the pre-tax
profit and the tax expense derives from temporary differences and tax losses for which deferred taxes are not created. G. | Tax assessments The Company has final tax assessments
until and including the 2017 tax year. Nano Tech has final tax assessments
until and including the 2017 tax year. H. | Accumulated losses for tax purposes and other deductible temporary differences As of December 31, 2023, the Group has a net operating loss for tax
purposes of approximately $ 291,945 , most of which originated in the Company. The Group also has capital loss for tax purposes of approximately
$ 681 . As
of December 31, 2023, the Group has deductible temporary differences in the amount of approximately $ 5,170 , mainly relating to share-based
payment expenses, revaluation of financial assets and liabilities, funding expenses and research and development expenses which are deductible
over a period of three years for tax purposes. The
Group has not recognized a tax asset for the aforesaid losses and deductible temporary differences, due to the uncertainty regarding
the ability to utilize those losses and deductible of temporary differences in the future. I. | Income Tax Regulations (Rules on Bookkeeping by Foreign Invested Companies and Certain Partnerships and Determination of their Taxable Income), 1986. As
a “Foreign investment company” (as defined in the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments-1959), the Company’s
management has elected to apply Income Tax Regulations (Rules for Maintaining Accounting Records of Foreign Invested Companies and Certain
Partnerships and Determining Their Taxable Income) – 1986, from January 2018. Accordingly, its taxable income or loss is calculated
in USD. J. | During 2022, the Company completed a merger of two of its subsidiaries, that are located in Israel. NanoFabrica and DeepCube were merged into Nano Tech. The merger was approved by the Israeli tax authorities. Note
17 – Loss per share A. | Basic loss per share The calculation of basic loss per share as of December 31, 2023 was
based on the loss attributable to the owners of the company divided by a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, calculated
as follows: For the year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (thousands of shares) | 247,335 | 257,794 | 248,019
Loss attributable to the owners of the Company (thousands USD) | 200,777 | 227,423 | 54,550 F- 35 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Weighted
average number of ordinary shares: Year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value | Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value | Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value
Balance as of January 1 | 172,052 | 257,376 | 258,564
Effect of share options exercised | 2,558 | 418 | 687
Effect of warrants exercised | 575 | — | 2,307
Effect of shares issued during the year | 72,150 | — | 1,893
Repurchase of treasury shares | — | — | ( 15,432 | )
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate basic loss per share as of December 31 | 247,335 | 257,794 | 248,019 B. | Diluted loss per share The calculation of diluted loss per share as of December 31, 2023 was
based on loss attributable to the owners of the company divided by a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding after adjustment
for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, calculated as follows: Loss
attributable to owners of the company (diluted) Year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Loss used to calculate basic loss per share | 200,777 | 227,423 | 54,550
Changes in fair value of share price protection liability | 3,783 | — | —
Changes in fair value of warrants classified as liabilities | 456 | 227 | 7
Loss attributable to ordinary shareholders | 205,016 | 227,650 | 54,557 Weighted
average number of ordinary shares (diluted) Year ended December 31
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value | Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value | Thousands of shares of NIS 5.0 par value
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate loss per share | 247,335 | 257,794 | 248,019
Effect of share price protection on issue | 702 | — | —
Effect of warrants issued | 95 | 96 | 96
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate diluted loss per share as of December 31 | 248,132 | 257,890 | 248,115 As
of December 31, 2023, 53,651,683 options and warrants (in 2022: 63,478,648 and 2021: 55,817,296 ) were excluded from the diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. F- 36 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note
18 – Employee Benefits Employee
benefits include post-employment benefits, short-term benefits, termination benefits, and share-based payments. With
regards to share-based payments, see Note 19 on share-based payments. With regards to benefits to key management employees, see Note 23 on
related and interested parties. A. | Composition of employee benefits : December 31, | December 31,
2022 | 2023
Presented under current liabilities – other payables:
Short-term employee benefits | 8,917 | 11,252
Total | 8,917 | 11,252
Presented under non-current liabilities – employee benefits:
Long-term employee benefits | 274 | 289
Recognized liability for defined benefit plan, net | 1,188 | 2,484
Total | 1,462 | 2,773 Following
note 9(B)(1), the amounts detailed above include 39 % of the deferred and contingent consideration arises from acquisition of GIS, for
selling shareholders that require continued employment in order to be entitled to this consideration, in the amount of $ 344 (2022 - $ 1,120 )
and $ 289 (2022 - $ 274 ) in short-term and in long-term, respectively. B. | Post-employment benefit plans – defined benefit plan Essemtec,
a subsidiary of the Company, located in Switzerland, participates in a defined benefit plan. Employees in Switzerland are insured against
the risks of old age, death and disability. Essemtec is affiliated to the collective foundation Bâloise Collective BVG foundation.
The supreme governing body of the pension fund is the Foundation Council, which is made up of an equal number of representatives from
the employees and the employer. The pension fund rules, together with the legal provisions concerning occupational pension plans, constitute
the formal regulatory framework of the pension plan. Individual retirement savings accounts are maintained for each beneficiary, which
savings contributions varying with age are credited to as well as any interest which accrues. The rate of interest to be applied to the
retirement savings accounts is set each year by the Foundation Council, having regard to the financial situation of the pension fund.
The amounts credited to the individual savings accounts are funded by savings contributions from both the employer and employees. In
addition, the employer pays risk contributions to fund death and disability benefits. The
standard retirement age is 64 for women and 65 for men. Employees are entitled to early retirement with a reduced old-age pension. The
amount of the old-age pension is the result of multiplying the individual retirement savings account at the time of retirement by a conversion
rate set out in the pension-fund rules. The retirement benefits can also be paid out in the form of a capital payment either in full
or in part. The amount of disability pensions is determined as a percentage of the insured salary and is independent of the number of
years of service. The
Group’s defined benefit obligations and the related defined benefit costs are determined at each balance sheet date by a qualified
actuary using the Projected Unit Credit Method. The amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet represents the present value
of the defined benefit obligations reduced by the fair value of plan assets. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to
the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the
plans. F- 37 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 1. | Plan assets As of December 31, 2023, plan assets were comprised of qualifying
insurance policies of $ 17,109 (December 31, 2022: $ 12,913 ). 2. | Movement in net defined benefit liabilities (assets) and in their components Defined benefit obligation | Fair value of plan assets | Net defined benefit liability (asset)
2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Balance as of January 1 | 15,816 | 14,101 | ( 11,671 | ) | ( 12,913 | ) | 4,145 | 1,188
Included in profit or loss
Current service cost | 487 | 459 | — | — | 487 | 459
Past service cost | — | ( 385 | ) | — | — | — | ( 385 | )
Interest cost (income) | 61 | 341 | ( 45 | ) | ( 312 | ) | 16 | 29
Administrative cost | 21 | 24 | — | — | 21 | 24
Effect of movements in exchange rates | — | 1,404 | — | ( 1,286 | ) | — | 118
Included in other comprehensive income
Actuarial loss (gain) arising from financial assumptions | ( 3,529 | ) | 1,284 | — | — | ( 3,529 | ) | 1,284
Actuarial loss arising from other assumptions | 721 | — | — | — | 721 | —
Return on plan assets excluding interest income | — | — | ( 51 | ) | 361 | ( 51 | ) | 361
Effect of movements in exchange rates | ( 112 | ) | 260 | 14 | ( 185 | ) | ( 98 | ) | 75
Other movements
Contributions paid by the employer | — | — | ( 524 | ) | ( 669 | ) | ( 524 | ) | ( 669 | )
Contributions paid by the employees and plan participants | 1,950 | 3,207 | ( 1,950 | ) | ( 3,207 | ) | — | —
Benefits paid | ( 1,314 | ) | ( 1,102 | ) | 1,314 | 1,102 | — | —
Changes from business combinations and loss of control | — | — | — | — | — | —
Balance as of December 31 | 14,101 | 19,593 | ( 12,913 | ) | ( 17,109 | ) | 1,188 | 2,484 3. | The defined benefit liability is attributed to the plans’ participants as follows : - | Active members: 95 % (2022: 95 %) - | Pensioners: 5 % (2022: 5 %) F- 38 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 4. | Actuarial assumptions and sensitivity analysis Principal actuarial assumptions at the
reporting date (expressed as weighted averages): 4. Actuarial assumptions and sensitivity analysis 2022 | 2023
% | %
Discount rate as of December 31 | 2.35 | 1.9
Future salary growth | 1.25 | 1.9
Interest rate on the savings account | 1.75 | 1.9
Price inflation | 1.25 | 1.9
Social security increase | 1.25 | 1.9
Future pension growth | 0 | 0 Assumptions regarding future mortality
are based on published statistics and mortality tables (BVG 2020 generational). The calculation of the defined benefit
obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions in accepted mortality tables. As a result, an increase of one year in average life
would cause an increase in the defined benefit obligation o f $ 235 as of December 31, 2023. Reasonably possible changes at the reporting
date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation
by the amounts shown below: December 31,
0.5 percentage point increase | 0.5 percentage point decrease
2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Future salary growth | 50 | 79 | ( 49 | ) | ( 78 | )
Discount rate | ( 884 | ) | ( 1,273 | ) | 1,001 | 1,431 5. | Effect of the plan on the Group’s future cash flows The Group expects $ 715 in contributions
to be paid to the funded defined benefit plan in 2024. On December 31, 2023, the weighted-average duration of the defined
benefit obligation was 13.9 years (2022: 13.6 years). C. | Termination liability In October 2023 the Company’s board of directors
approved, as part of a reorganization plan in several departments of the Company, an employment termination of Company employees worldwide,
with preferable terms. In the reporting period, an expense related to
payroll compensation due to this plan, in the amount of $ 2,147 , was recognized in other expenses. The remaining termination liability
in the amount of $ 1,488 is presented under other payables. F- 39 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note 19 – Share-based payment A. | During 2021, the Company granted to employees, officers and consultants 10,967,162 non-tradable share options and RSUs, which are exercisable into 10,967,162 ordinary shares. The share options vest over a period of three years . The share options will be exercisable during the earlier of a period of four years from the vesting date, or 90 days from the end of employment date, in consideration for an exercise price ranging between $ 0 to $ 7.50 for each share option. Some of the share options include a cashless exercise mechanism. During 2021, the Company granted to
underwriters in public offerings in the U.S. an aggregate of 1,137,500 warrants, which are exercisable into 1,137,500 ordinary shares.
The exercise price is $ 11.875 for each warrant. The warrants are exercisable 6 months from the issuance date and expire 4 years after
the issuance date. During 2022, the Company granted to
employees, officers and consultants 13,555,000 non-tradable share options and RSUs, which are exercisable into 13,555,000 ordinary shares.
The share options and the RSUs vest over a period of three to four years . The share options will be exercisable during the earlier of
a period of four years from the vesting date, or 90 days from the end of employment date in consideration for an exercise price ranging
between $ 2.52 to $ 3.79 for each share option. Some of the share options include a cashless exercise mechanism. During 2023, the Company granted to employees,
officers and consultants 5,838,000 non-tradable share options and RSUs, which are exercisable into 5,838,000 ordinary s hares. The
share options and the RSUs vest over a period of two to four years . The share options will be exercisable during the earlier of a period
of four years from the vesting date, or 90 days from the end of employment date in consideration for an exercise price of $ 3.05 for each
share option. The share options include a cashless exercise mechanism. In addition, the Company changed the vesting terms of options to
purchase 1,000,000 ADSs granted to an officer of the Company. B. | In May 2021, the Company issued non-tradable share options to purchase 131,000 ordinary shares to directors of the Company at an exercise price ranging from $ 7.69 to $ 9.33 per share. The share options are vested over a period of 3 years from the grant date. The share options will be exercisable during the earlier of a period of four years from the vesting date, or 90 days from the end of employment date. In June 2022, the Company issu ed 210,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. The RSUs vest over a period of three years from the grant date. In November 2022, the Company issu ed 75,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. The RSUs vest over a period of three years from the grant date. In September 2022, the Company re-priced the share options granted
to a small group of certain employees, directors and senior management, after receiving approval to do so from the Israeli tax authorities.
In accordance with the repricing, every two old share options were converted into one RSU, without an exercise price. The vesting period
of the new RSUs will be 4 years. As a result of this modification, there was an increase in the fair value of the equity instruments granted,
measured immediately before and after the modification. Hence, the Company measured the incremental fair value granted, and recognized
it over the period from the modification date until the date when the modified equity instruments vest. In June 2023, the Company issu ed 200,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. The RSUs vest over a period of three years from the grant date. In October 2023, the Company issu ed 70,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. The RSUs vest over a period of three years from the grant date. F- 40 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) C. | On April 22, 2021, the Group acquired 100 % of the shares and voting interests in DeepCube. After the acquisition, one of DeepCube’s founders continued to work at DeepCube, in the role of Chief Technology Officer. In accordance with the terms of the acquisition agreement, 892,465 ordinary shares of the Company will be issued to this founder, with a share price protection mechanism. The granting of these shares is subject to conditions related to the continued employment of the founder. Hence these shares were not taken into account as part of the consideration for the business combination. The fair value of those shares, with the share price protection mechanism, was estimated at $ 7,756 , and were recognized as post-acquisition compensation cost. During 2022 and 2023, the Company chose
to settle the share price protection mechanism in cash, and therefore the cash paid in the amount of 2023: $ 522 (2022: $ 489 ) was treated
as repurchase of equity awards that was reduced from equity. In addition, as part of the acquisition
agreement, the Group exchanged equity-settled share-based payment awards held by employees of DeepCube (the acquiree’s awards) for 299,455 RSUs of the Company (the replacement awards). The acquiree’s awards were granted during the years 2018 to 2021 and were
generally subject to a 4-year vesting schedule. The replacement awards were granted on the acquisition date and are subject to a 3-year
vesting schedule. D. | On April 26, 2021, the Group acquired 100 % of the shares and voting interests in NanoFabrica. In accordance with the terms of the acquisition agreement, 1,178,008 ordinary shares of the Company will be issued to NanoFabrica’s founders, with a share price protection mechanism. The granting of these shares is subject to conditions related to the continued employment of the founders. Hence these shares were not taken into account as part of the consideration for the business combination. The fair value of those shares, with the share price protection mechanism, was estimated at $ 10,941 , and were recognized as post-acquisition compensation cost. During 2022 and 2023, the Company chose
to settle the share price protection mechanism in cash, and therefore the cash paid in the amount of 2023: $ 3,937 (2022: $ 516 ) was treated
as repurchase of equity awards that was reduced from equity. In addition, as part of the acquisition
agreement, the Group exchanged equity-settled share-based payment awards held by employees of NanoFabrica (the acquiree’s awards)
for 76,928 RSUs of the Company (the replacement awards). The acquiree’s awards were granted during the years 2017 to 2020 and were
generally subject to a 4-year vesting schedule. The replacement awards were granted on the acquisition date and are subject to a 3-year
vesting schedule. E. | The fair value of share options is measured using the Black-Scholes-Merton formula, Binomial pricing model or Monte Carlo simulations. Measurement inputs include the share price on the measurement date, the exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on the weighted average volatility of the Company’s shares, over the expected term of the options), expected term of the options (based on general option holder behavior and expected share price), expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate (based on government debentures). F- 41 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The following is the data used in determining
the fair value of the options granted in 2022-2023: 19.A - Consultants and Employees
Fair value in the grant date (thousands USD) | 2,049
Range of share price (USD) | 2.46 - 2.86
Range of exercise price (USD) | 1.00 - 3.05
Range of expected share price volatility | 103.20 %- 121.85 | %
Range of estimated life (years) | 4.5 - 8
Range of weighted average of risk-free interest rate | 4.33 %- 4.50 | %
Expected dividend yield | — 19.B - Directors and CEO
2022 | 2023
Fair value in the grant date (thousands USD) | 21,708 | —
Range of share price (USD) | 1.38 - 6.52 | —
Range of exercise price (USD) | 0 - 9.33 | —
Range of expected share price volatility | 93.62 %- 125.9 | % | —
Range of estimated life (years) | 4 - 7.07 | —
Range of weighted average of risk-free interest rate | 0.29 %- 1.33 | % | —
Expected dividend yield | — | — The following is the range
of fair value of the RSUs granted during the years 2021-2023: (in U.S dollars) | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Range of fair value of the RSUs granted during the year | 4.62 - 10.94 | 2.47 - 3.82 | 2.39 - 2.86 F- 42 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) F. | The number of share options and RSUs granted to employees and consultants, and included in Note 19.A are as follows: 2022 | 2023
Share options and RSU’s | Replacement awards | Share options and RSU’s
Outstanding of January 1 | 20,768,200 | 254,409 | 27,630,207
Granted during the year | 13,555,000 | — | 5,838,000
Exercised during the year | ( 1,084,331 | ) | ( 116,362 | ) | ( 6,922,002 | )
Forfeited or expired during the year | ( 3,204,932 | ) | ( 40,907 | ) | ( 3,983,731 | )
Share options exchange | ( 2,500,870 | ) | — | —
Outstanding of December 31 | 27,533,067 | 97,140 | 22,562,474
Exercisable as of December 31 | 2,398,972 | — | 2,323,530 The number of RSUs, options and warrants granted to directors and the
CEO included in Note 19.B are as follows: 2022 | 2023
Outstanding of January 1 | 34,410,284 | 34,532,431
Granted during the year | 285,000 | 270,000
Exercised during the year | ( 20,418 | ) | ( 4,895,805 | )
Forfeited or expired during the year | ( 142,435 | ) | ( 133,427 | )
Outstanding of December 31 | 34,532,431 | 29,773,199
Exercisable as of December 31 | 33,120,886 | 28,327,309 G. | The share-based payments expenses in 2023 were $ 20,101 (in 2022: $ 32,563 , in 2021: $ 29,782 ). Note 20 – Financial instruments A. | Risk management policy The actions of the Group expose it to
various financial risks, such as a credit risk, market risk (including a foreign currency risk and share price risk), liquidity risk and
cash flow risk for the interest rate. The comprehensive risk-management policy of the Group focuses on actions to limit the potential
negative impacts on financial performance of the Group to a minimum. The Group does not typically use derivative financial instruments
in order to hedge exposures. Risk management is performed by the Group’s Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the policy approved
by the board of directors. The Group Audit Committee oversees how
management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management
framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The Group Audit Committee is assisted in its oversight role by Internal Audit.
Internal Audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported
to the Audit Committee. B. | Credit risk The Group does not have a significant
concentration of credit risks. The cash of the Group is deposited in
Israeli, European and U.S. banking corporations. In the estimation of the Group’s management, the credit risk for these financial
instruments is low. The Company had bank accounts and deposits with Silicon Valley Bank, most of which were drawn and transferred to other
banks in March 2023. As of the reporting date, the remaining cash and deposits balance in Silicon Valley Bank is immaterial. In the estimation of the Group’s
management, it does not have any material expected credit losses. F- 43 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) C. | Market risk (1) | Foreign currency risk A currency risk is the risk of fluctuations in a financial instrument
as a result of changes in the exchange rate of the foreign currency. The following is the classification
and linkage terms of the financial instruments of the Group: NIS | USD | Other | Total
December 31, 2023
Cash | 24,537 | 278,993 | 6,041 | 309,571
Bank deposits | 110,881 | 431,086 | — | 541,967
Restricted deposits | 555 | 386 | — | 941
Trade receivables (net) | 67 | 8,193 | 4,450 | 12,710
Other receivables | 5,126 | 2,935 | 1,452 | 9,513
Investment in securities | — | 138,446 | — | 138,446
141,166 | 860,039 | 11,943 | 1,013,148
Financial liabilities at amortized cost | ( 9,415 | ) | ( 10,019 | ) | ( 11,161 | ) | ( 30,595 | )
Total net financial assets | 131,751 | 850,020 | 782 | 982,553
December 31, 2022
Cash | 37,812 | 639,318 | 8,232 | 685,362
Bank deposits | 100,289 | 246,374 | — | 346,663
Restricted deposits | 524 | 386 | — | 910
Trade receivables (net) | 46 | 1,867 | 4,429 | 6,342
Other receivables | 1,817 | 3,150 | 2,333 | 7,300
Investment in securities | — | 114,984 | — | 114,984
140,488 | 1,006,079 | 14,994 | 1,161,561
Financial liabilities at amortized cost | ( 11,545 | ) | ( 9,851 | ) | ( 16,340 | ) | ( 37,736 | ) F- 44 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The following is a sensitivity analysis
of changes to profit (loss) and equity in the exchange rate of the NIS as of December 31: 2022 | 2023
Increase at a rate of 5% | 6,447 | 6,588
Increase at a rate of 10% | 12,894 | 13,175
Decrease at a rate of 5% | ( 6,447 | ) | ( 6,588 | )
Decrease at a rate of 10% | ( 12,894 | ) | ( 13,175 | ) (2) | Share price risk During 2022, the Group acquired shares
of Stratasys Ltd. (“Stratasys”), a technology company traded on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange and engaged in the 3D printing solutions
area, for an amount of $ 177,775 . As of December 31, 2023, the Company owns 9,695,115 of Stratasys’ ordinary shares, with a value
of approximately $ 138,446 (2022: $ 114,984 ) which constitute, as of December 31, 2023, approximately 14.02 % (2022: 14.5 %) of Stratasys’
ordinary shares. Therefore. a revaluation profit was recorded in amount of $ 23,462 (2022: loss of $ 62,791 ). A change of 1 % in Stratasys’
share price would have increased (decrease) profit or loss by the amount of $ 1,384 (2022: $ 1,150 ). On July 24, 2022, Stratasys’ board
of directors approved a poison pill mechanism, which will block the possibility of controlling or having a significant influence on Stratasys
without the approval of Stratasys’ board of directors. In accordance with the approved poison pill, when there will be a shareholder
who owns 15% of Stratasys, every other shareholder will be entitled to purchase a new share issued to such shareholder by Stratasys at
a price of $0.01 per share, and in this way will be able to dilute the shareholder who owns 15%, which is not entitled to this right,
unless the purchase of the shares that reached the 15% threshold was approved by the Stratasys’ board of directors. The poison pill
was valid for one year, until July 24, 2023. On December 21, 2023, Stratasys’ board of directors approved
a new poison pill mechanism, which is substantially a duplication of the previous poison pill, with some minor changes (the “Revised
Poison Pill”). The Revised Poison Pill is valid for one year, until December 2024. D. | Fair value of financial instruments The carrying amounts of certain financial
assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, other receivables, trade payables and other payables are
the same or proximate to their fair value. F- 45 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The table below presents an analysis
of financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss using a valuation methodology in accordance with the fair value
hierarchy levels (for a definition of the various hierarchy levels, see Note 2.E regarding the basis of preparation of the financial statements). December 31, 2023
Level 1 | Level 2 | Total
Financial assets:
Traded shares | 138,446 | — | 138,446
Total assets: | 138,446 | — | 138,446
Financial liabilities:
Liability in respect of warrants | — | 56 | 56
Total liabilities | — | 56 | 56
Presented under current liabilities | — | 56 | 56 December 31, 2022
Level 1 | Level 2 | Total
Financial assets:
Traded shares | 114,984 | — | 114,984
Total assets: | 114,984 | — | 114,984
Financial liabilities:
Liability in respect of warrants | — | 69 | 69
Contingent consideration in business combination | — | 4,982 | 4,982
Total liabilities | — | 5,051 | 5,051
Presented under current liabilities | — | 4,982 | 4,982
Presented under non-current liabilities | — | 69 | 69 (1) | Details regarding fair value measurement at Level 2 (a) | Warrants Issued in February 2019 In February 2019, the Company issued,
as part of a public offering in the United States, 1,600,000 non-tradable warrants with an exercise price of $ 8.625 per ADS and term of 5 years. In certain cases, the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Therefore, the warrants are accounted for as derivative
instruments which are classified as a liability and measured at fair value through profit or loss. Since the offering certain warrants were
exercised. As of December 31, 2023, 1,316,010 warrants remained outstanding. The fair value of the warrants was measured
as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, at an amount of approximately $ 0 and $ 6 , respectively. The fair value of the warrants was measured
using the Black-Scholes model. The following inputs were used to determine the fair value: Expected term of warrant (a) – 0.1 years (2022: 1.1 years). Expected volatility (b) – 51.2 %
(2022: 48.5 %). Risk-free rate (c) – 5.3 % (2022: 4.7 %). Expected dividend yield – 0 %. (a) | Based on contractual terms. (b) | Based on the historical volatility of the Company’s ordinary shares and ADSs. (c) | Based on traded zero-coupon U.S. treasury bonds with maturity equal to expected terms. F- 46 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (b) | Warrants Issued in September 2019 In August 2019, the Company issued, as part of a securities purchase
agreement of convertible promissory notes, non-tradable warrants to purchase 62,668,850 ADSs. The warrants have a variable exercise price,
equal to 125 % of the conversion price of the convertible promissory notes, and are exercisable upon the six-month anniversary of issuance
and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The warrants have been classified as financial liability that are measured
at fair value through profit and loss as neither the exercise price nor the number of shares to be issued is fixed. On February 4, 2020, the Company agreed
to amend the exercise price of the warrants to $ 1.914 per ADS, and the Company and the investors agreed to terminate substantially all
remaining warrants, besides warrants to purchase 95,620 ADSs. The fair value of the warrants was measured
as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, at an amount of approximately $ 56 and $ 63 , respectively. The fair value of the warrants was measured
using the Black-Scholes model. The following inputs were used to determine the fair value: Expected term of warrant (a) – 0.68 years (2022: 1.68 years). Expected volatility (b) – 47.57 %
(2022: 48.15 %). Risk-free rate (c) – 4.84 % (2022: 4.48 %). Expected dividend yield – 0 %. (a) | Based on contractual terms. (b) | Based on the historical volatility of the Company’s ordinary shares and ADSs. (c) | Based on traded zero-coupon U.S. treasury bonds with maturity equal to expected terms. (C) | Contingent consideration in business combination On November 2, 2021, the Group acquired 100 % of the shares and voting
interests in Essemtec. The consideration transferred included earn-out cash consideration payments. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the contingent consideration
was determined by an external valuer. The fair value of the earn-out cash payment, in the amount of $ 4,982 was measured by discounting
the expected earn-out payment based on the actual gross profit results recorded by Essemtec in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Therefore, the measurement of the liability was based on level 2 data. The following inputs were used to determine the fair value: Essemtec’s underlying gross profit
– approximately CHF 13,850 . Risk free rate – 0.96 %. During 2023, the Company paid an amount
of $ 5,295 and settled this liability. (2) | Sensitivity analysis for share price If the share price had increased or decreased by 10 %, the fair value
of the warrants issued in February 2019 would not have changed (remains 0). F- 47 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) E. | Liquidity risk The table below presents the repayment
dates of the Group’s financial liabilities based on the contractual terms in undiscounted amounts: First year | More than a year | Total
December 31, 2023
Trade payables | 4,696 | — | 4,696
Other payables | 9,838 | — | 9,838
Financial derivatives and deferred consideration | 56 | — | 56
Lease liabilities | 4,473 | 8,742 | 13,215
Other long-term liability | 38 | 595 | 633
Liability in respect of government grants | 262 | 1,895 | 2,157
19,363 | 11,232 | 30,595
December 31, 2022
Trade payables | 3,722 | — | 3,722
Other payables | 18,810 | — | 18,810
Financial derivatives | 8,798 | 69 | 8,867
Lease liabilities | 4,846 | 12,374 | 17,220
Other long-term liability | 363 | 1,011 | 1,374
Liability in respect of government grants | 494 | 1,492 | 1,986
37,033 | 14,946 | 51,979 Note 21 – Leases A. Information regarding material lease agreement s a. | The Group leases vehicles for approximately three-year periods from several different leasing companies and from time to time changes the number of leased vehicles according to its current needs. The leased vehicles are identified by means of license numbers and the vehicle’s registration, with the leasing companies not being able to switch vehicles, other than in cases of deficiencies. The leased vehicles are used by the Group’s headquarters staff, marketing and salespersons and other employees whose employment agreements include an obligation of the Group to put a vehicle at their disposal. The Group accounted for the arrangement between it and the leasing companies as a lease arrangement in the scope of IFRS 16, “Leases” and for the arrangement between it and its employees as an arrangement in the scope of IAS 19, “Employee Benefits”. The agreements with the leasing companies do not contain extension and/or termination options that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise. A lease liability and right-of-use asset in the amount of $ 316 have
been recognized in the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2023, in respect of leases of vehicles. b. | The Group leases offices in Ness-Ziona for a period of up to five years under a few different contracts for different floors used for offices, labs and manufacturing facilities, in the same building. The contractual periods of the aforesaid lease agreements end in August 2024, November 2026 and July 2027. The Group also leases offices in Waltham, Massachusetts, U.S., for a contractual period of seven years , which ends in February 2029 and in Munich, Germany for a contractual period of five years, which ends in December 2027. F- 48 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) The lease payments in some of the Group’s
leases in Israel and Germany are linked to the local consumer price indexes known on the lease’s date of inception. The revaluation
of the lease payments was recognized as a right-of-use asset. The asset was adjusted by the amount o f
$ 243 in 2023. The Group has the option to extend some of its lease agreements. In
measuring the lease liability and the right-of-use asset, the Group did not take into account those options since under the current management
those options are not reasonably certain to be exercised. c. | In 2022, a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $ 627 were recognized as part of the business combination of Formatec Holding. For more information, see Note 9.B(2). In December 2023, the Group extended the aforesaid lease until March 2029, recognizing additional $ 613 right-of-use asset. B. Right-of-use assets: Buildings | Vehicles | Total
Balance as at January 1, 2022 | 4,192 | 299 | 4,491
Acquisition through business combinations | 627 | — | 627
Depreciation | 3,349 | 221 | 3,570
Disposals | 95 | 58 | 153
Additions | 14,419 | 319 | 14,738
Remeasurement | 459 | — | 459
Effect of changes in exchange rates | ( 52 | ) | ( 1 | ) | ( 53 | )
Balance as at December 31, 2022 | 16,201 | 338 | 16,539
Depreciation | 4,316 | 256 | 4,572
Disposals | 293 | 46 | 339
Additions | 613 | 316 | 929
Remeasurement | ( 536 | ) | — | ( 536 | )
Effect of changes in exchange rates | 44 | 7 | 51
Balance as at December 31, 2023 | 11,713 | 359 | 12,072 C. Lease liabilities Maturity analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities: December 31, | December 31,
2022 | 2023
Maturity analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities:
Less than one year | 4,846 | 4,473
One to five years | 12,189 | 8,520
Above 5 years | 185 | 222
Total | 17,220 | 13,215 F- 49 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) D. Amounts recognized in profit or loss 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Interest expenses on lease liability | 237 | 180 | 477
Expenses relating to leases | 1,592 | 3,723 | 4,911
1,829 | 3,903 | 5,388 During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid a total of $ 4,823 and $ 4,151 , respectively, for lease payments. Note 22 - Contingent liabilities On February 12, 2023, Murchinson
Ltd., BPY Limited, Nomis Bay Ltd., Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP. and Boothbay Diversified Alpha Master Fund, LP., (collectively
“Murchinson” or “Murchinson and Affiliates”) submitted a statement of claim to the Lod District Court (Economic
Department) (the “Court”), in which they asserted that Company’s shares registered under Form S-8, filed with the SEC
on January 27, 2023, were allocated unlawfully and in bad faith, resulting in the deprivation of shareholders’ rights. Murchinson
also requested that the Court cancel the registration of the newly registered shares on the Company’s Form S-8. Furthermore, Murchinson
demanded that the Court order the Company to refrain from any allocation of shares from the newly registered shares, or, in the alternative,
to make any allocation subject to shareholder meeting approval or condition any future allocations from the newly registered shares on
specific criteria related to employee and official compensation. Pre-trial hearings were held on June 18, 2023, and on February 21, 2024. Separately, on February 27,
2023, the Company filed a claim against Murchinson in the Court, challenging Murchinson’s right to convene a shareholders’
meeting, contending that they are not shareholders (but rather ADS holders). Following a hearing on June 18, 2023, the matter was stayed
until a verdict is reached in the March 26, 2023 claim Murchinson and Affiliates filed with the Court, as described below. On March 26, 2023, Murchinson
filed for temporary relief in the Court, in which it claimed that it had the right to convene a special general meeting of shareholders
on March 20, 2023, and that the decisions in that special general meeting would be valid and legally binding. Specifically, the meeting
Murchinson wanted to convene would amend the article of association and appoint two directors (the “Alleged Directors”), and
remove from office Yoav Stern, Oded Gera, Igal Rotem and Dr. Yoav Nissan-Cohen. Following a hearing and submission of motions, on April
16, 2023, the Court rejected Murchinson’s request for temporary relief and request that the Company to refrain from doing any business
outside the ordinary course of business. The Court, however, granted the alternative relief of appointing the Alleged Directors as board
observers. The Company filed, with the Supreme Court of Israel, a request for interlocutory appeal, but was denied. This claim is currently
pending before the Court. On August 31, 2023, Murchinson
filed a complaint against the Company and Mr. Yoav Stern, arguing that the Company wrongfully counted proxy cards at its September 7,
2023, annual general meeting (the “AGM”), and that the required majority for the dismissal of directors at the AGM are a simple
majority rather than a special majority of 70 %. In connection with this complaint, Murchinson requested temporary relief requesting that
the Court instructs the Company (1) to refrain from implementing the decisions reached at the AGM; or (2) to refrain from convening board
of directors and committee meetings with members comprising Ms. Hanna Caspi, Mr. Oded Gera and Dr. Yoav Cohen-Nissan; or (3) to refrain
from doing any business outside the ordinary course of business, including changes in Company’s capital. A hearing took place on
September 5, 2023, during which the Court denied the request for temporary reliefs. The Company filed a counterstatement of claims to
Murchinson’s complaint on January 18, 2024, and its statement of defense on January 21, 2024. A hearing was held on February 21,
2024, in which the Court scheduled further proceedings starting in September 2024. On March 27, 2023, the Company
filed a complaint, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging claims against Murchinson and Affiliates
as well as Anson Funds, or Anson. The complaint alleges that defendants improperly engaged in coordinated efforts to acquire a large stake
in the Company and interfered with its business operations, in violation of U.S. securities laws, New York law, and pertinent contracts
governing Company’s ADSs. The complaint also alleges that defendants’ conduct was in violation of Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and constituted breach of contract, tortious interference with prospective business relationships, and unjust enrichment. After the
Company filed the complaint, on May 2, 2023 and June 23, 2023, Murchinson and Anson filed amended disclosures with the SEC. On July 10,
2023, the United States District Court dismissed Company’s federal securities claims against Murchinson and Anson and declined to
exercise supplemental jurisdiction concerning Company’s state law claims, dismissing them without prejudice. On August 9, 2023,
the Company appealed the District Court’s decision dismissing Company’s claims arising under Section 13(d) of the Exchange.
That appeal remains pending. On July 14, 2023, the Company
filed a complaint against Murchinson and Affiliates and Anson in the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The complaint in this action
alleges that Murchinson and Affiliates breached multiple provisions of the contract that governs there holdings of our ADSs and were unjustly
enriched through their improper trading of our ADSs. On August 3, 2023, the Supreme Court of the State of New York issued a decision temporarily
staying the Company’s claims pending a post-trial ruling in the March 26, 2023 claim Murchinson and Affiliates filed with the Court.
The Company does not anticipate that any further action will take place in this matter until the stay is lifted. On May 1, 2023, Murchinson
filed a complaint in the Southern District of New York alleging that the Company and its directors violated New York Civil Rights Law
§§ 70-a and 76- a when they initiated the above-referenced litigation in the Southern District of New York. On August 9, 2023,
The Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in its entirety, arguing, inter alia , that the Southern District of New York
lacks jurisdiction to hear the claims and that Murchinson’s complaint fails on the merits. The Company’s motion to dismiss
remains pending. F- 50 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) On
April 25, 2023, the Company filed a motion for the issuance of temporary relief against Stratasys and its board of directors, requesting
that the Tel Aviv District Court prevent Stratasys from sabotaging a special tender offer that the Company announced it intended to publish
according to the mechanism prescribed in the Companies Law for implementing an unlawful “poison pill.” On May 7, 2023, the
Company filed a statement of claim (the “Poison Pill Claim”), against Stratasys and its board of directors. Following a hearing
held in connection with the Poison Pill Claim, on July 18, 2023, the Tel Aviv District Court suggested, without making a conclusive decision,
that he believes that there is no per se prohibition against such a plan as long as it does not discriminate between shareholders. On
August 8, 2023, the Tel Aviv District Court stayed the proceedings in the Poison Pill Claim. On November 16, 2023, the Company asked the
Tel Aviv District Court to resume the proceedings and to set dates for final briefing. The matter is currently pending before the Tel
Aviv District Court. On December 7, 2022, the
Company was served with a motion requesting the discovery of documents in the Tel Aviv District Court (Economic Department) by an ADS
holder, Mr. Kfir Sapir asserting, among other things, that the purchase price in the Company’s acquisition of DeepCube did not
accurately reflect the acquired company’s value, that there were flaws in the approval process for the acquisition during the meeting
of the Company’s board of directors, which allegedly resulted in a breach of the directors’ fiduciary duties, and that the
Company had undervalued DeepCube in its financial reports for 2021, suggesting that the acquired company had no worth. Following the
Company’s response, on October 19, 2023, upon a request from the plaintiff, the court dismissed the matter without prejudice because
the plaintiff intended to file a derivative action. On September 5, 2023, Mr. Sapir filed a motion to certify a derivative action according
to section 198 to the Israeli Companies Law 5759-1999 against the Company and its directors with the Tel Aviv District Court, arguing
the decision to acquire DeepCube for approximately $ 40,000 in cash and $ 30,000 worth of ADSs, was unreasonable, based on his notion that
DeepCube is only a “startup company” with allegedly no revenues and no products. A court hearing is scheduled for July 3,
2024. On March 18, 2024, the Company
filed a motion for temporary injunction in the Court against Murchinson, and Affiliates and Mr. Moshe Sarfati, a senior analyst at Murchinson
(the “ Respondents ”), in which the Company claims that the Respondents
had contacted officers at certain third-party companies with whom Company have had business discussions, and committed tortious interference.
The Company asked the Court to issue an injunction against the Respondents: I. | To refrain from contacting third parties – including companies in the field of 3D printing and/or companies engaged in negotiations with the Company – regarding the Company’s affairs, and to present them with misleading presentations casting doubt over the legality of the current board of directors of the Company and implying that the current board of directors and management are not authorized to make decisions regarding the Company’s transactions, or to threaten them that Respondents will act to thwart any negotiation, collaboration, or transaction with the Company under the guidance of the Company’s current board of directors. II. | To avoid interfering with or undermining the Company’s business activities, including any attempts to thwart transactions advancing the Company’s interests with third parties, including merger, acquisition, or stock exchange transactions. The Company also asked the Court to order the Respondents to provide a written affidavit to be submitted by each of the Respondents, detailing all communications made to third parties engaged in business relations with the Company, with the aim of interfering in the Company's business affairs. On March 21, 2024,
we filed a complaint with the Court requesting a declaration that Respondents had breached their duties and requesting the remedies specified
above. A hearing is scheduled for March 26, 2024. Note 23 – Transactions and balances with related parties A. Balances with related parties December 31,
2022 | 2023
Employee benefits liabilities | 387 | 1,474 B. Shareholders and other related parties’
benefits Year ended on December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Salaries and related expenses- related parties employed by the Group (*) | 13,629 | 10,185 | 11,818
Number of related parties | 7 | 8 | 8
Compensation for directors not employed by the Group | 3,951 | 374 | 408
Number of directors | 8 | 7 | 8 (*) | The figures include share-based payment expenses of $ 6,692 (2022: $ 7,333 , 2021: $ 10,925 ) C. On April 22, 2021, the Company acquired 100 %
of the shares and voting interests in DeepCube. The founders of DeepCube are Mr. Eli David and Mr. Yaron Eitan (through his holding in
Anaknu LLC (“Anaknu”), of which he is one of the shareholders). Mr. Eli David and Mr. Yaron Eitan were directors of DeepCube.
Mr. Eli David also continued to work at DeepCube after the acquisition, in the role of Chief Technology Officer. F- 51 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) For the sale of their holdings in the company,
the founders received the following consideration (Mr. Eli David and Anaknu in aggregate): 1. | Cash payments - $ 19,420 . 2. | Payment in equity instruments to Anaknu 1,339 thousand ordinary shares with a fair value of $ 11,682 . Those shares were entitled to a share price protection mechanism for a period of 12 months. In April 2022 an amount of $ 3,661 was paid with regards to this price protection mechanism. 3. | Post-acquisition compensation cost 892 thousand ordinary shares, with a share price protection mechanism for a period of 12 to 36 months, subject to conditions related to the continued employment of Mr. Eli David. These shares were not taken into account as part of the consideration for the business combination. The fair value of those shares, with the share price protection mechanism, was estimated at the transaction date at $ 7,756 . For the year ended December 31, 2023, $ 1,190 (2022: $ 3,286 ) of the
share-based compensation was recognized as share-based payment expenses. D. | On May 25, 2021, following approval of the general meeting of the Company’s shareholders, the Company granted options to purchase 131,000 ADSs to directors of the Company with exercise prices ranging from $ 7.69 to $ 9.33 per ADS. E. | In May 2021, the Company granted options to purchase 3,000,000 ADSs to officers of the Company at an exercise price of $ 6.00 per ADS. In addition, the Company granted options to purchase 1,000,000 ADSs to an officer of the Company, subject to certain change-of-control events, which have not occurred during the reporting period. F. | In January 2022, the Company granted options to purchase 400,000 ADSs to an officer of the Company at an exercise price of $ 3.79 per ADS. G. | In June 2022, the Company granted 210,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. H. | In August 2022, the Company granted 1,270,000 RSUs to officers of the Company. I. | In September 2022, the Company replaced options to purchase 3,241,737 ADSs granted before to certain officers and directors of the Company with 1,620,869 RSUs. J. | In November 2022, the Company granted 75,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. In addition, the Company granted 500,000 RSUs to an officer of the Company. K. | In January 2023, the Company granted 350,000 RSUs to officers of the Company. L. | In April 2023, Mr. Yoav Stern exercised 4,816,282 warrants into 3,559,073 shares. M. | In June 2023, the Company granted 200,000 RSUs to directors of the Company. In addition, the Company granted 500,000 RSUs to an officer of the Company. N. | In October 2023 the Company granted 70,000 RSUs to directors of the Company and 850,000 RSUs to officers of the Company. O. | In November 2023, the Company changed the vesting terms of options to purchase 1,000,000 ADSs granted to an officer of the Company. For additional information regarding share-based
payments transactions with officers and directors see note 19. F- 52 Nano Dimension Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) Note 24 – Events after the reporting date A. | After the reporting period, in January to March 15, 2024, the Company acquired 17,110,217 of the Company’s ADSs in a total amount of $ 46,150 and recorded an increase in the reserve for treasury shares accordingly. B. | In January 2024, the Company entered into the Rights Plan, with the intention to protect the long-term interests of the Company’s ADS holders and enable them to realize the full potential value of their investment in the Company. The Rights Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that any entity, person or group would gain control of, or significant influence over the Company. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, the Company issued one special purchase right for every one ADS outstanding at the close of business on February 5, 2024. Each right allows its holder to purchase from the Company one-half (0.5) of one ADS, at a purchase price of $ 0.01 per ADS, once the rights become exercisable. The rights would become exercisable only if an entity, person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 10 % or more of the Company’s outstanding ordinary shares in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. The rights will expire on January 25, 2025. C. | After the reporting period, in February and March 2024, the Group granted 510,000 RSUs to employees of the Company. The RSUs represent the right to receive ordinary shares at a future time and vest over a period of three to four years. F-53 International Financial Reporting Standards false FY 0001643303 0001643303 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 dei:BusinessContactMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AmericanDepositarySharesEachRepresentingOneOrdinarySharesParValueNIS500PerShare1OrdinarySharesParValueNIS500PerShare2Member 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RightsToPurchaseAmericanDepositorySharesEachAmericanDepositaryShareRepresentingOneOrdinaryShareParValueNIS500PerShareMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 2023-12-31 0001643303 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RevenuesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RevenuesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RevenuesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostOfRevenuesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostOfRevenuesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostOfRevenuesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:BusinessCombinationAndTechnologyMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:BusinessCombinationAndTechnologyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:BusinessCombinationAndTechnologyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RemeasurementOfIAS19Member 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RemeasurementOfIAS19Member 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RemeasurementOfIAS19Member 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RemeasurementOfIAS19Member 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:RemeasurementOfIAS19Member 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2020-12-31 0001643303 2020-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IssuedCapitalMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:SharePremiumMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ReserveOfExchangeDifferencesOnTranslationMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ParentMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NoncontrollingInterestsMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:MachineryAndEquipmentsMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:MachineryAndEquipmentsMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ComputersMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ComputersMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:MotorVehiclesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:LeaseMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 currency:ILS 2022-12-31 0001643303 currency:ILS 2023-12-31 0001643303 currency:USD 2022-12-31 0001643303 currency:USD 2023-12-31 0001643303 currency:GBP 2022-12-31 0001643303 currency:GBP 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:euroMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:euroMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CHFMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CHFMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CostMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DepreciationAccruedMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:MachineryEquipmentAndVehiclesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:ComputerEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:OfficeFurnitureAndEquipmentMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember nndm:RawMaterialsForPropertyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GrossCarryingAmountMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 2023-08-01 2023-08-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoFabricasRevenuesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodwillMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:TechnologyMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DevelopmentCostsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodwillMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:TechnologyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DevelopmentCostsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodwillMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:TechnologyMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DevelopmentCostsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodwillMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:TechnologyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DevelopmentCostsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodwillMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:TechnologyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DevelopmentCostsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 2022-01-04 0001643303 2022-01-04 2022-01-04 0001643303 nndm:EBITDAMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EBITDAMember 2022-03-31 0001643303 nndm:EBITDAMember 2022-01-04 0001643303 ifrs-full:ContingentConsiderationMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GlobalInkjetSystemsLtdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GlobalInkjetSystemsLtdMember 2022-01-04 2022-01-04 0001643303 nndm:GISRevenuesThresholdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BusinessCombinationsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 2022-08-22 2022-08-22 0001643303 nndm:SubsequentMember 2023-03-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2022-03-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2022-03-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:ContingentConsiderationMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 2023-06-30 0001643303 nndm:SubsequentMember 2024-06-30 0001643303 nndm:SubsequentMember 2025-06-30 0001643303 ifrs-full:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AcquisitionOfFormatecHoldingsMember 2022-07-07 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionTechnologiesLtdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionTechnologiesLtdMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionUSAIncMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionUSAIncMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionHKLimitedMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionHKLimitedMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionAustraliaPtyLtdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionAustraliaPtyLtdMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionGmbHMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionGmbHMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:JAMESGmbHMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:JAMESGmbHMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ESSEMTECAGMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ESSEMTECAGMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionSwissMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoDimensionSwissMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GlobalInkjetSystemsLtdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GlobalInkjetSystemsLtdMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:FormatecHoldingBVMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:FormatecHoldingBVMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AcquisitionOfGISMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AcquisitionOfGISMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AcquisitionOfFormatecHoldingsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AcquisitionOfEssemtecMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:IsraeliInnovationAuthorityMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2023-10-12 0001643303 nndm:BoardOfDirectorsMember 2023-08-31 0001643303 nndm:RepurchasePlanMember 2023-08-31 0001643303 2023-08-31 0001643303 2023-10-30 0001643303 2023-10-17 0001643303 ifrs-full:OrdinarySharesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:OrdinarySharesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GISMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:GISMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AdmatecFormatecMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:AdmatecFormatecMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EssemtecAndNanoSwissMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EssemtecAndNanoSwissMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsumablesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsumablesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsumablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SupportServicesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SupportServicesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SupportServicesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SalesOfSystemsMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SalesOfSystemsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:SalesOfSystemsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ResearchAndDevelopmentServicesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ResearchAndDevelopmentServicesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ResearchAndDevelopmentServicesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 srt:AmericasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 srt:AmericasMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 srt:AmericasMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EuropeAndIsraelMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EuropeAndIsraelMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EuropeAndIsraelMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredOverTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredOverTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredOverTimeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:GoodsOrServicesTransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2016-12-22 2016-12-22 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2016-12-22 2016-12-22 0001643303 nndm:FirstStepMember 2016-12-22 2016-12-22 0001643303 nndm:SecondStepMember 2016-12-22 2016-12-22 0001643303 ifrs-full:CountryOfDomicileMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CountryOfDomicileOneMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CountryOfDomicileTwoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CountryOfDomicileThreeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CountryOfDomicileFourMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CountryOfDomicileFiveMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 country:DE 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeeBenefitsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CarryForwardTaxLossesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeeBenefitsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CarryForwardTaxLossesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeeBenefitsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CarryForwardTaxLossesMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeeBenefitsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CarryForwardTaxLossesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:IntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeeBenefitsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:CarryForwardTaxLossesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ActiveBenefitLiabilityMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ActiveBenefitLiabilityMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PensionersBenefitLiabilityMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PensionersBenefitLiabilityMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DefinedBenefitObligationMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DefinedBenefitObligationMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:FairValueOfPlanAssetsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:FairValueOfPlanAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NetDefinedBenefitLiabilityassetMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NetDefinedBenefitLiabilityassetMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PercentagePointIncreaseMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PercentagePointIncreaseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PercentagePointDecreaseMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:PercentagePointDecreaseMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesConsultantAndOfficerMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesConsultantAndOfficerMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 2021-05-01 2021-05-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2021-05-01 2021-05-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2021-05-01 2021-05-31 0001643303 2022-06-01 2022-06-30 0001643303 2022-11-01 2022-11-30 0001643303 2022-09-01 2022-09-30 0001643303 2023-06-01 2023-06-30 0001643303 2023-10-01 2023-10-31 0001643303 nndm:DeepCubesMember 2021-04-22 0001643303 nndm:FounderMember 2021-04-22 0001643303 2021-04-22 2021-04-22 0001643303 nndm:NanoFabricaMember 2021-04-26 0001643303 nndm:NanoFabricaMember 2021-04-26 2021-04-26 0001643303 nndm:NanoFabricaMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NanoFabricaMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsultantsAndEmployeesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsultantsAndEmployeesMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:ConsultantsAndEmployeesMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ShareOptionsAndRSUsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ReplacementAwardsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ShareOptionsAndRSUsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ShareOptionsAndRSUsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ReplacementAwardsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ShareOptionsAndRSUsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ReplacementAwardsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:EmployeesAndConsultantsMember nndm:ShareOptionsAndRSUsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsAndChiefExecutiveOfficierMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:StratasysLtdMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:StratasysLtdMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:IOPMember 2019-02-28 2019-02-28 0001643303 2019-02-28 2019-02-28 0001643303 nndm:IOPMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NoteWarrantsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NoteWarrantsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NoteWarrantsMember 2019-08-01 2019-08-31 0001643303 2020-02-04 2020-02-04 0001643303 ifrs-full:WarrantsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:WarrantsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DividendYieldMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level3OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2021-11-02 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NISMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:UnitedStateMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NISMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:UnitedStateMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:OtherMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateOneMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateOneMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateTwoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateTwoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateThreeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InterestRateThreeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level1OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level1OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level1OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level1OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:Level2OfFairValueHierarchyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NotLaterThanOneYearMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LaterThanOneYearMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NotLaterThanOneYearMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LaterThanOneYearMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:NessZionaMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:FormatecHoldingsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:InformationRegardingMaterialLeaseAgreementsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:VehiclesMember 2021-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:VehiclesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:VehiclesMember 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:VehiclesMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:BuildingsMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:VehiclesMember 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NotLaterThanOneYearMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:NotLaterThanOneYearMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LaterThanFourYearsAndNotLaterThanFiveYearsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 ifrs-full:LaterThanFourYearsAndNotLaterThanFiveYearsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:Above5YearsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001643303 nndm:Above5YearsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001643303 nndm:DirectorsMember 2023-08-31 2023-08-31 0001643303 nndm:DeepCubeMember 2022-12-07 0001643303 nndm:DeepCubeMember 2022-12-07 2022-12-07 0001643303 nndm:DeepCubeMember 2021-04-22 0001643303 2022-04-01 2022-04-30 0001643303 2021-05-01 2021-05-25 0001643303 ifrs-full:BottomOfRangeMember 2021-05-25 0001643303 ifrs-full:TopOfRangeMember 2021-05-25 0001643303 2021-05-31 0001643303 2022-01-01 2022-01-31 0001643303 2022-01-31 0001643303 2022-08-01 2022-08-31 0001643303 srt:OfficerMember 2022-11-01 2022-11-30 0001643303 srt:OfficerMember 2023-01-01 2023-01-31 0001643303 2023-04-30 0001643303 2023-04-30 2023-04-30 0001643303 srt:OfficerMember 2023-06-01 2023-06-30 0001643303 srt:OfficerMember 2023-10-01 2023-10-31 0001643303 2023-11-01 2023-11-30 0001643303 2024-01-15 2024-03-15 0001643303 ifrs-full:TreasurySharesMember 2024-03-15 0001643303 nndm:EventsAfterTheReportingDateMember 2024-01-01 2024-01-31 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure iso4217:GBP iso4217:EUR iso4217:CHF iso4217:ILS