6-K 1 f6k051717c_nanodimension.htm REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 6-K Report of Foreign Private Issuer Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the month of: May 2017 (Report No. 4) Commission file number: 001-37600 NANO DIMENSION LTD. (Translation of registrant’s name
into English) 2 Ilan Ramon Ness Ziona 7403635 Israel (Address of principal executive offices) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F ☒ Form
40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulations S-T Rule 101(b)(1):_____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulations S-T Rule 101(b)(7):_____ CONTENTS The Registrant has posted a corporate presentation
to its website. A copy of the presentation is furnished with this Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as Exhibit 99.1
and is incorporated herein by reference. Forward Looking Statements This presentation of Nano Dimension Ltd.
(the “Company”) contains “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act and other securities laws. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,”
“believes,” “seeks,” “estimates” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. For example, we are using forward-looking statements when we discuss the market potential
of our products, the anticipated time line of anticipated sales and revenues and additional opportunities for our products, including
bio-printing of stem cells. In addition, while we have had more than 5,000 entities join our wait list for information about our
DragonFly™ 2020 3D Printer, we cannot guarantee that any of the entities will ultimately purchase our printer. Forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, and are based upon management’s current expectations, beliefs and projections, many
of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain. Such expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith. However,
there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs and projections will be achieved and actual results may
differ materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting the Company, reference is made to the Company’s
reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including, but not limited to,
the risks detailed in the Company’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect actual results, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking
information except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If the Company does update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that the Company will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to
other forward-looking statements. Exhibit No. 99.1 | Corporate Presentation of Nano Dimension Ltd., dated May 2017 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. Nano Dimension Ltd. (Registrant)
By | /s/ Yael Sandler
Name: | Yael Sandler
Chief Financial Officer Date: May 17, 2017 3