F-1 1 ea119530-f1_nanodimension.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
16, 2020 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 Form F-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 NANO DIMENSION
LTD. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) State of Israel | 3672 | Not Applicable
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2 Ilan Ramon St. Ness Ziona 7403635 Israel Tel: +972-073-7509142 | Nano Dimension USA Inc. 3671 Enochs Street, Santa Clara CA 95051 Tel: (408) 824-8242
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) | (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Oded Har-Even, Esq. David Huberman, Esq. Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer and Sullivan & Worcester LLP 1633 Broadway New York, NY 10019 Tel: 212.660.3000 | Reut Alfiah, Adv. Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer & Co. 41-45 Rothschild Blvd. Beit Zion Tel-Aviv, Israel 65784 Tel: +972.3.795.5555 | Mitchell Nussbaum, Esq. Norwood P. Beveridge, Jr., Esq. Lili Taheri, Esq. Loeb & Loeb LLP 345 Park Avenue New York, NY 10154 Phone: (212) 407-4000 Fax: (212) 407-4990 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the
public: As soon as practicable after the effective date hereof. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Emerging
growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
† provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ † The term “new or revised financial accounting
standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification
after April 5, 2012. CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1)(2)(3) | Amount of Registration Fee (4)
Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.1 per share, as represented by American Depositary Shares | $ | 12,650,000 | $ | 1,641.97
Representative’s warrants to purchase American Depositary Shares (5) | - | -
Ordinary Shares underlying the American Depositary Shares issuable upon exercise of Representative’s warrants (6) | 790,625 | 102.63
Total | $ | 13,440,625 | $ | 1,744.60 (1) | The Ordinary Shares will be represented by American Depositary Shares, or ADSs, each of which currently represents fifty Ordinary Shares. A separate Registration Statement on Form F-6 (Registration No. 333-204797) has been filed for the registration of ADSs issuable upon deposit of the Ordinary Shares. (2) | Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, the Ordinary Shares registered hereby also include an indeterminate number of additional Ordinary Shares as may from time to time become issuable by reason of stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or other similar transactions. (3) | Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. Includes the offering price of additional shares that the underwriter has the option to purchase to cover over-allotments, if any. (4) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) based on an estimate of the proposed maximum aggregate offering price.
(5) | In accordance with Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act, because the Ordinary Shares of the registrant underlying the warrants are registered hereby, no separate registration fee is required with respect to the warrants registered hereby.
(6) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act. The warrants are exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to 125% of the public offering price. As estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act, the proposed maximum aggregate offering price of the Representative’s warrants is equal to 125% of $632,500 (which is equal to 5% of $12,650,000). The registrant hereby amends this registration statement
on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant
to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this
prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting
an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS | SUBJECT TO COMPLETION | DATED MARCH 16, 2020 American Depositary Shares Representing Ordinary Shares Nano Dimension Ltd. We are offering up to American Depositary Shares, or
ADSs. Each ADS represents fifty of our ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.10, or Ordinary Shares. We refer to the ADSs, and the underlying Ordinary Shares being
offered hereby, collectively, as the securities. See “Description of the Offered Securities” for more information. Our ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq,
under the symbol “NNDM.” The last reported sale price of our ADSs on March 13, 2020 was $.98 per ADS. The actual offering
price per ADS in this offering will be determined between us and the underwriter at the time of pricing, and may be at a discount
to the current market price for our ADSs. We are offering all of the ADSs offered by this prospectus. Our Ordinary Shares currently trade on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange,
or TASE, under the symbol “NNDM.” On March 15, 2020, the last reported trading price of our Ordinary Shares on the
TASE was NIS 0.061, or $0.017 per share (based on the exchange rate reported by the Bank of Israel on such date). On February
12, 2020, our board of directors resolved to voluntarily delist from the TASE. The last day of trading of our Ordinary Shares
on the TASE will be May 20, 2020. The ADSs will continue to trade on Nasdaq. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves risk. See “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 7 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment
in our securities. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Israel
Securities Authority nor any state or other foreign securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per ADS | Total
Public offering price | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) | $ | $
Proceeds to us (before expenses) | $ | $ (1) | We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses and the underwriters will receive compensation in addition to underwriting discounts and commissions. See the section titled “Underwriting” beginning on page 27 of this prospectus for additional disclosure regarding underwriter compensation and offering expenses. We have granted a 45-day option to the underwriter to purchase
up to additional ADSs solely to cover over-allotments, if any. The underwriter expects to deliver the ADSs to the purchasers
in this offering on or about , 2020. ThinkEquity a division of Fordham Financial Management,
Inc. The date of this prospectus is 
, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
Prospectus Summary | 1
Summary Consolidated Financial Data | 6
Risk Factors | 7
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 9
Use of Proceeds | 10
Dividend Policy | 11
Capitalization | 12
Dilution | 13
Description of Share Capital | 15
Description of the ADSs | 19
Underwriting | 27
Expenses | 35
Legal Matters | 35
Experts | 35
Enforceability of Civil Liabilities | 35
Where You Can Find Additional Information | 36
Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference | 37 You should rely only on the information
contained in this prospectus, including information incorporated by reference herein, and any free writing prospectus prepared
by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different. We are offering to sell our securities, and seeking offers to buy our securities, only in jurisdictions where offers
and sales are permitted. The information in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of
the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of our securities. For investors outside of the United States:
Neither we nor the underwriter have done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. You are required to inform yourselves
about and to observe any restrictions relating to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus. In this prospectus, “we,” “us,”
“our,” and the “Company” refer to Nano Dimension Ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Nano Dimension
Technologies Ltd. and Nano Dimension IP Ltd., Israeli corporations, Nano Dimension USA Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Nano
Dimension (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong corporation. Our reporting currency and functional currency
is the U.S. dollar. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to “dollars”
or “$” mean U.S. dollars, and references to “NIS” are to New Israeli Shekels. This prospectus includes statistical, market
and industry data and forecasts which we obtained from publicly available information and independent industry publications and
reports that we believe to be reliable sources. These publicly available industry publications and reports generally state that
they obtain their information from sources that they believe to be reliable, but they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness
of the information. Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we have not independently verified the information contained
in such publications. We report under International Financial
Reporting Standards, or IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. None of the financial statements were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. On October 22, 2019, we changed the ratio
of our ADSs to our Ordinary Shares from each ADS representing five Ordinary Shares to each ADS representing fifty Ordinary Shares.
This resulted in a 1 for 10 reverse split on our American Depositary Receipt program. Our Ordinary Shares were not affected by
the ratio change. All descriptions of our ADSs in this prospectus reflect such ratio change. i PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained
elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our
securities. Before you decide to invest in our securities, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk
Factors” section and the financial statements and related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus. Our Company We are a leading additive electronics provider.
We believe our flagship proprietary DragonFly LDM system is the first and only precision system that produces professional multilayer
circuit-boards (PCBs), radio frequency (RF) antennas, sensors, conductive geometries, and molded connected devices for rapid prototyping
through custom additive manufacturing. We have been actively developing our additive manufacturing technology since 2014, and
since that time we have listed our securities on the TASE and Nasdaq, and through December 31, 2019, have spent approximately
$70 million to build our additive electronics company. With our unique additive manufacturing technology for additively manufactured
electronics, we are targeting the growing market for smart electronic devices that rely on printed circuit boards, connected devices,
RF components and antennas, sensors, and smart products, including Internet of Things (IoT). Our Strategy By creating our own installed-base of printers
that require our own dedicated inks – we are establishing a “Razor and Blades” business model in which our customers
buy the printer first and then continue to purchase the dedicated inks and maintenance over time. We market and sell our products and services
worldwide, primarily to companies that develop products with electronic components, including companies in the defense industry,
including the U.S. Armed Forces, the automotive sector, consumer electronics, semiconductor, aerospace, and medical industries
and to research institutes. Our primary market is the U.S., though we have also experienced growth in Asia Pacific and Europe
and expect that trend to continue. Our goal is to expedite our growth and to
further advance our breakthrough technologies and commercialization efforts. To achieve these objectives, we plan to: ● | Increase sales. We are advancing our commercialization efforts and infrastructure, and allocating more resources to activities executed by our U.S. and Hong Kong headquarters, including increasing sales manpower. ● | Increase amount of applications and advanced electronics applicable use cases. In collaboration with our customers, create applications that can expedite the usage of our products for production grade products and consequently increase our sales. Our main focus is in collaboration with customers in the fields of automotive, aerospace, medical devices and defense. ● | Form alliances with industry leaders. We plan to collaborate with companies in the fields of design and manufacturing in order to expedite the adoption of our technology by the market. ● | Capitalize on our nano-conductive and dielectric inks, and software technology products . We plan to exploit our inks as supplemental products to our DragonFly LDM system. We also plan to increase the software options and enable levels of licensing that we could monetize. Our strategic growth plan includes the following: ● | Current state: Monetize commercially available products and services for additive electronics design. ● | Horizon 1: Deliver higher speed production-grade additive electronics systems and more materials and services. ● | Horizon 2: Deliver hybridized capabilities that combine mechanical functionality within electrified geometries. 1 Risks Associated with Our Business Our
business, and investing in our securities, are subject to numerous risks, as more fully described in the section entitled “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 7 and other
risk factors contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein. You should read these risks before making a decision
to invest in our securities. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
would likely be materially adversely affected. In each case, the trading price of our securities would likely decline, and you
may lose all or part of your investment. The following is a summary of some of the principal risks we face: ● | We have incurred significant losses since our inception, and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses until we are able to become profitable from sales of our products. Based on the projected cash flows and our cash balance as of December 31, 2019, our management is of the opinion that without further fund raising we will not have sufficient resources to enable us to continue advancing our activities, including the development, manufacturing and sale of our products for a period of at least 12 months from the date of this prospectus. As a result, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; ● | We depend entirely on the success of our current products, and we may not be able to successfully commercialize them; ● | We rely on highly-skilled technical personnel and if we are unable to attract, retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow or our business may contract; ● | Even if this offering is successful, we expect that we will need to raise additional funding before we can expect to become profitable from sales of our products; and ● | If we are unable to obtain and maintain effective patent rights for our products, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. Corporate Information We are an Israeli corporation based in Ness
Ziona and were incorporated in 1960. Our principal executive offices are located at 2 Ilan Ramon St., Ness Ziona 7403635, Israel.
Our telephone number in Israel is +972-73-7509142. Our website address is www.nano-di.com. The information contained on,
or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this prospectus. We have included our website address in this prospectus
solely as an inactive textual reference. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act.
As such, we are eligible to, and intend to, take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable
to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” such as not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We could remain an “emerging growth company”
for up to five years, which will be December 31, 2021, or until the earliest of (a) the last day of the first fiscal year
in which our annual gross revenue exceeds $1.07 billion, (b) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer”
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which would occur if
the market value of the securities that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (c) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible
debt during the preceding three-year period. 2 Implications of being a Foreign
Private Issuer We are subject to the information reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act that are applicable to “foreign private issuers,” and under those requirements we
will file reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. As a foreign private issuer, we are not subject
to the same requirements that are imposed upon U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. Under the Exchange Act, we are subject to reporting
obligations that, in certain respects, are less detailed and less frequent than those of U.S. domestic reporting companies. For
example, although we report our financial results on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to issue quarterly reports, proxy
statements that comply with the requirements applicable to U.S. domestic reporting companies, or individual executive compensation
information that is as detailed as that required of U.S. domestic reporting companies. We also have four months after the end
of each fiscal year to file our annual reports with the SEC and are not required to file current reports as frequently or promptly
as U.S. domestic reporting companies. We also present financial statements pursuant to IFRS instead of pursuant to U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Furthermore, although the members of our management and supervisory boards will be required to
notify the Israeli Securities Authority, of certain transactions they may undertake, including with respect to our Ordinary Shares,
our officers, directors and principal shareholders will be exempt from the requirements to report transactions in our equity securities
and from the short-swing profit liability provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. As a foreign private issuer,
we are also not subject to the requirements of Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure) promulgated under the Exchange Act. In addition,
as a foreign private issuer, we are permitted, and follow certain home country corporate governance practices instead of those
otherwise required under the listing rules of Nasdaq for domestic U.S. issuers. These exemptions and leniencies reduce the frequency
and scope of information and protections available to you in comparison to those applicable to a U.S. domestic reporting companies. 3 THE OFFERING Ordinary Shares currently outstanding | Ordinary Shares
ADSs offered by us | ADSs representing Ordinary Shares.
Ordinary Shares to be outstanding after this offering | Ordinary Shares (includes Ordinary Shares represented by ADSs).
The ADSs | Each ADS represents fifty of our Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.10 per share. The ADSs may be evidenced by American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs. The depositary will be the holder of the Ordinary Shares underlying the ADSs and you will have the rights of an ADS holder as provided in the deposit agreement among us, the depositary and owners and beneficial owners of ADSs from time to time.
To better understand the terms of the ADSs, you should carefully read the section in this prospectus entitled “Description of the Offered Securities.” We also encourage you to read the deposit agreement, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus.
Underwriter’s option to purchase additional securities | We have granted to the underwriter an over-allotment option exercisable not later than 45 days after the date of this prospectus to purchase up to additional ADSs (15% of the securities sold in this offering) from us to cover over-allotments, if any. If the underwriter exercises all or part of this option, it will purchase securities covered by the option at the public offering price per ADS, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. See “Underwriting.”
Representative’s Warrants | At closing we will issue warrants to purchase ADSs to the underwriter, or the Representative’s Warrant, as a portion of the underwriting compensation payable to the underwriter in connection with this offering. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the three and one-half year period commencing six months from the deemed effective date of the registration statement related to this offering at an exercise price equal to $ per share, or 125% of the public offering price of the ADSs. The Representative’s Warrants will not be registered or included in the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement is a part. Please see “Underwriting — Representative’s Warrants” for a description of these warrants.
Use of proceeds | We expect to receive approximately $ million in net proceeds from the sale of ADSs offered by us in this offering (approximately $ million if the underwriter exercises its over-allotment option in full), based upon an assumed public offering price of $ per ADS, the last reported sale price of our ADSs on Nasdaq on March , 2020. The actual offering price per share in this offering will be determined between us and the underwriter at the time of pricing, and may be at a discount to the current market price.
We currently expect to use the net proceeds from this offering to build up our sales and marketing infrastructure and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 4 Depositary | The Bank of New York Mellon.
Risk factors | You should read the “Risk Factors” section starting on page 7 of this prospectus, and “Item 3. - Key Information – D. Risk Factors” in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019, or the 2019 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein, and other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities.
Nasdaq Capital Market Symbol and Tel Aviv Stock Exchange symbol | “NNDM” The number of our ADSs and Ordinary Shares
to be outstanding immediately after this offering as shown above assume that all of the ADSs offered hereby are sold and is based
on 398,740,835 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of March 11, 2020. This number excludes: ● | 149,715,813 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of March 11, 2020, at exercise prices ranging from $0.04 to $0.25 per Ordinary Share; ● | 9,374,350 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the conversion of $326,227 worth of debentures outstanding as of March 11, 2020; ● | 527,032 Ordinary Shares held by the Company as treasury shares; ● | 28,809,402 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of options currently held by consultants, directors and employees under our 2015 Stock Option Plan, outstanding as of March 11, 2020; and ● | 30,990,598 Ordinary Shares reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Stock Option Plan, as of March 11, 2020. Unless otherwise indicated, all information
in this prospectus assumes no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. 5 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA We derived the selected data under the captions
“Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income Data” for the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2018, and the “Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data” as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 from our audited
consolidated financial statements included in our 2019 Annual Report. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements, and are qualified entirely by reference to such consolidated financial statements. (in thousands of U.S. dollars except share and per share data) | Year Ended December 31,
2018 | 2019
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income Data:
Revenues | 5,100 | 7,070
Cost of revenues | 3,594 | 4,312
Cost of revenues- amortization of intangible | 772 | 772
Gross profit | 734 | 1,986
Research and development expenses, net | 8,623 | 8,082
General and administrative expenses | 3,002 | 3,270
Sales and marketing expenses | 4,259 | 5,469
Operating loss | 15,150 | 14,835
Finance revenues (expenses), net | (338 | ) | 6,482
Total loss | 15,488 | 8,353
Basic and diluted loss per Ordinary Share | 0.17 | 0.05
Weighted average of number of Ordinary Shares used in the calculation of the basic and diluted loss per Ordinary Share | 91,798,959 | 175,633,341 (in thousands of U.S. dollars except share data) | As of December 31,
2018 | 2019
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data:
Cash | 3,753 | 3,894
Total assets | 20,303 | 22,858
Total non-current liabilities | 1,139 | 6,831
Accumulated loss | 51,610 | 59,963
Total equity | 15,572 | 11,602
Number of Ordinary Shares outstanding | 97,098,693 | 209,453,259 6 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks
described below and the risks described in our 2019 Annual Report which are incorporated by reference herein, as well as the financial
or other information included in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes, before you decide to buy our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not
the only risks facing us. We may face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to
be immaterial. Any of the risks described below, and any such additional risks, could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. In such case, you may lose all or part of your original investment. Risks Related to an Investment in Our
Securities and this Offering Our management team will have immediate and broad discretion
over the use of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively. We currently intend to use the net proceeds
of this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, possible in licensing of additional intellectual property
and product candidates, and next generation product development. See “Use of Proceeds.” However, our management will
have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds. Our shareholders may not agree with the manner in which our management
chooses to allocate the net proceeds from this offering. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Pending their use, we may invest
the net proceeds from this offering in a manner that does not produce income. The decisions made by our management may not result
in positive returns on your investment and you will not have an opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial or other information
upon which our management bases its decisions. We will need additional capital in the future. Raising
additional capital by issuing securities may cause dilution to existing shareholders. We have incurred losses in each year since
our inception. If we continue to use cash at our historical rates of use we will need significant additional financing, which
we may seek through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings and collaborations and strategic and
licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
the ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of any such offerings may include liquidation or other preferences that
may adversely affect the then existing shareholders rights. Debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment
obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such
as incurring debt or making capital expenditures. If we raise additional funds through collaboration, strategic alliance or licensing
arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product
candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. You will
experience immediate dilution in book value of any ADSs you purchase . Because the price per ADS being offered
is substantially higher than our net tangible book value per ADS, you will suffer substantial dilution in the net tangible book
value of any ADSs you purchase in this offering. After giving effect to the sale by us of ADSs in this offering, based on an assumed
public offering price of $ per ADS, which is the last reported sale price of our ADSs on Nasdaq on
March , 2020, and after deducting underwriter’s discount and commission and offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted
net tangible book value of our ADSs would be approximately $ million, or approximately $ 
per ADS, as of December 31, 2019. If you purchase ADSs in this offering, you will suffer immediate and substantial dilution of
our as adjusted net tangible book value of approximately $ per ADS. To the extent outstanding options
or warrants are exercised, you will incur further dilution. See “Dilution” on page 13 for a more detailed discussion
of the dilution you will incur in connection with this offering. 7 ADS representing a substantial
percentage of our outstanding shares may be sold in this offering, which could cause the price of our ADSs and Ordinary
Shares to decline . We may sell in this offering ADSs representing
Ordinary Shares, or approximately %, of our outstanding Ordinary Shares as of March , 2020. This sale and any future sales
of a substantial number of ADSs in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could materially adversely
affect the price of our ADSs and Ordinary Shares. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those ADSs or the
availability of those ADSs for sale will have on the market price of our ADSs and Ordinary Shares. We do not know whether a market for the ADSs and Ordinary
Shares will be sustained or what the trading price of the ADSs will be and as a result it may be difficult for you to sell your
ADSs or Ordinary Shares. Although our ADSs trade on Nasdaq and our
Ordinary Shares trade on TASE, an active trading market for the ADSs or Ordinary Shares may not be sustained. It may be difficult
for you to sell your ADSs or Ordinary Shares without depressing the market price for the ADSs or Ordinary Shares. As a result
of these and other factors, you may not be able to sell your ADSs. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to
raise capital by selling ADSs and Ordinary Shares and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies
or products by using our Ordinary Shares as consideration. Holders of ADSs may not receive the same distributions
or dividends as those we make to the holders of our Ordinary Shares, and, in some limited circumstances, you may not receive dividends
or other distributions on our Ordinary Shares and you may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or impractical to make
them available to you. The Depositary for the ADSs has agreed to
pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on Ordinary Shares or other deposited securities
underlying the ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of
Ordinary Shares your ADSs represent. However, the Depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical
to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder
of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not properly registered
or distributed under an applicable exemption from registration. In addition, conversion into U.S. dollars from foreign currency
that was part of a dividend made in respect of deposited Ordinary Shares may require the approval or license of, or a filing with,
any government or agency thereof, which may be unobtainable. In these cases, the Depositary may determine not to distribute such
property and hold it as “deposited securities” or may seek to effect a substitute dividend or distribution, including
net cash proceeds from the sale of the dividends that the Depositary deems an equitable and practicable substitute. We have no
obligation to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, Ordinary Shares, rights or other securities received through such
distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADSs, Ordinary Shares, rights
or anything else to holders of ADSs. In addition, the Depositary may withhold from such dividends or distributions its fees and
an amount on account of taxes or other governmental charges to the extent the Depositary believes it is required to make such
withholding. This means that you may not receive the same distributions or dividends as those we make to the holders of our Ordinary
Shares, and, in some limited circumstances, you may not receive any value for such distributions or dividends if it is illegal
or impractical for us to make them available to you. These restrictions may cause a material decline in the value of the ADSs. Holders of ADSs must act through the Depositary to
exercise their rights as shareholders of our company. Holders of our ADSs do not have the same
rights of our shareholders and may only exercise the voting rights with respect to the underlying Ordinary Shares in accordance
with the provisions of the Deposit Agreement. Under Israeli law and our articles of association, the minimum notice period required
to convene a shareholders meeting is no less than 21 or 35 calendar days, depending on the proposals on the agenda for the shareholders
meeting. When a shareholder meeting is convened, holders of ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders’ meeting
to permit them to withdraw their Ordinary Shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter. In addition,
the Depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of ADSs or carry out their voting instructions
in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the Depositary to extend voting rights to holders of the ADSs
in a timely manner, but we cannot assure holders that they will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct
the Depositary to vote their Ordinary Shares underlying the ADSs. Furthermore, the Depositary and its agents will not be responsible
for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such
vote. As a result, holders of our ADSs may not be able to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if their Ordinary
Shares underlying the ADSs are not voted as they requested. In addition, in the capacity as a holder of ADSs, they will not be
able to call a shareholders’ meeting. We face business disruption and related
risks resulting from the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19), which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. Our operations and business could be disrupted
and materially adversely affected by the recent outbreak of COVID-19. The spread of COVID-19 from China to other countries has
resulted in the Director General of the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern (PHEIC), based on the advice of the Emergency Committee under the International Health Regulations (2005),
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. issued a warning on February 25, 2020 regarding the likely spread
of COVID-19 to the U.S. While the COVID-19 outbreak is still in very early stages, international stock markets have begun to reflect
the uncertainty associated with the slow-down in the Chinese economy and the reduced levels of international travel experienced
since the beginning of January and the significant decline in the Dow Industrial Average at the end of February and beginning of
March 2020 was largely attributed to the effects of COVID-19. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports
and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will
enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-019 or its consequences, including downturns in business
sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. 8 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS Some of the statements made under “Prospectus
Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Use of Proceeds,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and elsewhere in this prospectus, including in our 2019 Annual Report incorporated
by reference herein, and other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, constitute forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are often characterized by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,”
“will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “continue,” “believe,”
“should,” “intend,” “project” or other similar words, but are not the only way these statements
are identified. These forward-looking statements may include,
but are not limited to, statements relating to our objectives, plans and strategies, statements that contain projections of results
of operations or of financial condition, expected capital needs and expenses, statements relating to the research, development,
completion and use of our products, and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events
or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking statements on assumptions
and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Important factors that could cause actual
results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements include,
among other things: ● | the overall global economic environment;
● | the impact of competition and new technologies;
● | general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate;
● | projected capital expenditures and liquidity;
● | changes in our strategy;
● | litigation; and
● | those factors referred to in our 2019 Annual Report incorporated by reference herein in “Item 3. Key Information - D. Risk Factors,” “Item 4. Information on the Company,” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects,” as well as in our 2019 Annual Report generally, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. These statements are only current predictions
and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry’s actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking
statements. We discuss many of these risks in this prospectus in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors” and
other risk factors contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements. Except as required by law, we are under no duty to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this prospectus. 9 USE OF PROCEEDS We expect to receive approximately $ million
in net proceeds from the sale of ADSs offered by us in this offering (approximately $ million if
the underwriter exercises its over-allotment option in full), based on an assumed offering price of $ 
per ADS, which is the last reported sale price of our ADSs on Nasdaq on March , 2020. A $0.10 increase (decrease) in the assumed
public offering price of $ per ADS would increase (decrease) the net proceeds from this offering
by approximately $ , assuming the number of ADS offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of
this prospectus, remains the same, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering
expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease the number of ADS we are offering. An increase (decrease) of 100,000 ADSs in
the number of ADSs offered by us, would increase (decrease) our net proceeds by approximately $ ,
after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The information
discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price and other terms of the offering
determined at pricing. We
currently expect to use the net proceeds from this offering to build up our sales and marketing infrastructure and
for working capital and general corporate purposes. The amounts and schedule of our actual expenditures
will depend on multiple factors. Therefore, our management will retain broad discretion over the use of the proceeds from this
offering. We may ultimately use the proceeds for different purposes than what we project. If the anticipated proceeds will not
be sufficient to fund all the proposed purposes, our management will determine the order of priority for using the proceeds, and,
if necessary, as well as the amount and sources of other funds needed. Pending our use of the net proceeds from
this offering, we may invest the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation investments, including short-term, investment
grade, interest bearing instruments and U.S. government securities. 10 DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid any cash
dividends on our Ordinary Shares and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of cash dividends,
if any, in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including
our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors
our board of directors may deem relevant. The Israeli Companies Law imposes further
restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends. Payment of dividends may be subject to Israeli
withholding taxes. See “Item 10. – Additional Information – E. “Taxation — Israeli Tax Considerations
and Government Programs” in our 2019 Annual Report incorporated by reference herein for additional information. 11 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash
and cash equivalents and our capitalization as of December 31, 2019: ● | on an actual basis;
● | on a pro forma basis to give effect to the issuance of 2,588,318 ADSs in a public offering from February 2020 at a public offering price per ADS of $1.50; and the conversion of $2,508,827 worth of debentures into 1,441,855 ADSs; and
● | on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give effect to the sale of ADSs in this offering at an assumed public offering price of $ per ADS, the last reported sale price of the ADSs on Nasdaq on March , 2020, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, as if the sale of the ADSs had occurred on December 31, 2019. You should read this table in conjunction
with the sections titled “Selected Financial Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and related notes included in our 2019 Annual Report,
 incorporated by reference herein. As of December 31, 2019
(in thousands USD) | Actual | Pro Forma | Pro Forma As Adjusted (1)
Cash and cash equivalents | 3,894
Liability in respect of government grants | 1,044
Lease liability | 2,089
Liability in respect of convertible notes and warrants | 3,698
Total liabilities | 11,256
Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital | 6,441
Share premium and capital reserves | 65,202
Treasury shares | (1,509)
Presentation currency translation reserve | 1,431
Accumulated loss | (59,963)
Total shareholders’ equity | 11,602
Total capitalization | 22,858 (1) | A $0.10 increase (decrease) in the assumed public offering price of $ per ADS, which is the last reported sale price of our ADSs on Nasdaq on March , 2020, would increase (decrease) the amount of cash and cash equivalents by approximately $ million and total shareholders’ equity by approximately $ million, assuming the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease the number of ADSs we are offering. An increase (decrease) of 100,000 ADSs in the number of ADSs offered by us, would increase (decrease) the amount of cash and cash equivalents by approximately $ million and total shareholders’ equity by approximately $ million after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and any estimated offering expenses payable by us. The information discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price and other terms of the offering determined at pricing. 12 DILUTION If you invest in our securities, your interest
will be diluted immediately to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per ADS you will pay in this offering
and the pro forma net tangible book value per ADS after this offering. At December 31, 2019, we had net tangible book value of
$ , corresponding to a net tangible book value of $ per Ordinary Share
or $ per ADS (using the ratio of fifty Ordinary Shares to one ADS). Net tangible book value per share
or per ADS represents the amount of our total tangible assets less our total liabilities, divided by , the total number of Ordinary
Shares outstanding at December 31, 2019, or , the total number of ADSs that would represent such total number of shares based
on a share-to-ADS ratio of fifty-to-one. Also, at December 31, 2019, on a pro forma
basis taking into account the issuance of 2,588,318 ADSs in a public offering from February 2020 at a public offering price per
ADS of $1.50; and the conversion of $2,508,827 worth of debentures into 1,441,855 ADSs, we had a net tangible book value of $
corresponding to a net tangible book value of $ per Ordinary Share, or $ per ADS. After giving effect to the sale of the ADSs
offered by us in this offering and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering
expenses payable by us, our pro forma net tangible book value estimated at December 31, 2019 would have been approximately $ 
, representing $ per Ordinary Share or $ per ADS. At the assumed
public offering price for this offering of $ per ADS, which is the last reported sale price of our
ADSs on Nasdaq on March , 2020, this represents an immediate decrease in pro forma net tangible book value of $ 
per Ordinary Share or $ per ADS to existing shareholders and an immediate dilution in net
tangible book value of $ per Ordinary Share or $ per ADS to
purchasers of ADSs in this offering. Dilution for this purpose represents the difference between the price per ADS paid by these
purchasers and pro forma net tangible book value per ADS immediately after the completion of this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution
of $ per ADS to purchasers of ADSs in this offering: Assumed public offering price per ADS | $
Historical net tangible book value per ADS as of December 31, 2019
Increase in net tangible book value due to the issuance of ADSs upon the conversion of debentures
Pro forma net tangible book value
Decrease in net tangible book value per ADS attributable to new investors
Pro forma net tangible book value per ADS after this offering
Dilution per ADS to new investors
Percentage of dilution in net tangible book value per ADS for new investors | % The above discussion and table are based
on 398,740,835 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of March 11, 2020, and excludes the following as of such date: ● | 149,715,813 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of March 11, 2020; ● | 9,374,350 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the conversion of $326,227 worth of debentures outstanding as of March 11, 2020; ● | 527,032 Ordinary Shares held by the Company as treasury shares; ● | 28,809,402 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of options currently held by consultants, directors and employees under our 2015 Stock Option Plan, outstanding as of March 11, 2020; and ● | 30,990,598 Ordinary Shares reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Stock Option Plan, as of March 11, 2020. To the extent that outstanding options or
warrants are exercised or we issue additional Ordinary Shares under our equity incentive plans, you may experience further dilution.
In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe
that we have sufficient funds for our current and future operating plans. To the extent that additional capital is raised through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of those securities could result in further dilution to the holders
of our Ordinary Shares and ADSs. 13 A $0.10 increase (decrease) in the assumed
public offering price of $ per ADS, which is the last reported sale price of our ADSs on Nasdaq
on March , 2020, would increase (decrease) our pro forma net tangible book value per ADS after this offering by $ 
 and the dilution per ADS to new investors by $ , assuming the number of ADSs offered by us,
as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease the number of ADSs we are offering. An increase (decrease) of 100,000 ADSs in
the number of ADSs offered by us, would increase (decrease) our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering by approximately
$ million and would decrease (increase) the pro forma net tangible book value per ADS after
this offering by $ per ADS and would increase (decrease) the dilution per ADS to new investors by
$ , after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by us. The information discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price
and other terms of the offering determined at pricing. 14 DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL The following description of our share capital
and provisions of our articles of association, or Articles of Association, are summaries and do not purport to be complete. Ordinary Shares As of March 11, 2020, our authorized share
capital consisted of 500,000,000 of our Ordinary Shares, of which 398,740,835 Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding and
527,032 shares are treasury shares (held by us). All of our outstanding Ordinary Shares have been validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. As of March 11, 2020, an additional 149,715,813
of our Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the exercise of warrants. The exercise price of the warrants outstanding ranges between
$0.04 and $0.25 per share. As of March 11, 2020, an additional 9,374,350
of our Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the conversion of $326,227 worth of debentures. As of March 11, 2020, an additional 28,809,402
of our Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase our Ordinary Shares. Our registration number with the Israeli
Registrar of Companies is 520029109. Purposes and Objects of the Company Our purpose is set forth in Section 8 of
our amended and restated articles of association and includes every lawful purpose. The Powers of the Directors Our board of directors shall direct our
policy and shall supervise the performance of our chief executive officer and his actions. Our board of directors may exercise
all powers that are not required under the Israeli Companies Law of 1999, or the Companies Law, or under our amended and restated
articles of association to be exercised or taken by our shareholders. Rights Attached to Shares Our Ordinary Shares shall confer upon the
holders thereof: ● | equal right to attend and to vote at all general meetings of the Company, whether regular or special, with each Ordinary Share entitling the holder thereof, which attend the meeting and participate at the voting, either in person or by a proxy or by a written ballot, to one vote; ● | equal right to participate in distribution of dividends, whether payable in cash or in bonus shares, in distribution of assets or in any other distribution, on a per share pro rata basis; and ● | equal right to participate, upon dissolution of the Company, in the distribution of the Company assets legally available for distribution, on a per share pro rata basis. Shareholder’s rights of inspection of the Company
records Pursuant to the Companies Law, shareholders
have the right to inspect the Company documents that are specified below: (1) | minutes of the general meetings; (2) | the Company’s shareholders register and the register of substantial shareholders; 15 (3) | a document in the company’s possession, relating to an act or transaction with interested parties that requires approval by the general meeting; (4) | Articles of Association and financial reports; and (5) | any document that the company must submit under the Companies Law and under any statute to the Companies Registrar or to the Israeli Securities Authority and that is available for public inspection at the Companies Registrar or the Israeli Securities Authority, as the case may be. Election of Directors Pursuant to our amended and restated articles
of association, our directors are elected at an annual general meeting or at a special meeting, of our shareholders and serve
on the Board of Directors until the next annual general meeting (except for external directors) or until they resign or until
they cease to act as board members pursuant to the provisions of the amended and restated articles of association or any applicable
law, upon the earlier. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association allow our Board of Directors to appoint directors
to fill vacancies and/or as an addition to the Board of Directors (subject to the maximum number of directors) to serve until
the next annual general meeting or earlier if required by our amended and restated articles of association or applicable law,
upon the earlier. External directors are elected for an initial term of three years and may be removed from office pursuant to
the terms of the Companies Law. Annual and Special Meetings Under the Israeli law, we are required to
hold an annual general meeting of our shareholders once every calendar year, at such time and place which shall be determined
by our Board of Directors, which must be no later than 15 months after the date of the previous annual general meeting. All meetings
other than the annual general meeting of shareholders are referred to as special general meetings. Our Board of Directors may
call special meetings whenever it sees fit and upon the written request of: (a) any two of our directors; and/or (b) one or more
shareholders holding, in the aggregate, 5% of our outstanding voting power. Resolutions regarding the following matters
must be passed at a general meeting of our shareholders: ● | amendments to our amended and restated articles of association; ● | the exercise of our Board of Director’s powers if our Board of Directors is unable to exercise its powers; ● | appointment or termination of our auditors; ● | appointment of directors, including external directors; ● | approval of acts and transactions requiring general meeting approval pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Law and any other applicable law; ● | increases or reductions of our authorized share capital; and ● | a merger (as such term is defined in the Companies Law). Notices The Companies Law requires that a notice
of any annual or special shareholders meeting be provided at least 21 days prior to the meeting, and if the agenda of the meeting
includes the appointment or removal of directors, the approval of transactions with office holders or interested or related parties,
or an approval of a merger, notice must be provided at least 35 days prior to the meeting. 16 Quorum The quorum required for our general meetings
consists of at least two shareholders present in person, by proxy or written ballot, who hold or represent between them at least
25% of the total outstanding voting rights (instead of 33 1/3% of the issued share capital required under the NASDAQ Listing Rules).
If within half an hour of the time appointed for the general meeting a quorum is not present, the general meeting shall stand
adjourned the same day of the following week, at the same hour and in the same place, or to such other date, time and place as
prescribed in the notice to the shareholders and in such adjourned meeting, if no quorum is present within half an hour of the
time arranged, any number of shareholders participating in the meeting, shall constitute a quorum. If a general meeting was summoned following
the request of a shareholder, then a quorum required in an adjourned general meeting, shall consist of at least one or more shareholders,
which holds and represents at least 5% of the company’s issued and outstanding share capital and at least 1% of the company
voting rights, or one or more shareholder, which holds at least 5% of the Company’s voting rights. Adoption of Resolutions Our amended and restated articles of association
provide that all resolutions in our shareholders’ meetings require a simple majority of the vote of the shareholders attending
the general meeting, unless otherwise required under the Companies Law or our amended and restated articles of association. A
shareholder of the Company may vote in a general meeting in person, by proxy or by a written ballot. Our amended and restated
articles of association do not provide our shareholders with any cumulative voting rights. Changing Rights Attached to Shares Unless otherwise provided by the terms of
the shares and subject to any applicable law, in order to change the rights attached to any class of shares, such change must
be adopted by the Board of Directors and at a general meeting of the affected class or by a written consent of all the shareholders
of the affected class. The enlargement of an existing class of
shares or the issuance of additional shares thereof, shall not be deemed to modify the rights attached to the previously issued
shares of such class or of any other class, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the shares. Provisions Restricting Change in Control of Our Company There are no specific provisions of our
amended and restated articles of association that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control
of the Company or that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving us (or our
subsidiary, Nano Dimension Technologies Ltd.). However, as described below, certain provisions of the Companies Law may have such
effect. The Companies Law includes provisions that
allow a merger transaction and requires that each company that is a party to the merger have the transaction approved by its Board
of Directors and a vote of the majority of its shares. For purposes of the shareholder vote of each party, unless a court rules
otherwise, the merger will not be deemed approved if shares representing a majority of the voting power present at the shareholders
meeting and which are not held by the other party to the merger (or by any person who holds 25% or more of the voting power or
the right to appoint 25% or more of the directors of the other party) vote against the merger. Upon the request of a creditor
of either party to the proposed merger, the court may delay or prevent the merger if it concludes that there exists a reasonable
concern that as a result of the merger the surviving company will be unable to satisfy the obligations of any of the parties to
the merger. In addition, a merger may not be completed unless at least (1) 50 days have passed from the time that the requisite
proposals for approval of the merger were filed with the Israeli Registrar of Companies by each merging company and (2) 30 days
have passed since the merger was approved by the shareholders of each merging company. 17 The Companies Law also provides that an
acquisition of shares in a public company must be made by means of a “special” tender offer if as a result of the
acquisition (1) the purchaser would become a 25% or greater shareholder of the company, unless there is already another 25% or
greater shareholder of the company or (2) the purchaser would become a 45% or greater shareholder of the company, unless there
is already a 45% or greater shareholder of the company. These requirements do not apply if, in general, the acquisition (1) was
made in a private placement that received a shareholders’ approval as a private placement intended to make the offeree a
25% or greater shareholder of the company, unless there is already another 25% or greater shareholder of the company or a 45%
or greater shareholder of the company, unless there is already a 45% or greater shareholder of the company, (2) was from a 25%
or greater shareholder of the company which resulted in the acquirer becoming a 25% or greater shareholder of the company, or
(3) was from a 45% or greater shareholder of the company which resulted in the acquirer becoming a 45% or greater shareholder
of the company. A “special” tender offer must be extended to all shareholders, but the offeror is not required to
purchase more than 5% of the company’s outstanding shares, regardless of how many shares are tendered by shareholders. In
general, the tender offer may be consummated only if (1) at least 5% of the company’s outstanding shares will be acquired
by the offeror and (2) the number of shares tendered in the offer exceeds the number of shares whose holders objected to the offer. If, as a result of an acquisition of shares,
the acquirer will hold more than 90% of a company’s outstanding shares, the acquisition must be made by means of a tender
offer for all of the outstanding shares. In general, if less than 5% of the outstanding shares are not tendered in the tender
offer and more than half of the offerees who have no personal interest in the offer tendered their shares, all the shares that
the acquirer offered to purchase will be transferred to it. Shareholders may request from the court appraisal rights in connection
with a full tender offer for a period of six months following the consummation of the tender offer, but the acquirer is entitled
to stipulate that tendering shareholders will forfeit such appraisal rights. The Companies Law provides that any resolution
to change the Articles of Association so that a certain provision may only be changed by a special majority of the shareholders
(as shall be defined in such resolution) shall require the same special majority of the shareholders. As long as our securities are traded on
the TASE, we are subject to the provision of Section 46b(2) of the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968 according to which any further
issuance of our shares will be of the most preferential voting shares; however we may issue preferred shares which grant a preference
in the distribution of dividends but do not grant voting rights. Lastly, Israeli tax law treats some acquisitions,
such as stock-for-stock exchanges between an Israeli company and a foreign company, less favorably than U.S. tax laws. For example,
Israeli tax law may, under certain circumstances, subject a shareholder who exchanges his Ordinary Shares for shares in another
corporation to taxation prior to the sale of the shares received in such stock-for-stock swap. Changes in Our Capital The general meeting may, by a simple majority
vote of the shareholders attending the general meeting: ● | increase the Company’s registered share capital by the creation of new shares from the existing class or a new class, as determined by the general meeting; ● | cancel any registered share capital which have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person; ● | consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger nominal value than its existing shares; ● | subdivide the Company’s existing shares or any of them, the Company’s share capital or any of it, into shares of smaller nominal value than is fixed; ● | reduce the Company’s share capital and any fund reserved for capital redemption in any manner, and with and subject to any incident authorized, and consent required, by the Companies Law; and ● | reduce shares from the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, in such manner that those shares shall be cancelled and the nominal par value paid for those shares will be registered at the Company’s books as capital fund, which shall be deemed as a premium paid on those shares which shall remain in the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company. 18 DESCRIPTION OF THE ADSs The Bank of New York Mellon, as depositary,
will register and deliver ADSs. Each ADS will represent fifty shares (or a right to receive fifty shares) deposited with Bank
Hapoalim, as custodian for the depositary in Tel Aviv. Each ADS will also represent any other securities, cash or other property
which may be held by the depositary. The deposited shares together with any other securities, cash or other property held by the
depository are referred to as the deposited securities. The depositary’s office at which the ADSs will be administered is
located at 101 Barclay Street, New York, New York 10286. The Bank of New York Mellon’s principal executive office is located
at 225 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10286. You may hold ADSs either (A) directly (1)
by having an American Depositary Receipt, also referred to as an ADR, which is a certificate evidencing a specific number of ADSs,
registered in your name, or (2) by having uncertificated ADSs registered in your name, or (B) indirectly by holding a security
entitlement in ADSs through your broker or other financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in The Depository
Trust Company, or DTC. If you hold ADSs directly, you are a registered ADS holder, also referred to as an ADS holder. This description
assumes you are an ADS holder. If you hold the ADSs indirectly, you must rely on the procedures of your broker or other financial
institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. You should consult with your broker or financial institution
to find out what those procedures are. Registered holders of uncertificated ADSs
will receive statements from the depositary confirming their holdings. As an ADS holder, we will not treat you
as one of our shareholders and you will not have shareholder rights. Israeli law governs shareholder rights. The depositary will
be the holder of the shares underlying your ADSs. As a registered holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. A deposit agreement
among us, the depositary, ADS holders and all other persons indirectly or beneficially holding ADSs sets out ADS holder rights
as well as the rights and obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADSs. The following is a summary of the material
provisions of the deposit agreement. For more complete information, you should read the entire deposit agreement and the form
of ADR. Dividends and Other Distributions How will you receive dividends and other distributions
on the shares? The depositary has agreed to pay or distribute
to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on shares or other deposited securities,
upon payment or deduction of its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of shares
your ADSs represent. Cash. The depositary will convert
any cash dividend or other cash distribution we pay on the shares into U.S. dollars, if it can do so on a reasonable basis and
can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States. If that is not possible or if any government approval is needed and cannot
be obtained, the deposit agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom
it is possible to do so. It will hold the foreign currency it cannot convert for the account of the ADS holders who have not been
paid. It will not invest the foreign currency and it will not be liable for any interest. Before making a distribution, any withholding
taxes, or other governmental charges that must be paid will be deducted. The depository will distribute only whole U.S. dollars
and cents and will round fractional cents to the nearest whole cent. If the exchange rates fluctuate during a time when the depositary
cannot convert the foreign currency, you may lose some or all of the value of the distribution. Shares. The depositary may distribute
additional ADSs representing any shares we distribute as a dividend or free distribution. The depositary will only distribute
whole ADSs. It will sell shares which would require it to deliver a fraction of an ADS (or ADSs representing those shares) and
distribute the net proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. If the depositary does not distribute additional ADSs, the outstanding
ADSs will also represent the new shares. The depositary may sell a portion of the distributed shares (or ADSs representing those
shares) sufficient to pay its fees and expenses in connection with that distribution. 19 Rights to purchase additional shares. If we offer holders of our securities any rights to subscribe for additional shares or any other rights, the depositary may
(i) exercise those rights on behalf of ADS holders, (ii) distribute those rights to ADS holders or (iii) sell those rights and
distribute the net proceeds to ADS holders, in each case after deduction or upon payment of its fees and expenses. To the extent
the depositary does not do any of those things, it will allow the rights to lapse. In that case, you will receive no value for
them. The depositary will exercise or distribute rights only if we ask it to and provide satisfactory assurances to the depositary
that it is legal to do so. If the depositary will exercise rights, it will purchase the securities to which the rights relate
and distribute those securities or, in the case of shares, new ADSs representing the new shares, to subscribing ADS holders, but
only if ADS holders have paid the exercise price to the depositary. U.S. securities laws may restrict the ability of the depositary
to distribute rights or ADSs or other securities issued on exercise of rights to all or certain ADS holders, and the securities
distributed may be subject to restrictions on transfer. Other Distributions. The depositary
will send to ADS holders anything else we distribute on deposited securities by any means it thinks is legal, fair and practical.
If it cannot make the distribution in that way, the depositary has a choice. It may decide to sell what we distributed and distribute
the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash. Or, it may decide to hold what we distributed, in which case ADSs will
also represent the newly distributed property. However, the depositary is not required to distribute any securities (other than
ADSs) to ADS holders unless it receives satisfactory evidence from us that it is legal to make that distribution. The depositary
may sell a portion of the distributed securities or property sufficient to pay its fees and expenses in connection with that distribution.
U.S. securities laws may restrict the ability of the depositary to distribute securities to all or certain ADS holders, and the
securities distributed may be subject to restrictions on transfer. The depositary is not responsible if it
decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any ADS holders. We have no obligation to register
ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit
the distribution of ADSs, shares, rights or anything else to ADS holders. This means that you may not receive the distributions
we make on our shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you. Deposit, Withdrawal and Cancellation How are ADSs issued? The depositary will deliver ADSs if you
or your broker deposits shares or evidence of rights to receive shares with the custodian. Upon payment of its fees and expenses
and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will register the appropriate
number of ADSs in the names you request and will deliver the ADSs to or upon the order of the person or persons that made the
deposit. How can ADS holders withdraw the deposited
securities? You may surrender your ADSs for the purpose
of withdrawal at the depositary’s office. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp
taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will deliver the shares and any other deposited securities underlying the
ADSs to the ADS holder or a person the ADS holder designates at the office of the custodian. Or, at your request, risk and expense,
the depositary will deliver the deposited securities at its office, if feasible. However, the depository is not required to accept
surrender of ADSs to the extent it would require delivery of a fraction of a deposited share of other security. The depositary
may charge you a fee and its expenses for instructing the custodian regarding delivery of deposited securities. How do ADS holders interchange between
certificated ADSs and uncertificated ADSs? You may surrender your ADR to the depositary
for the purpose of exchanging your ADR for uncertificated ADSs. The depositary will cancel that ADR and will send to the ADS holder
a statement confirming that the ADS holder is the registered holder of uncertificated ADSs. Upon receipt by the depositary of
a proper instruction from a registered holder of uncertificated ADSs requesting the exchange of uncertificated ADSs for certificated
ADSs, the depositary will execute and deliver to the ADS holder an ADR evidencing those ADSs. 20 Voting Rights How do you vote? ADS holders may instruct the depositary
how to vote the number of deposited shares their ADSs represent. If we request the depositary to solicit your voting instructions
(and we are not required to do so), the depositary will notify you of a shareholders’ meeting and send or make voting materials
available to you. Those materials will describe the matters to be voted on and explain how ADS holders may instruct the depositary
how to vote. For instructions to be valid, they must reach the depositary by a date set by the depositary. The depositary will
try, as far as practical, subject to the laws of the State of Israel and the provisions of our articles of association or similar
documents, to vote or to have its agents vote the shares or other deposited securities as instructed by ADS holders. If we do
not request the depositary to solicit your voting instructions, you can still send voting instructions, and, in that case, the
depositary may try to vote as you instruct, but it is not required to do so. Except by instructing the depositary as
described above, you won’t be able to exercise voting rights unless you surrender your ADSs and withdraw the shares. However,
you may not know about the meeting enough in advance to withdraw the shares. In any event, the depositary will not exercise
any discretion in voting deposited securities and it will only vote or attempt to vote as instructed. We cannot assure you that you will receive
the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your shares. In addition, the depositary and
its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting instructions.
This means that you may not be able to exercise voting rights and there may be nothing you can do if your shares are not voted
as you requested. In order to give you a reasonable opportunity
to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of voting rights relating to deposited securities, if we request the depositary
to act, we agree to give the depositary notice of any such meeting and details concerning the matters to be voted upon at least
30 days in advance of the meeting date. Fees and Expenses Persons depositing or withdrawing shares or ADS holders must pay: | For:
$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion of 100 ADSs). | Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of shares or rights or other property. Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates.
$.05 (or less) per ADS. | Any cash distribution to ADS holders.
A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if securities distributed to you had been shares and the shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs. | Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities (including rights) that are distributed by the depositary to ADS holders.
$.05 (or less) per ADS per calendar year. | Depositary services.
Registration or transfer fees. | Transfer and registration of shares on our share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when you deposit or withdraw shares.
Expenses of the depositary. | Cable and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement). Converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars.
Taxes and other governmental charges the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADSs or shares underlying ADSs, such as stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes. | As necessary.
Any charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities. | As necessary. 21 The depositary collects its fees for delivery
and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries
acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from the amounts distributed
or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for depositary services
by deduction from cash distributions or by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts of participants
acting for them. The depositary may collect any of its fees by deduction from any cash distribution payable (or by selling a portion
of securities or other property distributable) to ADS holders that are obligated to pay those fees. The depositary may generally
refuse to provide fee-attracting services until its fees for those services are paid. From time to time, the depositary may make
payments to us to reimburse us for costs and expenses generally arising out of establishment and maintenance of the ADS program,
waive fees and expenses for services provided to us by the depositary or share revenue from the fees collected from ADS holders.
In performing its duties under the deposit agreement, the depositary may use brokers, dealers, foreign currency dealers or other
service providers that are owned by or affiliated with the depositary and that may earn or share fees, spreads or commissions. The depositary may convert currency itself
or through any of its affiliates and, in those cases, acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker
or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and earns revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads, that it will
retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to
the currency conversion made under the deposit agreement and the rate that the depositary or its affiliate receives when buying
or selling foreign currency for its own account. The depositary makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained
in any currency conversion under the deposit agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or that
the method by which that rate will be determined will be the most favorable to ADS holders, subject to the depositary’s
obligations under the deposit agreement. The methodology used to determine exchange rates used in currency conversions is available
upon request. Payment of Taxes You will be responsible for any taxes or
other governmental charges payable on your ADSs or on the deposited securities represented by any of your ADSs. The depositary
may refuse to register any transfer of your ADSs or allow you to withdraw the deposited securities represented by your ADSs until
those taxes or other charges are paid. It may apply payments owed to you or sell deposited securities represented by your ADSs
to pay any taxes owed and you will remain liable for any deficiency. If the depositary sells deposited securities, it will, if
appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale and pay to ADS holders any proceeds, or send to ADS holders any property,
remaining after it has paid the taxes. Tender and Exchange Offers; Redemption, Replacement or Cancellation
of Deposited Securities The depositary will not tender deposited
securities in any voluntary tender or exchange offer unless instructed to do by an ADS holder surrendering ADSs and subject to
any conditions or procedures the depositary may establish. If deposited securities are redeemed for
cash in a transaction that is mandatory for the depositary as a holder of deposited securities, the depositary will call for surrender
of a corresponding number of ADSs and distribute the net redemption money to the holders of called ADSs upon surrender of those
ADSs. 22 If there is any change in the deposited
securities such as a subdivision, combination or other reclassification, or any merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization
affecting the issuer of deposited securities in which the depositary receives new securities in exchange for or in lieu of the
old deposited securities, the depositary will hold those replacement securities as deposited securities under the deposit agreement.
However, if the depositary decides it would not be lawful and practical to hold the replacement securities because those securities
could not be distributed to ADS holders or for any other reason, the depositary may instead sell the replacement securities and
distribute the net proceeds upon surrender of the ADSs. If there is a replacement of the deposited
securities and the depositary will continue to hold the replacement securities, the depositary may distribute new ADSs representing
the new deposited securities or ask you to surrender your outstanding ADRs in exchange for new ADRs identifying the new deposited
securities. If there are no deposited securities underlying
ADSs, including if the deposited securities are cancelled, or if the deposited securities underlying ADSs have become apparently
worthless, the depositary may call for surrender or of those ADSs or cancel those ADSs upon notice to the ADS holders. Amendment and Termination How may the deposit agreement be amended? We may agree with the depositary to amend
the deposit agreement and the ADRs without your consent for any reason. If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges, except
for taxes and other governmental charges or expenses of the depositary for registration fees, facsimile costs, delivery charges
or similar items, or prejudices a substantial right of ADS holders, it will not become effective for outstanding ADSs until 30
days after the depositary notifies ADS holders of the amendment. At the time an amendment becomes effective, you are considered,
by continuing to hold your ADSs, to agree to the amendment and to be bound by the ADRs and the deposit agreement as amended . How may the deposit agreement be terminated? The depositary will initiate termination
of the deposit agreement if we instruct it to do so. The depositary may initiate termination of the deposit agreement if: ● | 60 days have passed since the depositary told us it wants to resign but a successor depositary has not been appointed and accepted its appointment;
● | we delist our shares from an exchange on which they were listed and do not list the shares on another exchange;
● | we appear to be insolvent or enter insolvency proceedings;
● | all or substantially all the value of the deposited securities has been distributed either in cash or in the form of securities;
● | there are no deposited securities underlying the ADSs or the underlying deposited securities have become apparently worthless; or
● | there has been a replacement of deposited securities. If the deposit agreement will terminate,
the depositary will notify ADS holders at least 90 days before the termination date. At any time after the termination date, the
depositary may sell the deposited securities. After that, the depositary will hold the money it received on the sale, as well
as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement, unsegregated and without liability for interest, for the pro rata
benefit of the ADS holders that have not surrendered their ADSs. Normally, the depositary will sell as soon as practicable after
the termination date. 23 After the termination date and before the
depositary sells, ADS holders can still surrender their ADSs and receive delivery of deposited securities, except that the depositary
may refuse to accept a surrender for the purpose of withdrawing deposited securities or reverse previously accepted surrenders
of that kind if it would interfere with the selling process. The depositary may refuse to accept a surrender for the purpose of
withdrawing sale proceeds until all the deposited securities have been sold. The depositary will continue to collect distributions
on deposited securities, but, after the termination date, the depositary is not required to register any transfer of ADSs or distribute
any dividends or other distributions on deposited securities to the ADSs holder (until they surrender their ADSs) or give any
notices or perform any other duties under the deposit agreement except as described in this paragraph. Limitations on Obligations and Liability Limits on our Obligations and the Obligations of the
Depositary; Limits on Liability to Holders of ADSs The deposit agreement expressly limits our
obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits our liability and the liability of the depositary. We and the
depositary: ● | are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement without negligence or bad faith and the depository will not be a fiduciary or have any fiduciary duty to holders of ADSs;
● | are not liable if we are or it is prevented or delayed by law or circumstances beyond our control from performing our or its obligations under the deposit agreement;
● | are not liable if we or it exercises discretion permitted under the deposit agreement;
● | are not liable for the inability of any holder of ADSs to benefit from any distribution on deposited securities that is not made available to holders of ADSs under the terms of the deposit agreement, or for any special, consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement;
● | have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or other proceeding related to the ADSs or the deposit agreement on your behalf or on behalf of any other person;
● | are not liable for the acts or omissions of any securities depository, clearing agency or settlement system;
● | may rely upon any documents we believe or it believes in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person; and
● | the depositary has no duty to make any determination or provide any information as to our tax status, or any liability for any tax consequences that may be incurred by ADS holders as a result of owning or holding ADSs or be liable for the inability or failure of an ADS holder to obtain the benefit of a foreign tax credit, reduced rate of withholding or refund of amounts withheld in respect of tax or any other tax benefit. In the deposit agreement, we and the depositary
agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances. Requirements for Depositary Actions Before the depositary will deliver or register
a transfer of ADSs, make a distribution on ADSs, or permit withdrawal of shares, the depositary may require: ● | payment of stock transfer or other taxes or other governmental charges and transfer or registration fees charged by third parties for the transfer of any shares or other deposited securities;
● | satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it deems necessary; and
● | compliance with regulations it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement, including presentation of transfer documents. 24 The depositary may refuse to deliver ADSs
or register transfers of ADSs when the transfer books of the depositary or our transfer books are closed or at any time if the
depositary or we think it advisable to do so. Your Right to Receive the Shares Underlying your ADSs ADS holders have the right to cancel their
ADSs and withdraw the underlying shares at any time except: ● | when temporary delays arise because: (1) the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books; (2) the transfer of shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders’ meeting; or (3) we are paying a dividend on our shares;
● | when you owe money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges; or
● | when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of shares or other deposited securities. This right of withdrawal may not be limited
by any other provision of the deposit agreement. Pre-release of ADSs The deposit agreement permits the depositary
to deliver ADSs before deposit of the underlying shares. This is called a pre-release of the ADSs. The depositary may also deliver
shares upon cancellation of pre-released ADSs (even if the ADSs are canceled before the pre-release transaction has been closed
out). A pre-release is closed out as soon as the underlying shares are delivered to the depositary. The depositary may receive
ADSs instead of shares to close out a pre-release. The depositary may pre-release ADSs only under the following conditions: (1)
before or at the time of the pre-release, the person to whom the pre-release is being made represents to the depositary in writing
that it or its customer owns the shares or ADSs to be deposited; (2) the pre-release is fully collateralized with cash or other
collateral that the depositary considers appropriate; and (3) the depositary must be able to close out the pre-release on not
more than five business days’ notice. In addition, the depositary will limit the number of ADSs that may be outstanding
at any time as a result of pre-release, although the depositary may disregard the limit from time to time, if it thinks it is
appropriate to do so. Direct Registration System In the deposit agreement, all parties to
the deposit agreement acknowledge that the Direct Registration System, also referred to as DRS, and Profile Modification System,
also referred to as Profile, will apply to the ADSs. DRS is a system administered by DTC that facilitates interchange between
registered holding of uncertificated ADSs and holding of security entitlements in ADSs through DTC and a DTC participant. Profile
is a feature of DRS that allows a DTC participant, claiming to act on behalf of a registered holder of uncertificated ADSs, to
direct the depositary to register a transfer of those ADSs to DTC or its nominee and to deliver those ADSs to the DTC account
of that DTC participant without receipt by the depositary of prior authorization from the ADS holder to register that transfer. In connection with and in accordance with
the arrangements and procedures relating to DRS/Profile, the parties to the deposit agreement understand that the depositary will
not determine whether the DTC participant that is claiming to be acting on behalf of an ADS holder in requesting registration
of transfer and delivery described in the paragraph above has the actual authority to act on behalf of the ADS holder (notwithstanding
any requirements under the Uniform Commercial Code). In the deposit agreement, the parties agree that the depositary’s reliance
on and compliance with instructions received by the depositary through the DRS/Profile System and in accordance with the deposit
agreement will not constitute negligence or bad faith on the part of the depositary. 25 Shareholder communications; inspection of register of holders
of ADSs The depositary will make available for your
inspection at its office all communications that it receives from us as a holder of deposited securities that we make generally
available to holders of deposited securities. The depositary will send you copies of those communications or otherwise make those
communications available to you if we ask it to. You have a right to inspect the register of holders of ADSs, but not for the
purpose of contacting those holders about a matter unrelated to our business or the ADSs. Jury Trial Waiver The deposit agreement provides that, to
the extent permitted by law, ADS holders waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary
arising out of or relating to our shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including any claim under the U.S. federal securities
laws. If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was
enforceable in the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance with applicable case law. 26 UNDERWRITING ThinkEquity, a division of Fordham Financial
Management, Inc., is acting as the representative of the underwriters of the offering. We have entered into an underwriting agreement
dated , 2020 with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the
underwriting agreement, we have agreed to sell to each underwriter named below, and each underwriter named below has severally
agreed to purchase, at the public offering price less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this prospectus
supplement, the number of ADSs listed next to its name in the following table: Underwriter | Number of ADSs
ThinkEquity, a division of Fordham Financial Management, Inc.
Total The underwriters are committed to purchase
all the ADSs offered by the Company, other than those covered by the over-allotment option to purchase additional ADSs described
below. The obligations of the underwriters may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the underwriting
agreement. Furthermore, the underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to pay for and accept delivery
of the ADSs offered by us in this prospectus supplement are subject to various representations and warranties and other customary
conditions specified in the underwriting agreement, such as receipt by the underwriters of officers’ certificates and legal
opinions. We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters
against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments the underwriters
may be required to make in respect thereof. The underwriters are offering the ADSs
subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of legal matters by their counsel and
other conditions specified in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers
to the public and to reject orders in whole or in part. We have granted the underwriters an over-allotment
option. This option, which is exercisable for up to 45 days after the date of this prospectus, permits the underwriters to purchase
up to an aggregate of additional ADSs (equal to 15% of the total number of ADSs sold in this offering) at the public offering
price per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions, solely to cover over-allotments, if any. If the underwriters exercise
this option in whole or in part, then the underwriters will be severally committed, subject to the conditions described in the
underwriting agreement, to purchase the additional ADSs in proportion to their respective commitments set forth in the prior table. Discounts, Commissions and Reimbursement The representative has advised us that
the underwriters propose to offer the ADSs to the public at the initial public offering price per share set forth on the cover
page of this prospectus. The underwriters may offer ADSs to securities dealers at that price less a concession of not more than
$ per ADS of which up to $ per
ADS may be reallowed to other dealers. After the initial offering to the public, the public offering price and other selling terms
may be changed by the representative. The following table summarizes the underwriting
discounts and commissions and proceeds, before expenses, to us assuming both no exercise and full exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option: Total
Per ADS | Without Option | With Option
Public offering price | $ | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions (7%) | $ | $ | $
Proceeds, before expenses, to us | $ | $ | $ 27 We have agreed to pay an expense deposit
of $25,000 to (or on behalf of) the representative, which will be applied against the actual out-of-pocket accountable expenses
that will be paid by us to the underwriters in connection with this offering, and will be reimbursed to us to the extent not incurred. In addition, we have also agreed to pay
the following expenses of the underwriters relating to the offering: (a) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background
checks of our officers and directors in an amount not to exceed $10,000 in the aggregate; (b) all filing fees and communication
expenses associated with the review of this offering by FINRA; (c) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration,
qualification or exemption of the securities offered under the securities laws of foreign jurisdictions designated by the underwriter,
including the reasonable fees and expenses of the underwriter’s blue sky counsel; (d) $15,000 for the underwriters’
use of Ipreo’s book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for this offering; (e) the fees and expenses of
the representatives’ legal counsel incurred in connection with this offering in an amount up to $75,000; and (f) up to $10,000
of the representative’s actual accountable road show expenses for the offering. We estimate the expenses of this offering
payable by us, not including underwriting discounts and commissions, will be approximately $ 
. Representative Warrants Upon the closing of this offering, we have
agreed to issue to the representative as compensation the Representative’s Warrants, to purchase a number of ADSs equal
to 5% of the total number of ADSs sold in this public offering. The Representative’s Warrants will be exercisable at a per
share exercise price equal to 125% of the public offering price per ADS sold in this offering. The Representative’s Warrants
are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the three and one-half year period commencing six
months from the deemed effective date of the registration statement related to this offering. The Representative’s Warrants and
the ADSs underlying the Representative’s Warrants have been deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
or FINRA, and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA. The representative, or permitted
assignees under such rule, may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or hypothecate the Representative’s Warrants or the securities
underlying the Representative’s Warrants, nor will the representative engage in any hedging, short sale, derivative, put,
or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the Representative’s Warrants or the underlying
ADSs for a period of 180 days from the deemed effective date of the registration statement. Additionally, the Representative’s
Warrants may not be sold transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a 180-day period following the deemed effective date
of the registration statement except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide
officers or partners. The Representative’s Warrants will provide for adjustment in the number and price of the Representative’s
Warrants and the ADSs underlying such Representative’s Warrants in the event of recapitalization, merger, stock split or
other structural transaction, or a future financing undertaken by us. Right of First Refusal We have agreed to grant the representative,
for the four month period following the effective date of the registration statement related to this offering, an irrevocable
right of first refusal to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent in the United States, at
the representative sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offerings for the Company in
the United States, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company, including all equity linked financings, on terms customary
to the representative. The representative shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any other broker-dealer shall
have the right to participate in any such offering and the economic terms of any such participation. The representative will not
have more than one opportunity to waive or terminate the right of first refusal in consideration of any payment or fee. 28 Lock-Up Agreements The Company and each of its directors and
officers have agreed for a period of (i) three months after the date of this prospectus supplement in the case of directors and
officers and (ii) one month after the date of this prospectus supplement in the case of the Company, subject to certain exceptions,
without the prior written consent of the representative, not to directly or indirectly: ● | issue (in the case of us), offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of any ADSs. Ordinary Shares or other capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our Ordinary Shares or other capital stock; or ● | in the case of us, file or cause the filing of any registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any ADSs, Ordinary Shares or other capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our Ordinary Shares or other capital stock; or ● | complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit, term loan arrangement or other debt instrument with a traditional bank; or ● | enter into any swap or other agreement, arrangement, hedge or transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the ADSs, Ordinary Shares or other capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares or ADSs, or other capital stock, whether any transaction described in any of the foregoing bullet points is to be settled by delivery of ADSs or other capital stock, other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly announce an intention to do any of the foregoing. Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities A prospectus in electronic format may be
made available on the websites maintained by one or more of the underwriters or selling group members. The representative may
agree to allocate a number of securities to underwriters and selling group members for sale to its online brokerage account holders.
Internet distributions will be allocated by the underwriters and selling group members that will make internet distributions on
the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on these websites is not
part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part,
has not been approved or endorsed by us, and should not be relied upon by investors. Stabilization In connection with this offering, the underwriters
may engage in stabilizing transactions, over-allotment transactions, syndicate-covering transactions, penalty bids and purchases
to cover positions created by short sales. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to
purchase ADSs so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum, and are engaged in for the purpose of preventing
or retarding a decline in the market price of the ADSs while the offering is in progress. Over-allotment transactions involve sales
by the underwriters of ADSs in excess of the number of ADSs the underwriters are obligated to purchase. This creates a syndicate
short position which may be either a covered short position or a naked short position. In a covered short position, the number
of ADSs over-allotted by the underwriters is not greater than the number of ADSs that they may purchase in the over-allotment
option. In a naked short position, the number of ADSs involved is greater than the number of ADSs in the over-allotment option.
The underwriters may close out any short position by exercising their over-allotment option and/or purchasing ADSs in the open
market. 29 Syndicate covering transactions involve
purchases of ADSs in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. In
determining the source of ADSs to close out the short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price
of ADSs available for purchase in the open market as compared with the price at which they may purchase ADSs through exercise
of the over-allotment option. If the underwriters sell more shares than could be covered by exercise of the over-allotment option
and, therefore, have a naked short position, the position can be closed out only by buying ADSs in the open market. A naked short
position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that after pricing there could be downward pressure on
the price of the ADSs in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering. Penalty bids permit the representative
to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the ADSs originally sold by that syndicate member are purchased in
stabilizing or syndicate covering transactions to cover syndicate short positions. These stabilizing transactions, syndicate
covering transactions and penalty bids may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our ADSs or preventing
or retarding a decline in the market price of our ADSs. As a result, the price of our ADSs in the open market may be higher than
it would otherwise be in the absence of these transactions. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction
as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our ADSs. These transactions may be effected in
the over-the-counter market or otherwise and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Other Relationships Certain of the underwriters and their affiliates
may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services for us and our affiliates
for which they may in the future receive customary fees. Offer restrictions outside the United States Other than in the United States, no action
has been taken by us or the underwriters that would permit a public offering of the securities offered by this prospectus supplement
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The securities offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor may this prospectus supplement or any other offering material
or advertisements in connection with the offer and sale of any such securities be distributed or published in any jurisdiction,
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of that jurisdiction. Persons
into whose possession this prospectus supplement comes are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions
relating to the offering and the distribution of this prospectus supplement. This prospectus supplement does not constitute an
offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities offered by this prospectus supplement in any jurisdiction in
which such an offer or a solicitation is unlawful. Australia This prospectus supplement is not a disclosure
document under Chapter 6D of the Australian Corporations Act, has not been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission and does not purport to include the information required of a disclosure document under Chapter 6D of the Australian
Corporations Act. Accordingly, (i) the offer of the securities under this prospectus supplement is only made to persons to
whom it is lawful to offer the securities without disclosure under Chapter 6D of the Australian Corporations Act under one or
more exemptions set out in section 708 of the Australian Corporations Act, (ii) this prospectus is made available in Australia
only to those persons as set forth in clause (i) above, and (iii) the offeree must be sent a notice stating in substance
that by accepting this offer, the offeree represents that the offeree is such a person as set forth in clause (i) above,
and, unless permitted under the Australian Corporations Act, agrees not to sell or offer for sale within Australia any of the
securities sold to the offeree within 12 months after its transfer to the offeree under this prospectus. 30 China The information in this document does not
constitute a public offer of the securities, whether by way of sale or subscription, in the People’s Republic of China (excluding,
for purposes of this paragraph, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan). The
securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC to legal or natural persons other than directly to “qualified
domestic institutional investors.” European Economic Area—Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg
and Netherlands The information in this document has been
prepared on the basis that all offers of securities will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Directive 2003/71/EC, or the
Prospectus Directive, as implemented in Member States of the European Economic Area, or each, a Relevant Member State, from the
requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. An offer to the public of securities has
not been made, and may not be made, in a Relevant Member State except pursuant to one of the following exemptions under the Prospectus
Directive as implemented in that Relevant Member State: ● | to legal entities that are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; ● | to any legal entity that has two or more of (i) an average of at least 250 employees during its last fiscal year; (ii) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000 (as shown on its last annual unconsolidated or consolidated financial statements) and (iii) an annual net turnover of more than €50,000,000 (as shown on its last annual unconsolidated or consolidated financial statements); ● | to fewer than 100 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Company or any underwriter for any such offer; or ● | in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, provided that no such offer of securities shall result in a requirement for the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. France This document is not being distributed
in the context of a public offering of financial securities (offre au public de titres financiers) in France within the meaning
of Article L.411-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code Monétaire et Financier) and Articles 211-1
et seq. of the General Regulation of the French Autorité des marchés financiers, or AMF. The securities have not
been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. This document and any other offering material
relating to the securities have not been, and will not be, submitted to the AMF for approval in France and, accordingly, may not
be distributed or caused to distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions have
been and shall only be made in France to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account,
as defined in and in accordance with Articles L.411-2-II-2° and D.411-1 to D.411-3, D.744-1, D.754-1; and D.764-1 of the French
Monetary and Financial Code and any implementing regulation and/or (ii) a restricted number of non-qualified investors (cercle
restreint d’investisseurs) acting for their own account, as defined in and in accordance with Articles L.411-2-II-2°
and D.411-4, D.744-1, D.754-1; and D.764-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and any implementing regulation. Pursuant to Article 211-3 of the General
Regulation of the AMF, investors in France are informed that the securities cannot be distributed (directly or indirectly) to
the public by the investors otherwise than in accordance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 to L.621-8-3 of the
French Monetary and Financial Code. 31 Ireland The information in this document does not
constitute a prospectus under any Irish laws or regulations and this document has not been filed with or approved by any Irish
regulatory authority as the information has not been prepared in the context of a public offering of securities in Ireland within
the meaning of the Irish Prospectus (Directive 2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005, or the Prospectus Regulations. The securities have
not been offered or sold, and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Ireland by way of a public offering,
except to (i) qualified investors as defined in Regulation 2(l) of the Prospectus Regulations and (ii) fewer than 100
natural or legal persons who are not qualified investors. Israel The securities offered by this prospectus
supplement has not been approved or disapproved by the Israeli Securities Authority, or ISA, nor have such securities been registered
for sale in Israel. The shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Israel, absent the publication
of a prospectus. The ISA has not issued permits, approvals or licenses in connection with the offering or publishing the prospectus;
nor has it authenticated the details included herein, confirmed their reliability or completeness, or rendered an opinion as to
the quality of the securities being offered. Any resale in Israel, directly or indirectly, to the public of the securities offered
by this prospectus supplement is subject to restrictions on transferability and must be effected only in compliance with the Israeli
securities laws and regulations. Italy The offering of the securities in the Republic
of Italy has not been authorized by the Italian Securities and Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Societ—$$—Aga
e la Borsa, “CONSOB” pursuant to the Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no offering material relating
to the securities may be distributed in Italy and such securities may not be offered or sold in Italy in a public offer within
the meaning of Article 1.1(t) of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, or Decree No. 58, other than: ● | to Italian qualified investors, as defined in Article 100 of Decree no.58 by reference to Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, or Regulation no. 1197l as amended, or Qualified Investors; and ● | in other circumstances that are exempt from the rules on public offer pursuant to Article 100 of Decree No. 58 and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 as amended. Any offer, sale or delivery of the securities
or distribution of any offer document relating to the securities in Italy (excluding placements where a Qualified Investor solicits
an offer from the issuer) under the paragraphs above must be: ● | made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (as amended), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007 and any other applicable laws; and ● | in compliance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange controls and any other applicable laws. Any subsequent distribution of the securities
in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and prospectus requirement rules provided under Decree No. 58 and
the Regulation No. 11971 as amended, unless an exception from those rules applies. Failure to comply with such rules may
result in the sale of such securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the entity transferring the securities
for any damages suffered by the investors. 32 Japan The securities have not been and will not
be registered under Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948), as
amended, or the FIEL, pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements applicable to a private placement of securities
to Qualified Institutional Investors (as defined in and in accordance with Article 2, paragraph 3 of the FIEL and the regulations
promulgated thereunder). Accordingly, the securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for
the benefit of, any resident of Japan other than Qualified Institutional Investors. Any Qualified Institutional Investor who acquires
securities may not resell them to any person in Japan that is not a Qualified Institutional Investor, and acquisition by any such
person of securities is conditional upon the execution of an agreement to that effect. Portugal This document is not being distributed
in the context of a public offer of financial securities (oferta pública de valores mobiliários) in Portugal, within
the meaning of Article 109 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). The securities have
not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Portugal. This document and
any other offering material relating to the securities have not been, and will not be, submitted to the Portuguese Securities
Market Commission (Comissăo do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) for approval in Portugal and, accordingly, may not
be distributed or caused to distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in Portugal, other than under circumstances that
are deemed not to qualify as a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code. Such offers, sales and distributions of securities
in Portugal are limited to persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the Portuguese Securities Code). Only
such investors may receive this document and they may not distribute it or the information contained in it to any other person. Sweden This document has not been, and will not
be, registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this document
may not be made available, nor may the securities be offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances that are deemed
not to require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella
instrument). Any offering of securities in Sweden is limited to persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined
in the Financial Instruments Trading Act). Only such investors may receive this document and they may not distribute it or the
information contained in it to any other person. Switzerland The securities may not be publicly offered
in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, or SIX or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility
in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art.
652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the
SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this
document nor any other offering material relating to the securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available
in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering
material relating to the securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular,
this document will not be filed with, and the offer of securities will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority (FINMA). This document is personal to the recipient
only and not for general circulation in Switzerland. United Kingdom Neither the information in this document
nor any other document relating to the offer has been delivered for approval to the Financial Services Authority in the United
Kingdom and no prospectus (within the meaning of section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, or FSMA,
has been published or is intended to be published in respect of the securities. This document is issued on a confidential basis
to “qualified investors” (within the meaning of section 86(7) of FSMA) in the United Kingdom, and the securities may
not be offered or sold in the United Kingdom by means of this document, any accompanying letter or any other document, except
in circumstances which do not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to section 86(1) FSMA. This document should not
be distributed, published or reproduced, in whole or in part, nor may its contents be disclosed by recipients to any other person
in the United Kingdom. 33 Any invitation or inducement to engage
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of FSMA) received in connection with the issue or sale of the securities
has only been communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be communicated in the United
Kingdom in circumstances in which section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Company. In the United Kingdom, this document is
being distributed only to, and is directed at, persons (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments
falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions)
Order 2005, or the FPO, (ii) who fall within the categories of persons referred to in Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the FPO or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated (together
“relevant persons”). The investments to which this document relates are available only to, and any invitation, offer
or agreement to purchase will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act
or rely on this document or any of its contents. Canada The securities may be sold in Canada only
to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument
31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the securities must be made
in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities
laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission
or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission
or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument
33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI33-105
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 34 EXPENSES Set forth below is an itemization of the
total expenses, excluding underwriting discounts, expected to be incurred in connection with the offer and sale of the ADSs by
us. With the exception of the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee, all amounts are estimates: SEC registration fee | $ | 1,744.60
FINRA filing fee | $ | 2,516.09
Transfer agent / depositary bank fees and expenses | $
Printer fees and engraving expenses | $
Legal fees and expenses | $
Accounting fees and expenses | $
Miscellaneous | $
Total | $ LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters concerning this offering
will be passed upon for us by Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer and Sullivan & Worcester LLP, New York, New York. Certain legal matters
with respect to the legality of the issuance of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Zysman,
Aharoni, Gayer & Co., Tel-Aviv, Israel. Certain legal matters related to the offering will be passed upon for the underwriter
by Loeb & Loeb LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of
Nano Dimension Ltd. as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2019,
have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the report of Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International,
independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts
in accounting and auditing. The audit report covering the December 31,
2019 consolidated financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph that states that the Company’s recurring losses
from operations and lack of sufficient resources raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going
concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of that uncertainty.
The audit report refers to a change in method of accounting for leases. ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES We are incorporated under the laws of the
State of Israel. Service of process upon us and upon our directors and officers and the Israeli experts named in the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, a substantial majority of whom reside outside of the United States, may be difficult
to obtain within the United States. Furthermore, because substantially all of our assets and a substantial of our directors and
officers are located outside of the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against us or any of our directors
and officers may not be collectible within the United States. We have been informed by our legal counsel
in Israel, Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer & Co., that it may be difficult to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions
instituted in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws because Israel is
not the most appropriate forum to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine
that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable
U.S. law must be proved as a fact which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be
governed by Israeli law. 35 Subject to specified time limitations and
legal procedures, Israeli courts may enforce a United States judgment in a civil matter which, subject to certain exceptions,
is non-appealable, including judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
including a monetary or compensatory judgment in a non-civil matter, provided that among other things: ● | the judgment is obtained after due process before a court of competent jurisdiction, according to the laws of the state in which the judgment is given and the rules of private international law currently prevailing in Israel; ● | the judgment is final and is not subject to any right of appeal; ● | the prevailing law of the foreign state in which the judgment was rendered allows for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts; ● | adequate service of process has been effected and the defendant has had a reasonable opportunity to be heard and to present his or her evidence; ● | the liabilities under the judgment are enforceable according to the laws of the State of Israel and the judgment and the enforcement of the civil liabilities set forth in the judgment is not contrary to the law or public policy in Israel nor likely to impair the security or sovereignty of Israel; ● | the judgment was not obtained by fraud and does not conflict with any other valid judgments in the same matter between the same parties; ● | an action between the same parties in the same matter is not pending in any Israeli court at the time the lawsuit is instituted in the foreign court; and ● | the judgment is enforceable according to the law of the foreign state in which the relief was granted. If a foreign judgment is enforced by an
Israeli court, it generally will be payable in Israeli currency, which can then be converted into non-Israeli currency and transferred
out of Israel. The usual practice in an action before an Israeli court to recover an amount in a non-Israeli currency is for the
Israeli court to issue a judgment for the equivalent amount in Israeli currency at the rate of exchange in force on the date of
the judgment, but the judgment debtor may make payment in foreign currency. Pending collection, the amount of the judgment of
an Israeli court stated in Israeli currency ordinarily will be linked to the Israeli consumer price index plus interest at the
annual statutory rate set by Israeli regulations prevailing at the time. Judgment creditors must bear the risk of unfavorable
exchange rates. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration
statement on Form F-1 under the Securities Act relating to this offering. This prospectus does not contain all of the information
contained in the registration statement. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow us to omit certain information from this prospectus
that is included in the registration statement. Statements made in this prospectus concerning the contents of any contract, agreement
or other document are summaries of all material information about the documents summarized, but are not complete descriptions
of all terms of these documents. If we filed any of these documents as an exhibit to the registration statement, you may read
the document itself for a complete description of its terms. The SEC maintains an Internet website that
contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available
to the public through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. 36 We are subject to the information reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act that are applicable to foreign private issuers, and under those requirements are filing reports
with the SEC. Those other reports or other information may be inspected without charge at the locations described above. As a
foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements,
and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions
contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to file annual, quarterly
and current reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as United States companies whose securities
are registered under the Exchange Act. However, we will file with the SEC, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year,
or such applicable time as required by the SEC, an annual report on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent
registered public accounting firm, and will submit to the SEC, on Form 6-K, unaudited quarterly financial information. We maintain a corporate website at www.nano-di.com .
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus. We have
included our website address in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference. We will post on our website any materials
required to be so posted on such website under applicable corporate or securities laws and regulations, including, posting any
XBRL interactive financial data required to be filed with the SEC and any notices of general meetings of our shareholders. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference
information into this document. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this document, except for
any information superseded by information that is included directly in this prospectus or incorporated by reference subsequent
to the date of this prospectus. We incorporate by reference the following
documents or information that we have filed with the SEC: ● | the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020; ● | the Company’s Report(s) on Form 6-K filed on March 11, 2020; and ● | the description of the Company’s Ordinary Shares and ADSs contained in the Company’s registration statement on Form 20-F filed pursuant to the Exchange Act on October 20, 2015 (File No. 001-37600), including any amendment or report filed which updates such description. We will provide you without charge, upon
your written or oral request, a copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, other than exhibits
to such documents which are not specifically incorporated by reference into such documents. Please direct your written or telephone
requests to us at Nano Dimension Ltd., 2 Ilan Ramon St., Ness Ziona 7403635, Israel Attention: Yael Sandler, Chief Financial Officer,
telephone number: +972-73-7509142. 37 American
Depositary Shares Representing
Ordinary Shares Nano Dimension Ltd. PROSPECTUS ThinkEquity a division of Fordham Financial Management,
Inc. ,
2020 Through and including ,
2020 (the 25th day after the date of this offering), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not
participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer’s obligation
to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to their unsold allotment or subscription. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 6. Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees Indemnification The Israeli Companies Law 5759-2999, or
the Companies Law, and the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968, or the Securities Law, provide that a company may indemnify an office
holder against the following liabilities and expenses incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder, either pursuant
to an undertaking made in advance of an event or following an event, provided its articles of association include a provision
authorizing such indemnification: ● | a financial liability imposed on him or her in favor of another person by any judgment concerning an act performed in his or her capacity as an office holder, including a settlement or arbitrator’s award approved by a court;
● | reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, expended by the office holder (a) as a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, provided that (1) no indictment (as defined in the Companies Law) was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (2) no financial liability as a substitute for the criminal proceeding (as defined in the Companies Law) was imposed upon him or her as a result of such investigation or proceeding, or, if such financial liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; or (b) in connection with a monetary sanction;
● | reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, expended by the office holder or imposed on him or her by a court,: (1) in proceedings that the company institutes, or that another person institutes on the company’s behalf, against him or her; (2) in a criminal proceedings of which he or she was acquitted; or (3) as a result of a conviction for a crime that does not require proof of criminal intent; and
● | expenses incurred by an office holder in connection with an Administrative Procedure under the Securities Law, including reasonable litigation expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees. An “Administrative Procedure” is defined as a procedure pursuant to chapters H3 (Monetary Sanction by the Israeli Securities Authority), H4 (Administrative Enforcement Procedures of the Administrative Enforcement Committee) or I1 (Arrangement to prevent Procedures or Interruption of procedures subject to conditions) to the Securities Law. The Companies Law also permits a company
to undertake in advance to indemnify an office holder, provided that if such indemnification relates to financial liability imposed
on him or her, as described above, then the undertaking should be limited and shall detail the following foreseen events and amount
or criterion: ● | to events that in the opinion of the board of directors can be foreseen based on the company’s activities at the time that the undertaking to indemnify is made; and
● | in amount or criterion determined by the board of directors, at the time of the giving of such undertaking to indemnify, to be reasonable under the circumstances. We have entered into indemnification agreements
with all of our directors and with all members of our senior management. Each such indemnification agreement provides the office
holder with indemnification permitted under applicable law and up to a certain amount, and to the extent that these liabilities
are not covered by directors and officers insurance. II- 1 Exculpation Under the Companies Law, an Israeli company
may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of his or her duty of loyalty, but may exculpate in advance an
office holder from his or her liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company as a result of
a breach of his or her duty of care (other than in relation to distributions), but only if a provision authorizing such exculpation
is included in its articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association provide that we may exculpate, in
whole or in part, any office holder from liability to us for damages caused to the company as a result of a breach of his or her
duty of care, but prohibit an exculpation from liability arising from a company’s transaction in which our controlling shareholder
or officer has a personal interest. Subject to the aforesaid limitations, under the indemnification agreements, we exculpate and
release our office holders from any and all liability to us related to any breach by them of their duty of care to us to the fullest
extent permitted by law. Limitations The Companies Law provides that the Company
may not exculpate or indemnify an office holder nor enter into an insurance contract that would provide coverage for any liability
incurred as a result of any of the following: (1) a breach by the office holder of his or her duty of loyalty unless (in the case
of indemnity or insurance only, but not exculpation) the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe
that the act would not prejudice us; (2) a breach by the office holder of his or her duty of care if the breach was carried out
intentionally or recklessly (as opposed to merely negligently); (3) any act or omission committed with the intent to derive an
illegal personal benefit; or (4) any fine, monetary sanction, penalty or forfeit levied against the office holder. Under the Companies Law, exculpation, indemnification
and insurance of office holders in a public company must be approved by the compensation committee and the board of directors
and, with respect to certain office holders or under certain circumstances, also by the shareholders. Our amended and restated articles of association
permit us to exculpate (subject to the aforesaid limitation), indemnify and insure our office holders to the fullest extent permitted
or to be permitted by the Companies Law. Item 7. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Set forth below are the sales of all securities
by the Company since March 1, 2017, which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act. We believe that each of such issuances was exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, Rule 701 and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act. In March and May 2017, we issued 50,000
Ordinary Shares to a consultant. In May and June 2017, we issued an aggregate
of 11,552,809 Ordinary Shares pursuant to private placements, at a price of NIS 4.20 (approximately $1.17) per share. In February 2020, we issued warrants to
purchase 6,470,795 ADSs to an underwriter in connection with an underwritten public offering. The warrants are exercisable commencing
180 days after issuance and expire on the three and one-half year anniversary thereof, with an exercise price per ADS of $1.875. II- 2 Item 8. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Exhibits: Exhibit | Description
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement by and among the Company and the underwriter named therein.
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Nano Dimension Ltd., filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.1 | Amended and Restated Form of Depositary Agreement among Nano Dimension Ltd., The Bank of New York Mellon as Depositary, and owners and holders from time to time of ADSs issued thereunder, including the Form of American Depositary Shares, filed as Exhibit 1 to the Form F-6 (File No. 333-230728) filed on April 5, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
4.2** | Form of Underwriter’s Warrant (included in Exhibit 1.1)
5.1** | Opinion of Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer & Co.
10.1^ | Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated April 2, 2015, by and between the Company and Yissum Research Development Company of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ltd., filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 20-F/A filed on February 29, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.2 | Nano Dimension Ltd. 2015 Stock Option Plan, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K filed on June 10, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.3 | Nano Dimension Ltd. Amended and Restated Compensation Policy, filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 6-K filed on November 20, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.4 | Form of Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated January 30, 2019, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form F-1 (File No. 001-228521) filed on January 30, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.5 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2019, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Form 6-K, filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.6 | Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 4, 2019, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to Form 6-K, filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.7 | Form of Warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares Represented by American Depositary Shares, dated September 4, 2019, filed as Exhibit 99.4 to Form 6-K, filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
10.8 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 30, 2019, filed as Exhibit 99.5 to Form 6-K, filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference.
21.1 | List of Subsidiaries, filed as Exhibit 8.1 to Form 20-F filed on March 15, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference.
23.1* | Consent of Somekh Chaikin (Member firm of KPMG International).
23.2** | Consent of Zysman, Aharoni, Gayer & Co (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of the Registration Statement). * | Filed herewith.
** | To be filed by amendment.
^ | Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to an order for confidential treatment. II- 3 Item 9. Undertakings (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) | To file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement to include any financial statements required by Item 8.A. of Form 20-F at the start of any delayed offering or throughout a continuous offering. (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) | If the registrant is relying on Rule 430B: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part
of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant
to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act
shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus
is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus.
As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall
be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to
which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus
that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date,
supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration
statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or II- 4 (ii) | If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (6) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to
the provisions described in Item 6 hereof, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such
director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the
opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. (c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes
that: (1) That for purposes of determining
any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration
statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1)
or (4), or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared
effective. (2) That for the purpose of determining
any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be
a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
F-1 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in
the City of Ness Ziona, State of Israel on March 16, 2020. NANO DIMENSION LTD.
By: | /s/ Yoav Stern
Yoav Stern
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned officers
and directors of Nano Dimension Ltd. hereby constitute and appoint each of Yoav Stern and Yael Sandler with full power of substitution,
each of them singly our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents to take any actions to enable the Company to comply with
the Securities Act, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the SEC, in connection with this registration statement on
Form F-1, including the power and authority to sign for us in our names in the capacities indicated below any and all further
amendments to this registration statement and any other registration statement filed pursuant to the provisions of Rule 462 under
the Securities Act. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Yoav Stern | President, Chief Executive Officer | March 16, 2020
Yoav Stern | (Principal Executive Officer) and Director
/s/ Yael Sandler | Chief Financial Officer | March 16, 2020
Yael Sandler | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Ofir Baharav | Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors | March 16, 2020
Ofir Baharav
/s/ Simon Anthony-Fried | Director | March 16, 2020
Simon Anthony-Fried
/s/ Amit Dror | Director | March 16, 2020
Amit Dror
/s/ Yaron Eitan | Director | March 16, 2020
Yaron Eitan
/s/ Roni Kleinfeld | Director | March 16, 2020
Roni Kleinfeld
/s/ Christopher Moran | Director | March 16, 2020
Christopher Moran
/s/ Nira Poran | Director | March 16, 2020
Nira Poran II- 6 SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
IN THE UNITED STATES Pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, the undersigned, Amit Dror, the duly authorized representative in the United States of Nano Dimension Ltd., has signed
this registration statement on March 16, 2020. Nano Dimension USA Inc.
/s/ Amit Dror
Amit Dror, Director II-7