6-K 1 f6k080116_nanodimensionltd.htm REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 Form
6-K Report
of Foreign Private Issuer Pursuant
to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For
the month of: August 2016 Commission
file number: 001-37600 NANO
DIMENSION LTD. (Translation
of registrant's name into English) 2
Ilan Ramon Ness
Ziona 7403635 Israel (Address
of principal executive offices) Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulations S-T Rule
101(b)(1):_____ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulations S-T Rule
101(b)(7):_____ CONTENTS The
Registrant has posted a corporate presentation to its website. A copy of the presentation is furnished with this Report of Foreign
Private Issuer on Form 6-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Forward
Looking Statements The
presentation of Nano Dimension Ltd. (the "Company") attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 contains "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws. Words such
as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks,"
"estimates" and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
For example, we are using forward-looking statements when we discuss the market potential of our products and the anticipated
timeline of anticipated sales and revenues. In addition, while we have had more than 2,500 entities join our waitlist for our
DragonFly 2020 3D Printer, we cannot guarantee that any of these entities will ultimately purchase our printer. Forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, and are based upon management's current expectations, beliefs and projections, many of which,
by their nature, are inherently uncertain. Such expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith. However, there
can be no assurance that management's expectations, beliefs and projections will be achieved and actual results may differ materially
from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting the Company, reference is made to the Company's
reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed
in the Company's annual report on Form 20-F. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. The
Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, subsequent events or circumstances,
changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information except to the extent required by applicable
securities laws. If the Company does update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that the Company
will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements. Exhibit
No. 99.1 | Corporate Presentation dated August 2016 of Nano Dimension Ltd. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Nano Dimension Ltd. (Registrant)
By | /s/ Amit Dror
Name: | Amit Dror
Chief Executive Officer Date:
August 3, 2016 3