S-3 1 d505763ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2023 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 IONQ, INC. (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-2992192
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 4505 Campus Drive College Park, MD 20740 (301) 298-7997 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Thomas Kramer Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary IonQ, Inc. 4505 Campus Drive College
Park, MD 20740 (301) 298-7997 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Katharine A. Martin Mark
R. Fitzgerald Mark G.C. Bass Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. 1700 K Street NW, Fifth Floor Washington, DC 20006 202-973-8800 From time to
time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please
check the following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or
continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D.
filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities or accept an offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting offers to
buy these securities in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion) Dated November 9, 2023 $500,000,000 IonQ, Inc. Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Depositary
Shares Subscription Rights Purchase Contracts Units From time to time, we may offer and sell up to an aggregate amount of $500,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this
prospectus, either individually or in combination, at prices and on terms described in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also offer common stock or preferred stock upon conversion of debt securities, common stock upon conversion of
preferred stock, or common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or depositary shares upon exercise of warrants. This prospectus
describes some of the general terms that may apply to an offering of our securities. We will provide the specific terms of these offerings and securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also authorize one or more free writing
prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this
prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated by reference, before buying any of the securities being offered. Our common stock and public warrants are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbols “IONQ” and
“IONQ.WS,” respectively. On November 6, 2023, the last reported sales price of our common stock was $11.21 per share and the last reported sales price of our public warrants was $3.72 per warrant. The applicable prospectus supplement will
contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on NYSE or any securities market or other exchange of the securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the
section titled “ Risk Factors ” on page 8 of this prospectus and any similar section contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection
with a specific offering, and under similar headings in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus may
not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. The securities may be sold directly by us
to investors, through agents designated from time to time or to or through underwriters or dealers, on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section titled “Plan of
Distribution” in this prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of any shares of our securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and any applicable fees,
commissions, discounts and overallotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this prospectus is , 2023. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 3
RISK FACTORS | 8
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 9
USE OF PROCEEDS | 11
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 12
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 13
DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES | 21
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 24
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS | 27
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS | 28
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 29
LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 30
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 34
LEGAL MATTERS | 37
EXPERTS | 37
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 37
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 38 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Under this shelf registration statement, we may, from time to time, offer and sell in one or more
offerings common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts and units, either individually or in combination with other securities, in one or more offerings, up to a total dollar
amount of $500,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell any type or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain more
specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related
free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus,
together with the applicable prospectus supplement, any related free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, will include all material information relating to the
applicable offering. We urge you to read carefully this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, together with the information
incorporated herein, or therein by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference,” before buying any of the securities being offered. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and
any applicable prospectus supplement, along with the information contained in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering. You must not rely upon any information or representation not contained or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. No action is being taken in any
jurisdiction outside the United States to permit a public offering of our securities or possession or distribution of this prospectus in that jurisdiction. Persons who come into possession of this prospectus in jurisdictions outside the United
States are required to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions as to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus applicable to that jurisdiction. The information appearing in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as
of the date on the front of the document and any information we have incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any applicable
prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus, or the date of any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus contains and incorporates by reference market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent
industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information.
Although we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the market and industry data presented in this prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference, these estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, including those 1 Table of Contents discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in the other
documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. This prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the
actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the section titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined herein), IonQ, Inc. changed its name to IonQ Quantum, Inc. On
September 30, 2021, IonQ Quantum, Inc., dMY Technology Group, Inc. III and Ion Trap Acquisition Inc. consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination, a
combination of IonQ Quantum, Inc. and dMY Technology Group, Inc. III was effected by the merger of Ion Trap Acquisition Inc. with and into IonQ Quantum, Inc. with IonQ Quantum, Inc. continuing as the surviving corporation. Following the consummation
of the Merger (as defined herein), dMY Technology Group, Inc. III changed its name to IonQ, Inc. Unless the context indicates otherwise,
references in this prospectus to “IonQ,” “Legacy IonQ” “we,” “us,” “our” and similar terms refer to IonQ Quantum, Inc. prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and IonQ, Inc. and its
wholly owned subsidiary IonQ Quantum, Inc. after the consummation of the Business Combination. References to “dMY” refer to dMY Technology Group, Inc. III, the predecessor company prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 2 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and
does not contain all of the information that you need to consider in making your investment decision. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, including the risks
of investing in our securities discussed under the sections titled “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar sections in the other documents
that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should also carefully read the other information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including our consolidated and condensed consolidated financial statements, and the
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. IonQ, Inc. Overview We are developing quantum
computers designed to solve some of the world’s most complex problems, and transform business, society and the planet for the better. We believe that our proprietary technology, our architecture, and the technology exclusively available to us
through license agreements will offer us advantages both in terms of research and development, as well as the commercial value of our intended product offerings. Today, we sell access to several quantum computers of various qubit capacities and are in the process of researching and developing
technologies for quantum computers with increasing computational capabilities. We currently make access to our quantum computers available via three major cloud platforms, Amazon Web Services’ (“AWS”) Amazon Braket, Microsoft’s
Azure Quantum and Google’s Cloud Marketplace, and also to select customers via our own cloud service. This cloud-based approach enables the broad availability of quantum-computing-as-a-service (“QCaaS”). We supplement our QCaaS offering with
professional services focused on assisting our customers in applying quantum computing to their businesses. We also expect to sell full quantum computing systems to customers, either over the cloud or for local access. We are still in the early stages of commercial growth. Since our inception we have incurred significant operating losses. Our ability to
generate revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and further commercialization of our quantum computing systems. As of September 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of
$310.2 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future as we prioritize reaching the technical milestones necessary to achieve an increasingly higher number of stable qubits and higher levels of fidelity
than presently exists—prerequisites for quantum computing to reach broad quantum advantage. Corporate Information IonQ, formerly known as dMY Technology Group, Inc. III (“dMY”) was incorporated in the state of Delaware in September 2020 and formed
as a special purpose acquisition company. Our wholly owned subsidiary, IonQ Quantum, Inc. (formerly known as IonQ, Inc., and referred to as “Legacy IonQ” herein), was incorporated in the state of Delaware in September 2015. On March 7, 2021, Legacy IonQ entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), with dMY and Ion Trap
Acquisition Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of dMY (the “Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on September 30, 2021, the Merger Sub was merged with and into Legacy 3 Table of Contents IonQ with Legacy IonQ continuing as the surviving corporation following the Merger, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of dMY and the separate corporate existence of the Merger Sub ceased (the
“Business Combination”). Commensurate with the closing of the Business Combination, dMY changed its name to IonQ, Inc. and Legacy IonQ changed its name to IonQ Quantum, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 4505 Campus Drive, College Park, MD 20740, and our telephone number is (301) 298-7997. Our corporate website address is www.ionq.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an
inactive textual reference only. The Securities We May Offer We may offer shares of our common stock and preferred stock, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such
securities, depositary shares, subscription rights, and purchase contracts, as well as units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus, either individually or in combination with other securities,
up to a total dollar amount of $500,000,000, from time to time under this prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at
the time of any offering. We may also offer common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or depositary shares upon the exercise of warrants. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer
a type of security or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities, including, to the extent applicable: • | designation or classification; • | aggregate principal amount or aggregate offering price; • | maturity date, if applicable; • | original issue discount, if any; • | rates and times of payment of interest or dividends, if any; • | redemption, conversion, exercise, exchange or sinking fund terms, if any; • | ranking; • | restrictive covenants, if any; • | voting or other rights, if any; • | conversion or exchange prices or rates, if any, and, if applicable, any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the conversion or exchange prices or rates and in the securities or other property receivable upon conversion or exchange; and • | material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations, if any. The applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update
or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents we have incorporated by reference. THIS PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED
TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OF SECURITIES UNLESS IT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. We may sell the securities directly to
investors or to or through agents, underwriters or dealers. We and our agents or underwriters reserve the right to accept or reject all or part of any proposed purchase of securities. If we do offer securities to or through agents or underwriters,
we will include in the applicable prospectus supplement: • | the names of those agents or underwriters; 4 Table of Contents • | applicable fees, discounts and commissions to be paid to them; • | details regarding overallotment options, if any; and • | the estimated net proceeds to us. Common Stock We may issue shares of our
common stock from time to time. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of
preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of our assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders, after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock, if any, have
been satisfied. No shares of our common stock are subject to redemption or have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common stock. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the common stock under the
heading “Description of Capital Stock—Common Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to any common stock
being offered. Preferred Stock We
may issue shares of our preferred stock from time to time, in one or more series. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors has the authority, without action by the stockholders, to designate and
issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of each class or series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
redemption privileges, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any class or series, which may be greater than the rights of the holders of the common stock. Convertible preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock
or exchangeable for other securities. Conversion may be mandatory or at your option and would be at prescribed conversion rates. If we
sell any series of preferred stock under this prospectus, we will fix the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock of each series we issue under this prospectus, as well as the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions thereof, in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC,
the form of any certificate of designation that contains the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the preferred stock under the heading “Description of
Capital Stock—Preferred Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series of preferred stock being
offered, as well as the complete certificate of designation that contains the terms of the applicable series of preferred stock. Depositary Shares We may offer depositary shares evidenced by depositary receipts, with each depositary share representing a fractional interest in a
share of a particular series of preferred stock issued and deposited with a depositary to be designated by us. Each series of depositary shares or depositary receipts offered by us will be more fully described in the particular prospectus supplement
that will accompany this prospectus, including redemption provisions, rights in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voting rights and rights to convert into common stock. 5 Table of Contents Debt Securities We may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally with any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner described in the
instrument governing the debt, to all of our senior indebtedness. Convertible or exchangeable debt securities will be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock or our other securities. Conversion or exchange may be mandatory or optional
(at our option or the holders’ option) and would be at prescribed conversion or exchange prices. The debt securities will be issued
under an indenture that we will enter into with a national banking association or other eligible party, as trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus supplement. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the debt
securities under the heading “Description of Debt Securities.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series
of debt securities being offered, as well as the complete indenture and any supplemental indentures that contain the terms of the debt securities. We have filed the form of indenture as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will be
incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. Warrants We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or depositary shares in one or more series. We may
issue warrants independently or in combination with other securities. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the warrants under the heading “Description of Warrants.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable
prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the particular series of warrants being offered, as well as the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant
certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the warrants. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of
warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, and any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. Warrants may be issued under a warrant agreement that we enter into with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant
agent, if any, in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. Subscription Rights We may offer subscription rights to purchase our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants or units
consisting of some or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be offered independently or together with any other security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the stockholder receiving the subscription rights in such
offering. Purchase Contracts We may
offer purchase contracts, including contracts obligating holders or us to purchase from the other a specific or variable number of securities at a future date or dates. 6 Table of Contents Units We may offer units comprised of one or more of the other classes of securities described in this prospectus in any combination. Each unit will
be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Use of Proceeds Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a
specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by us hereunder, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to accelerate areas of
our business to meet rising customer demand (such as manufacturing or sales and marketing) or to opportunistically acquire, license or invest in complementary products, technologies or businesses in a manner that is consistent with IonQ’s core
roadmap; however, we currently have no agreements or commitments to complete any such transaction. The expected use of net proceeds of this offering represents our current intentions based on our present plans and business conditions. We cannot
specify with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the closing of this offering. Pending these uses, we may invest the net proceeds of this offering in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing
obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. See “Use of Proceeds” in this prospectus. New York Stock Exchange Listing Our
common stock and public warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols “IONQ” and “IONQ.WS,” respectively. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on NYSE
or any other securities market or other exchange of the securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors”
contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent
filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for
use in connection with a specific offering. The risks described in these documents are not the only ones we face. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors, or risks that we currently
deem immaterial, that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future
periods. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your
investment. Please also read carefully the section below titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 8 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this prospectus or incorporated
by reference herein that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
“anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,”
“predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements concerning the following: • | our financial and business performance, including financial projections and business metrics; • | changes in our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; • | the implementation, market acceptance and success of our business model and growth strategy; • | our expectations and forecasts with respect to market opportunity and market growth; • | our ability to sell full quantum computing systems to customers, either over the cloud or for local access; • | the ability of our products and services to meet customers’ compliance and regulatory needs; • | our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and management; • | our ability to adapt to changes in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits and develop and expand our product offerings and gain market acceptance of our products, including in new geographies; • | our ability to develop and maintain our brand and reputation; • | developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; • | our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection and not infringe on the rights of others; • | our status as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”); • | the impact of global economic and political developments on our business, as well as the value of our common stock and our ability to access capital markets; • | the impact of public health crises, or geopolitical tensions, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, on our business and the actions we may take in response thereto; • | our future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; • | our ability to obtain funding for our operations and future growth; and • | our business, expansion plans and opportunities. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a 9 Table of Contents number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We discuss in greater detail many of these risks under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement, in
any free writing prospectuses we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering, and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our
estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the document containing the applicable statement. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or
developments. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement, together with the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in
connection with a specific offering completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in the foregoing documents by these cautionary
statements. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant
subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our
statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these
statements. 10 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with
a specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to accelerate areas of our business to meet rising customer demand (such as
manufacturing or sales and marketing) or to opportunistically acquire, license or invest in complementary products, technologies or businesses in a manner that is consistent with IonQ’s core roadmap; however, we currently have no agreements or
commitments to complete any such transaction. The expected use of net proceeds of this offering represents our current intentions based on our present plans and business conditions. We cannot specify with certainty all of the particular uses for the
net proceeds to be received upon the closing of this offering. Pending these uses, we may invest the net proceeds of this offering in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit
or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 11 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The description of our capital stock is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022. Exchange Listing Our common stock and public warrants are listed on NYSE under the symbols “IONQ” and “IONQ WS,” respectively. Transfer Agent and Registrar The
transfer agent for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agent’s address is One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor New York, New York 10004. 12 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any debt securities that we may offer in more detail in the
applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any debt securities offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the indenture, we also are referring to
any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue the debt securities under the
indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the indenture. The indenture will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We have filed the form of indenture as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The following summary of material
provisions of the debt securities and the indenture is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable
prospectus supplements and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. Capitalized terms used in the
summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to an indenture, we also are referring to any supplemental indentures or forms of debt securities that specify the
terms of a particular series of debt securities. General The terms of each series of debt securities will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of directors and set forth or
determined in the manner provided in a resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate or by a supplemental indenture. The particular terms of each series of debt securities will be described in a prospectus supplement
relating to such series (including any pricing supplement or term sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities under the
indenture that may be in one or more series with the same or various maturities, at par, at a premium, or at a discount. We will set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt
securities being offered the aggregate principal amount and the terms of the debt securities, including, if applicable: • | the title and ranking of the debt securities (including the terms of any subordination provisions); • | the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount) at which we will sell the debt securities, including the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that is convertible into another security or the method by which any such portion will be determined, which may be sold at a discount below their stated principal amount; • | any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities; • | the date or dates on which the principal of the securities of the series is payable; • | the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the debt securities will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; 13 Table of Contents • | the right, if any, to defer payments of interest and the maximum length of such deferral period; • | the place or places where principal of, and interest, if any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the method of such payment), where the securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and demands to us in respect of the debt securities may be delivered; • | the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, we may redeem the debt securities, in whole or in part, at our option, and the manner in which any election by us to redeem the debt securities will be evidenced; • | any obligation we have to repurchase the debt securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which securities of the series shall be repurchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; • | the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of such series into our common stock or other securities and the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be so convertible or exchangeable, including the conversion or exchange price, as applicable, or how it will be calculated and may be adjusted, any mandatory or optional (at our option or the holders’ option) conversion or exchange features, the applicable conversion or exchange period and the manner of settlement for any conversion or exchange; • | the denominations in which the debt securities will be issued, if other than denominations of $1,000, and any integral multiple thereof; • | whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of certificated debt securities or global debt securities (including the terms pertaining to the exchange of any such securities); • | the portion of principal amount of the debt securities payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity date, if other than the principal amount; • | the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of principal of, premium and interest on the debt securities will be made and, if other than that or those in which the debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to these payments will be determined; • | the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal or premium or interest, if any, on the debt securities will be determined, if these amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; • | any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities; • | any addition to, deletion of, or change in the covenants or Events of Default described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities and any change in the acceleration provisions described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • | any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to the debt securities; • | if there is more than one trustee or a different trustee, the identity of the trustee and, if not the trustee, the identity of each security registrar, paying agent or authenticating agent with respect to such debt securities; • | any other terms of the debt securities, which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of the indenture as it applies to that series, including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the securities; and 14 Table of Contents • | whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will guarantee the debt securities of that series, including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. We may offer debt securities that provide for an amount less
than their stated principal amount to be due and payable upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the federal income tax considerations and other special
considerations applicable to any of these debt securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price of
any of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign
currency unit or units, we will provide you with information on the restrictions, elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such foreign currency or currencies or
foreign currency unit or units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each debt security will be represented by either one or more global securities registered in the name of a clearing agency registered under the
Exchange Act, which we refer to as the depositary, or a nominee of the depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a global debt security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a certificate issued in definitive registered
form (we will refer to any debt security represented by a certificated security as a “certificated debt security”) as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Except as set forth in the section titled “—Global Debt
Securities and Book-Entry System,” book-entry debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form. Certificated Debt
Securities You may transfer or exchange certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this purpose in accordance with
the terms of the indenture. No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with a
transfer or exchange. You may effect the transfer of certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal of, premium and
interest on certificated debt securities only by surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee of a
new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System Each global debt security representing book-entry debt securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the depositary, and registered in
the name of the depositary or a nominee of the depositary. Covenants We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement any restrictive covenants applicable to any issue or series of debt securities. No Protection in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not contain any provisions which may provide
holders of the debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a change in control) which could adversely affect holders of debt
securities. 15 Table of Contents Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any
person, which we refer to as a successor person, unless: • | we are the surviving corporation or the successor person (if other than us) is a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indenture; and • | immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part
of its properties to us. Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any series of debt securities, any of the following: • | default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of the payment is deposited by us with the trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the 30-day period); • | default in the payment of principal of any security of that series at its maturity; • | default in the performance or breach of any other covenant or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a covenant or warranty that has been included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than that series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive written notice from the trustee, or we and the trustee receive written notice from the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in the indenture; • | certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of us; and • | any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt securities of that series that is described in the applicable prospectus supplement. No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt securities (except as
to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. The occurrence of certain Events of Default or an acceleration under the indenture may
constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will provide the
trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what
action we are taking or propose to take in respect thereof. If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of any series at the
time outstanding occurs and is continuing (except an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization as described below), then the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of (or, if the debt securities of that series are discount securities,
that portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt securities of that series. In the case of an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such specified amount) of and accrued and 16 Table of Contents unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holder of
outstanding debt securities. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the holders of a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal and interest,
if any, with respect to debt securities of that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the particular
provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture unless
the trustee receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee
with respect to the debt securities of that series. No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to institute any
proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy under the indenture, unless: • | that holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to debt securities of that series; and • | the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and offered indemnity or security satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not received from the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute the proceeding within 60 days. Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive
payment of the principal of, premium and any interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. The indenture requires us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with the
indenture. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall send to each securityholder of the securities of that
series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee may withhold notice
to the holders of debt securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good faith that withholding
notice is in the interest of the holders of those debt securities. Modification and Waiver We and the trustee may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any
debt security: • | to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; • | to comply with covenants in the indenture described in the section titled “—Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets”; 17 Table of Contents • | to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or in place of certificated securities; • | to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any series or secure debt securities of any series; • | to surrender any of our rights or powers under the indenture; • | to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of debt securities of any series; • | to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; • | to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of debt securities; • | to provide for the issuance of, and establish the form and terms and conditions of debt securities of, any series as permitted by the indenture; • | to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to the debt securities of any series and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to provide for or facilitate administration by more than one trustee; or • | to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt security then
outstanding if that amendment will: • | reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; • | reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any debt security; • | reduce the principal of, or premium on, or change the fixed maturity of any debt security, or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any series of debt securities; • | reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable upon acceleration of maturity; • | waive a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or interest on any debt security (except a rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of that series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); • | make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt security payable in currency other than that stated in the debt security; • | make any change to certain provisions of the indenture relating to, among other things, the right of holders of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of, premium and interest on those debt securities and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and to waivers or amendments; or • | waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt security. Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any
series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the
holders of all the debt securities of such series waive any past default under the indenture with respect to that series and its consequences, except a default in the payment of the 18 Table of Contents principal of, premium or any interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however, that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series
may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from the acceleration. Defeasance of Debt
Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal Defeasance The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, we may be discharged from
any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We will be so discharged upon the irrevocable deposit with the trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of
debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms,
will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal, premium and interest on
and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that we have received
from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case to the effect
that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge and
will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred. Defeasance of Certain Covenants The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, upon compliance with
certain conditions: • | we may omit to comply with the covenant described in the section titled “—Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and • | any omission to comply with those covenants will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to the debt securities of that series. We refer to this as covenant defeasance. The conditions include: • | depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal of, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities; • | such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under the indenture or any other agreement to which we are a party; • | no Default or Event of Default with respect to the applicable series of debt securities shall have occurred or is continuing on the date of such deposit; and 19 Table of Contents • | delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that we have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit and related covenant defeasance had not occurred. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or Stockholders None of our past, present or future directors, officers, employees or stockholders, as such, will have any liability for any of our obligations
under the debt securities or the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and release is
part of the consideration for the issue of the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. Governing Law The indenture and the
debt securities, including any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities)
irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated thereby. The indenture will provide that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or the transactions
contemplated thereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee and the holder of
the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will further provide
that service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any suit, action
or other proceeding brought in any such court. The indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the
laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 20 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES General We may offer depositary shares
representing a fractional interest in a share of a particular series of preferred stock. Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement, each owner of a depositary share will be entitled, in proportion to the applicable fractional interest
in a share of preferred stock represented by the depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the depositary share. Those rights include dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights. The shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to act as
depositary under a deposit agreement between us, the depositary and the holders of the depositary receipts. The depositary will be the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the depositary shares. The depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Holders of depositary receipts agree
to be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and paying certain charges. The summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this prospectus is not complete. You should refer to the form of the deposit
agreement, our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designation for the applicable series of preferred stock that are, or will be, filed with the SEC. Dividends and Other Distributions The
depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions, if any, received in respect of the preferred stock underlying the depositary shares to the record holders of depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary
shares owned by those holders on the relevant record date. The relevant record date for depositary shares will be the same date as the record date for the underlying preferred stock. If there is a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property (including securities) received by it to the record
holders of depositary shares, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt another method for the distribution, including selling the property and
distributing the net proceeds from the sale to the holders. Liquidation Preference If a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has a liquidation preference, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the liquidation preference accorded each share of the applicable series of preferred stock, as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Withdrawal of Stock Unless the related depositary shares have been previously called for redemption, upon surrender of the depositary receipts at the office of the
depositary, the holder of the depositary shares will be entitled to delivery, at the office of the depositary to or upon his or her order, of the number of whole shares of the preferred stock and any money or other property represented by the
depositary shares. If the depositary receipts delivered by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in excess of the number of depositary shares representing the number of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn, the depositary will
deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. In no event will the depositary deliver fractional shares of preferred stock upon surrender of depositary receipts. Holders of
preferred stock thus withdrawn may not thereafter deposit those shares under the deposit agreement or receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor. 21 Table of Contents Redemption of Depositary Shares Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date the number of
depositary shares representing shares of the preferred stock so redeemed, so long as we have paid in full to the depositary the redemption price of the preferred stock to be redeemed plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends on
the preferred stock to the date fixed for redemption. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the redemption price and any other amounts per share payable on the preferred stock multiplied by the fraction of a share of preferred
stock represented by one depositary share. If less than all the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any other equitable method as may be determined by the depositary. After the date fixed for redemption, depositary shares called for redemption will no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of
the holders of depositary shares will cease, except the right to receive the monies payable upon redemption and any money or other property to which the holders of the depositary shares were entitled upon redemption upon surrender to the depositary
of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Voting the Preferred Stock Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the
information contained in the notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary receipts relating to that preferred stock. The record date for the depositary receipts relating to the preferred stock will be the same date as the record date
for the preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the number of shares of preferred stock represented by that
holder’s depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as practicable, to vote the number of shares of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares in accordance with those instructions, and we will agree to take all action
that may be deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote any shares of preferred stock except to the extent that it receives specific instructions from the holders of depositary shares
representing that number of shares of preferred stock. Charges of the Depositary We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will pay
charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer, income and other taxes and governmental charges and such other
charges (including those in connection with the receipt and distribution of dividends, the sale or exercise of rights, the withdrawal of the preferred stock and the transferring, splitting or grouping of depositary receipts) as are expressly
provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges have not been paid by the holders of depositary receipts, the depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold dividends and distributions and sell the
depositary shares evidenced by the depositary receipt. Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement The form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may be amended by agreement between
us and the depositary. However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares, other than fee changes, will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of a majority of
the outstanding depositary shares. The deposit agreement may be terminated by the depositary or us only if: • | all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or • | there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock in connection with our dissolution and such distribution has been made to all the holders of depositary shares. 22 Table of Contents Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may remove the depositary at any time. Any
resignation or removal of the depositary will take effect upon our appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. The successor depositary must be appointed within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or
removal and must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United States and having the requisite combined capital and surplus as set forth in the applicable agreement. Notices The depositary will forward to
holders of depositary receipts all notices, reports and other communications, including proxy solicitation materials received from us, that are delivered to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In
addition, the depositary will make available for inspection by holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time deem advisable, any reports and communications we deliver
to the depositary as the holder of preferred stock. Limitation of Liability Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either is prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond its control in performing its
obligations. Our obligations and those of the depositary will be limited to performance in good faith of our and its duties thereunder. We and the depositary will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding in respect of any
depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, on information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of
depositary receipts or other persons believed to be competent to give such information and on documents believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 23 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplement and free writing
prospectus, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, which may consist of warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or depositary shares, or any combination of
those securities in the form of units, and may be issued in one or more series. Warrants may be offered independently or in combination with common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or depositary shares, or any combination of those securities
in the form of units, offered by any prospectus supplement. If we issue warrants as part of a unit, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify whether those warrants may be separated from the other securities in the unit prior to the
expiration date of the warrants. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable
prospectus supplement. The following description of warrants will apply to the warrants offered by this prospectus unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement for a particular series of
warrants may specify different or additional terms. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a
part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, and
any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. The following summaries of material terms and provisions of the warrants are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the form of warrant
and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any supplemental agreements applicable to a particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement
related to the particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as any related free writing prospectus, and the complete form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any
supplemental agreements, that contain the terms of the warrants. General We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants being offered, including: • | the title of such securities; • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and any warrants issued as part of a unit and the related debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or common stock will be separately transferable; • | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of such warrants which may be exercised at any one time; • | the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of any other depositaries, execution or paying agents, transfer agents, registrars or other agents; • | whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with other securities as parts of units; • | whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or global form or in any combination of these forms, although, in any case, the form of a warrant included in a unit will correspond to the form of the unit and of any security included in that unit; 24 Table of Contents • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the number of shares of preferred stock, the number of depositary shares or the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant and the price at which those shares may be purchased; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to force the exercise of the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on any securities exchange; • | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified; • | a discussion of any material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or common stock with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each security; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. Before exercising their warrants, holders of warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities
purchasable upon such exercise, including: • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the right to receive payments of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities purchasable upon exercise or to enforce covenants in the applicable indenture; or • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares, the right to receive dividends, if any, or, payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise of
Warrants Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the securities that we specify in the applicable prospectus supplement at
the exercise price that we describe in the applicable prospectus supplement. The warrants may be exercised as set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus
supplement, warrants may be exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered thereby. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised
warrants will become void. Upon receipt of payment and the warrant or warrant certificate, as applicable, properly completed and duly
executed at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office, including ours, indicated in 25 Table of Contents the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, issue and deliver the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If less than all of the warrants (or the warrants represented by such
warrant certificate) are exercised, a new warrant or a new warrant certificate, as applicable, will be issued for the remaining warrants. If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may surrender securities as
all or part of the exercise price for warrants. Governing Law Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, the warrants and any warrant agreements will be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Warrants Each warrant agent, if any, will act solely as our agent under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or
relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant. A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility in case of any default by us under the
applicable warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the holder
of any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise of, its warrants. 26 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may offer subscription rights to purchase our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants or units
consisting of some or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be offered independently or together with any other security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the stockholder receiving the subscription rights in such
offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase any
securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. The prospectus supplement relating to any subscription rights we offer, if
any, will, to the extent applicable, include specific terms relating to the offering, including some or all of the following: • | the price, if any, for the subscription rights; • | the exercise price payable for our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of these securities upon the exercise of the subscription rights; • | the number of subscription rights to be issued to each stockholder; • | the number and terms of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of these securities which may be purchased per each subscription right; • | the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable; • | any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the subscription rights; • | the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights shall expire; • | the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities or an over-allotment privilege to the extent the securities are fully subscribed; and • | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement which may be entered into by us in connection with the offering of subscription rights. The descriptions of the subscription rights in this
prospectus and in any prospectus supplement are summaries of the material provisions of the applicable subscription right agreements. These descriptions do not restate those subscription right agreements in their entirety and may not contain all the
information that you may find useful. We urge you to read the applicable subscription right agreements because they, and not the summaries, define your rights as holders of the subscription rights. For more information, please review the forms of
the relevant subscription right agreements, which will be filed with the SEC promptly after the offering of subscription rights and will be available as described in the section titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” 27 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS The following description summarizes the general features of the purchase contracts that we may offer under this prospectus. Although the
features we have summarized below will generally apply to any future purchase contracts we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any purchase contracts that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus
supplement. The specific terms of any purchase contracts may differ from the description provided below as a result of negotiations with third parties in connection with the issuance of those purchase contracts, as well as for other reasons. Because
the terms of any purchase contracts we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms we describe below, you should rely solely on information in the applicable prospectus supplement if that summary is different from the summary in
this prospectus. We will incorporate by reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part the form of any
purchase contract that we may offer under this prospectus before the sale of the related purchase contract. We urge you to read any applicable prospectus supplement related to specific purchase contracts being offered, as well as the complete
instruments that contain the terms of the securities that are subject to those purchase contracts. Certain of those instruments, or forms of those instruments, have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a
part, and supplements to those instruments or forms may be incorporated by reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part from reports we file with the SEC. We may offer purchase contracts, including contracts obligating holders to purchase from us, and for us to sell to holders, a specific or
variable number of our securities at a future date or dates. Alternatively, the purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from holders, and obligate holders to sell to us, a specific or varying number of our securities. If we offer any purchase contracts, certain terms of that series of purchase contracts will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement, including, without limitation, the following: • | the price of the securities or other property subject to the purchase contracts (which may be determined by reference to a specific formula described in the purchase contracts); • | whether the purchase contracts are issued separately, or as a part of units each consisting of a purchase contract and one or more of our other securities, including U.S. Treasury securities, securing the holder’s obligations under the purchase contract; • | any requirement for us to make periodic payments to holders or vice versa, and whether the payments are unsecured or pre-funded; • | any provisions relating to any security provided for the purchase contracts; • | whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us to purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract, and the nature and amount of each of those securities, or the method of determining those amounts; • | whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not; • | whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by delivery, or by reference or linkage to the value, performance or level of the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract; • | any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other provisions relating to the settlement of the purchase contracts; • | a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the purchase contracts; • | whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully registered or global form; and • | any other terms of the purchase contracts and any securities subject to such purchase contracts. 28 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may offer units comprising two or more securities described in this prospectus in any combination. For example, we might issue units
consisting of a combination of debt securities and warrants to purchase common stock. The following description sets forth certain general terms and provisions of the units that we may offer pursuant to this prospectus. The particular terms of the
units and the extent, if any, to which the general terms and provisions may apply to the units so offered will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit also is the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the unit will have the
rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. Units will be issued pursuant to the terms of a unit agreement, which may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately at any time or at any
time before a specified date. A copy of the forms of the unit agreement and the unit certificate relating to any particular issue of units will be filed with the SEC each time we issue units, and you should read those documents for provisions that
may be important to you. For more information on how you can obtain copies of the forms of the unit agreement and the related unit certificate, see the section titled “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” The prospectus supplement relating to any particular issuance of units will describe the terms of those units, including, to the extent
applicable, the following: • | the designation and terms of the units and the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; • | any provision for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and • | whether the units will be issued in fully registered or global form. 29 Table of Contents LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES We may issue securities in registered form or in the form of one or more global securities. We describe global securities in greater detail
below. We refer to those persons who have securities registered in their own names on the books that we or any applicable trustee, depositary or warrant agent maintain for this purpose as the “holders” of those securities. These persons
are the legal holders of the securities. We refer to those persons who, indirectly through others, own beneficial interests in securities that are not registered in their own names, as “indirect holders” of those securities. As we discuss
below, indirect holders are not legal holders, and investors in securities issued in book-entry form or in street name will be indirect holders. Book-Entry Holders We may issue
securities in book-entry form only, as we will specify in the applicable prospectus supplement. This means securities may be represented by one or more global securities registered in the name of a financial institution that holds them as depositary
on behalf of other financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system. These participating institutions, which are referred to as participants, in turn, hold beneficial interests in the securities on behalf of
themselves or their customers. Only the person in whose name a security is registered is recognized as the holder of that security.
Securities issued in global form will be registered in the name of the depositary or its participants. Consequently, for securities issued in global form, we will recognize only the depositary as the holder of the securities, and we will make all
payments on the securities to the depositary. The depositary passes along the payments it receives to its participants, which in turn pass the payments along to their customers who are the beneficial owners. The depositary and its participants do so
under agreements they have made with one another or with their customers; they are not obligated to do so under the terms of the securities. As a result, investors in a global security will not own securities directly. Instead, they will own beneficial interests in a global
security, through a bank, broker or other financial institution that participates in the depositary’s book-entry system or holds an interest through a participant. As long as the securities are issued in global form, investors will be indirect
holders, and not legal holders, of the securities. Street Name Holders We may terminate a global security or issue securities in non-global form. In these cases, investors
may choose to hold their securities in their own names or in “street name.” Securities held by an investor in street name would be registered in the name of a bank, broker or other financial institution that the investor chooses, and the
investor would hold only a beneficial interest in those securities through an account he or she maintains at that institution. For
securities held in street name, we or any applicable trustee or depositary will recognize only the intermediary banks, brokers and other financial institutions in whose names the securities are registered as the holders of those securities, and we
or any applicable trustee or depositary will make all payments on those securities to them. These institutions pass along the payments they receive to their customers who are the beneficial owners, but only because they agree to do so in their
customer agreements or because they are legally required to do so. Investors who hold securities in street name will be indirect holders, not holders, of those securities. Legal Holders Our obligations, as well
as the obligations of any applicable trustee and of any third parties employed by us or a trustee, run only to the legal holders of the securities. We do not have obligations to investors who hold beneficial interests in global securities, in street
name or by any other indirect means. This will be the case whether an investor chooses to be an indirect holder of a security or has no choice because we are issuing the securities only in global form. 30 Table of Contents For example, once we make a payment or give a notice to the holder, we have no further
responsibility for the payment or notice even if that holder is required, under agreements with depositary participants or customers or by law, to pass it along to the indirect holders but does not do so. Similarly, we may want to obtain the
approval of the holders to amend an indenture, to relieve us of the consequences of a default or of our obligation to comply with a particular provision of the indenture or for other purposes. In such an event, we would seek approval only from the
holders, and not the indirect holders, of the securities. Whether and how the holders contact the indirect holders is up to the holders. Special
Considerations for Indirect Holders If you hold securities through a bank, broker, or other financial institution, either in
book-entry form because the securities are represented by one or more global securities or in street name, you should check with your own institution to find out: • | the performance of third-party service providers; • | how it handles securities payments and notices; • | whether it imposes fees or charges; • | how it would handle a request for the holders’ consent, if ever required; • | whether and how you can instruct it to send you securities registered in your own name so you can be a holder, if that is permitted in the future; • | how it would exercise rights under the securities if there were a default or other event triggering the need for holders to act to protect their interests; and • | if the securities are in book-entry form, how the depositary’s rules and procedures will affect these matters. Global Securities A global security is a security that represents one or any other number of individual securities held by a depositary. Generally, all
securities represented by the same global securities will have the same terms. Each security issued in book-entry form will be
represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of a financial institution or its nominee that we select. The financial institution that we select for this purpose is called the depositary. Unless we specify otherwise
in the applicable prospectus supplement, DTC will be the depositary for all securities issued in book-entry form. A global security may
not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under “Special Situations When a Global
Security Will Be Terminated”. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all securities represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only
beneficial interests in a global security. Beneficial interests must be held by means of an account with a broker, bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that does. Thus, an
investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the security, but only an indirect holder of a beneficial interest in the global security. If the prospectus supplement for a particular security indicates that the security will be issued in global form only, then the security will
be represented by a global security at all times unless and until the global security is terminated. If termination occurs, we may issue the securities through another book-entry clearing system or decide that the securities may no longer be held
through any book-entry clearing system. 31 Table of Contents Special Considerations for Global Securities The rights of an indirect holder relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the investor’s financial
institution and of the depositary, as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. We do not recognize an indirect holder as a holder of securities and instead deal only with the depositary that holds the global security. If securities are issued only in the form of a global security, an investor should be aware of the following: • | an investor cannot cause the securities to be registered in his or her name, and cannot obtain non-global certificates for his or her interest in the securities, except in the special situations we describe below; • | an investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank or broker for payments on the securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the securities, as we describe above; • | an investor may not be able to sell interests in the securities to some insurance companies and to other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form; • | an investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective; • | the depositary’s policies, which may change from time to time, will govern payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to an investor’s interest in a global security; • | we and any applicable trustee have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary’s actions or for its records of ownership interests in a global security, nor do we or any applicable trustee supervise the depositary in any way; • | the depositary may, and we understand that DTC will, require that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security within its book-entry system use immediately available funds, and your broker or bank may require you to do so as well; and • | financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system, and through which an investor holds its interest in a global security, may also have their own policies affecting payments, notices and other matters relating to the securities. There may be more than one financial intermediary in the chain of ownership for an investor. We do not monitor and are not responsible for the
actions of any of those intermediaries. Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated In a few special situations described below, the global security will terminate and interests in it will be exchanged for physical certificates
representing those interests. After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold securities directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in
securities transferred to their own name, so that they will be direct holders. We have described the rights of holders and street name investors above. Unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the global security will terminate when the following special situations
occur: • | if the depositary notifies us that it is unwilling, unable or no longer qualified to continue as depositary for that global security and we do not appoint another institution to act as depositary within 90 days; • | if we notify any applicable trustee that we wish to terminate that global security; or • | if an event of default has occurred with regard to securities represented by that global security and has not been cured or waived. 32 Table of Contents The applicable prospectus supplement may also list additional situations for terminating a
global security that would apply only to the particular series of securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. When a global security terminates, the depositary, and not we or any applicable trustee, is responsible for deciding the
names of the institutions that will be the initial direct holders. 33 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, direct sales to the public, negotiated transactions,
block trades or a combination of these methods. We may sell the securities to or through one or more underwriters or dealers (acting as principal or agent), through agents, directly to one or more purchasers, or through a combination of any of these
methods of sale. We may distribute the securities from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing securityholders. We will describe the terms of the offering of the securities and the specific plan of distribution in a prospectus supplement or supplements
to this prospectus, any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you, an amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or other filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are
incorporated by reference. Such description may include, to the extent applicable: • | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers; • | the purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds, if any, we will receive from the sale; • | any options to purchase additional shares or other options under which underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers may purchase additional securities from us; • | any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; • | any public offering price; • | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and • | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. We may also sell equity securities covered by this registration statement in an “at the market” offering as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. Such offering may be made into an existing trading market for such securities in transactions at other than a fixed price on or through the facilities of the NYSE or any other securities exchange or quotation or
trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of sale. Such at the market offerings, if any, may be conducted by underwriters acting as principal or agent. Only underwriters named in the prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Dealers and
agents participating in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters, and compensation received by them on resale of the securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts. If such dealers or agents were deemed to be
underwriters, they may be subject to statutory liabilities under the Securities Act. If underwriters are used in the sale, they will
acquire the securities for their own account and may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The obligations of the underwriters to
purchase the securities will be subject to the 34 Table of Contents conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters
without a syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement, other than securities covered by any option to purchase additional shares or other option.
If a dealer is used in the sale of securities, we, or an underwriter, will sell the securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of
resale. To the extent required, we will set forth in the prospectus supplement the name of the dealer and the terms of the transaction. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change
from time to time. We may use underwriters, dealers or agents with whom we have a material relationship. In such case, we will describe in the prospectus supplement the name of the underwriter, dealer or agent and the nature of any such
relationship. We may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the
offering and sale of securities and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, the agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at
the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we
must pay for solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. If we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to
our existing securityholders, we may enter into a standby underwriting agreement with dealers, acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a standby basis. If we
do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement, we may retain a dealer-manager to manage a subscription rights offering for us. We
may provide agents, dealers and underwriters with indemnification against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or dealers or underwriters may make with respect to
these liabilities. Agents, dealers and underwriters or their affiliates may engage in transactions with, or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. All securities we may offer, other than common stock, will be new issues of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriters
may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any underwriter may be granted an option to purchase additional shares, and engage in stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions
and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. An underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to
purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering or other short-covering transactions involve purchases of the securities, either through exercise of the option to purchase
additional shares or in the open market after the distribution is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased
in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time.
These transactions may be effected on any exchange or over-the-counter market or otherwise. 35 Table of Contents Any underwriters, dealers or agents that are qualified market makers on the NYSE may engage
in passive market making transactions in our common stock on the NYSE in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers or sales of the common
stock. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid
for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the
market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 36 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the securities offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation,
Washington, DC. Additional legal matters may be passed on for us, or any underwriters, dealers or agents by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of IonQ, Inc. appearing in IonQ, Inc.’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent
registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are, and audited consolidated financial statements to be included in subsequently
filed documents will be, incorporated herein in reliance upon the reports of Ernst & Young LLP pertaining to such consolidated financial statements and, if applicable, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
the respective dates (to the extent covered by consents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION This prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the
Securities Act and does not contain all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may
not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other
document. Because we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge on our
website. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is www.ionq.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is
not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 37 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus from other documents that we file with the SEC,
which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus. Information in this prospectus supersedes information
incorporated by reference that we filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus, while information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information in this prospectus. We incorporate by reference into
this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part the information or documents listed below that we have filed with the SEC (Commission File No. 001-39694): • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023 ; • | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023 , August 10, 2023 and November 9, 2023 , respectively; • | the information specifically incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023 ; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2023 , March 17, 2023 , June 30, 2023 , August 10, 2023 , August 17, 2023 and October 5, 2023 ; and • | the description of our common stock which is contained in a Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 10, 2020 under the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description, including Exhibit 4.3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . All filings filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial filing of the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. We also incorporate by reference any future filings (other than current reports furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and exhibits filed on such form that are related to such items unless such Form 8-K expressly provides to the contrary) made with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including those made after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of such registration statement, until we file a
post-effective amendment that indicates the termination of the offering of the securities made by this prospectus and will become a part of this prospectus from the date that such documents are filed with the SEC. Information in such future filings
updates and supplements the information provided in this prospectus. Any statements in any such future filings will automatically be deemed to modify and supersede any information in any document we previously filed with the SEC that is incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference to the extent that statements in the later filed document modify or replace such earlier statements. You can request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: IonQ, Inc. 4505 Campus Drive College Park, MD 20740 Attn: Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary (301) 298-7997 38 Table of Contents Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Depositary Shares Subscription Rights Purchase Contracts Units PROSPECTUS Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth an estimate of the fees and expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in
connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered. All the amounts shown are estimates, except for the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee. Amount
SEC registration fee | $ | 73,800
NYSE fee | (1 | )
FINRA filing fee | $ | 75,500
Accounting fees and expenses | (1 | )
Legal fees and expenses | (1 | )
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses | (1 | )
Trustee’s fees and expenses | (1 | )
Printing and miscellaneous fees and expenses | (1 | )
Total | $ | (1 | ) (1) | The amount of securities and number of offerings are indeterminable and the expenses cannot be estimated at this time. An estimate of the aggregate expenses in connection with the sale and distribution of securities being offered will be included in the applicable prospectus supplement. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant,
indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Act. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees
and other agents to the maximum extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, and our amended and restated bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees and other agents to the maximum extent permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers
containing provisions which are in some respects broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the Delaware General Corporation Law. The indemnification agreements require us, among other things, to indemnify our directors
against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We maintain insurance policies that indemnify our directors and officers against various liabilities arising under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, that might be incurred by any director or officer in his or her capacity as such. The underwriting agreement(s) that we may
enter into may provide for indemnification by any underwriters of IonQ, our directors, our officers who sign the registration statement and our controlling persons for some liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers or persons
controlling us, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. II-1 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule / Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company | Form 8-K | 001-39694 | 3.1 | October 4, 2021
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company | Form 8-K | 001-39694 | 3.2 | October 4, 2021
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate | Form S-4/A | 333-254840 | 4.4 | August 11, 2021
4.2 | Warrant Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and IonQ, Inc. | Form 8-K | 001-39694 | 4.1 | November 17, 2020
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate | Form S-1 | 333-249524 | 4.3 | October 16, 2020
4.4* | Form of Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate
4.5 | Form of Indenture | X
4.6* | Form of Debt Securities
4.7* | Form of Warrant Agreement
4.8* | Form of Deposit Agreement
4.9* | Form of Subscription Agreement
4.10* | Form of Purchase Contract Agreement
4.11* | Form of Unit Agreement
4.12* | Form of Unit
5.1 | Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation | X
23.1 | Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. | X
23.2 | Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation (included in Exhibit 5.1) | X
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this registration statement). | X II-2 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule / Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
25.1** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
107 | Filing Fee Table | X * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report filed under the Exchange Act and incorporated herein by reference, if applicable. ** | To be filed, if applicable, in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and the applicable rules thereunder. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities
offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective
registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed
in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that
paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of this registration statement. (b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (d) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date
the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and II-3 Table of Contents (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as
part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall
be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the
prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or
prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time
of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such
effective date. (e) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in
the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the
securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such
securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus
relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (f) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in
the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (g) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 Table of Contents (h) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of College Park, State of Maryland, on this November 9, 2023. IONQ, INC.
By: | /s/ P ETER C HAPMAN
Peter Chapman
President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter Chapman and Thomas Kramer,
and each of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by this registration statement
that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and generally to
do all such things in their names and behalf in their capacities as officers and directors to enable IonQ, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents or either of them, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Peter Chapman Peter Chapman | President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | November 9, 2023
/s/ Thomas Kramer Thomas Kramer | Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) | November 9, 2023
/s/ Craig Barratt Craig Barratt | Chair of the Board of Directors | November 9, 2023
/s/ Harry You Harry You | Director | November 9, 2023
/s/ Kathryn Chou Kathryn Chou | Director | November 9, 2023
/s/ Niccolo de Masi Niccolo de Masi | Director | November 9, 2023 II-6 Table of Contents Name | Title | Date
/s/ Jungsang Kim Jungsang Kim | Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer and Director | November 9, 2023
/s/ Inder M. Singh Inder M. Singh | Director | November 9, 2023
/s/ Wendy Thomas Wendy Thomas | Director | November 9, 2023 II-7