424B4 1 d551112d424b4.htm 424B4 424B4 Table of Contents Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) Registration No. 333-278475 PROSPECTUS 11,000,000 Shares LOAR HOLDINGS INC. Common Stock This is Loar
Holdings Inc.’s initial public offering of our common stock (“common stock”). We are offering shares of common stock. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. The initial public offering price of
our common stock is $28.00 per share. We have been approved to list our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol “LOAR.” See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 22 to read about factors you should consider before buying shares
of our common stock. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), and, as such, we have elected to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements for this prospectus and may elect to do so in future filings. After the completion of this offering and pursuant to the Voting Agreement (as defined below), Abrams Capital Management, L.P. and its
affiliates (together, “Abrams Capital”), GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will beneficially own approximately 65% of our outstanding common stock (or 64% if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase
additional shares of common stock). As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE; however, we do not currently intend to rely on any exemptions from the corporate governance requirements of the
NYSE available to “controlled companies.” See “Management—Controlled Company Status” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Voting Agreement.” Dirkson Charles is our President, Chief
Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director and Brett Milgrim is our Executive Co-Chairman and Director. Neither the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense. Per share | Total
Initial public offering price | $ | 28.000 | $ | 308,000,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) | $ | 1.904 | $ | 20,944,000
Proceeds, before expenses, to us | $ | 26.096 | $ | 287,056,000 (1) | See “Underwriting” for additional information regarding underwriting compensation. At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 660,000 shares of our common stock, or 6% of the shares offered by
this prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to certain of our non-employee directors and employees. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on
the same basis as the other shares offered by this prospectus. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC will administer our directed share program. See “Prospectus Summary—The Offering—Directed Share Program” for additional information. We have granted the underwriters the right, for a period of 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 1,650,000
additional shares of common stock from us at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount. The underwriters expect to
deliver the shares to purchasers on April 29, 2024. (*lead
bookrunners listed in alphabetical order) Jefferies* | Morgan Stanley* Moelis & Company Citigroup | RBC Capital Markets April 24, 2024 Table of Contents loargroup Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
Summary | 1
Risk Factors | 22
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 46
Use of Proceeds | 48
Dividend Policy | 49
Capitalization | 50
Dilution | 51
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 53
Business | 67
Management | 78
Executive Compensation | 86
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions | 91
Principal Stockholders | 95
Description of Capital Stock | 98
Shares Eligible for Future Sale | 105
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders | 107
Underwriting | 112
Legal Matters | 124
Experts | 124
Where You Can Find More Information | 124
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-1 Through and including the 25th day after the date of this prospectus, all dealers that effect transactions in these shares of common stock,
whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligations to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or
subscriptions. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus we may authorize to be delivered or
made available to you. Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. Neither we nor any of the underwriters take any responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any
other information that others may give you. The information in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, or any free writing prospectus, as the case may be, or any sale
of shares of our common stock. Our business, results of operations and financial condition may have changed since such date. For
investors outside the United States: we are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. Neither we nor any of the underwriters have done anything that would
permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must
inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. i Table of Contents BASIS OF PRESENTATION Prior to April 16, 2024, we operated as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Loar Holdings, LLC. On April 16, 2024, we converted
to a Delaware corporation and changed our name to Loar Holdings Inc. In the conversion, all of our outstanding equity interests were converted into shares of common stock. Specifically, holders of Loar Holdings, LLC units received 377,450.980392157
shares of common stock of Loar Holdings Inc. for each unit of Loar Holdings, LLC. The foregoing conversion and related transactions are referred to herein as the “Corporate Conversion.” The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to
reorganize our structure so that the entity that is offering our common stock to the public in this offering is a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that our existing investors and new investors in this offering will own our
common stock rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. Loar Acquisition 13, LLC, is the sole holder of shares of common stock of Loar Holdings Inc. Upon the consummation of this offering, LA 13 will distribute the shares of common
stock of Loar Holdings Inc. to its members and then liquidate immediately thereafter in accordance with applicable law. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—LA 13 LLC Agreement.” Except as disclosed in the
prospectus, the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other financial information included in this registration statement are those of Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC, and its subsidiaries. Shares
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Loar Holdings Inc. are being offered by the prospectus that forms a part of this registration statement. INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA Within this
prospectus, we reference information and statistics regarding the industry in which we operate. We have obtained this information and statistics from various independent third-party sources, independent industry publications, reports by market
research firms and other independent sources. Some data and other information contained in this prospectus are also based on management’s estimates and calculations, which are derived from our review and interpretation of internal surveys and
independent sources. The information is as of its original publication dates (and not as of the date of this prospectus). Data regarding the industries in which we compete and our market position and market share within these industries are
inherently imprecise and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties beyond our control, but we believe they generally indicate size, position and market share within these industries. We are responsible for all of
the disclosure in this prospectus and believe the third-party information and our internal company research, data and estimates contained in this prospectus to be reliable, neither have we nor have the underwriters independently verified any
third-party information nor has any independent source verified our internal company research, data and estimates. In addition,
assumptions and estimates of our and our industry’s future performance are subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors.” These and other factors could cause
our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” As a result, you should be aware that market, ranking, and other similar industry data included in
this prospectus, and estimates and beliefs based on that data may not be reliable. Neither we nor the underwriters can guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such information contained in this prospectus. TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS, TRADENAMES, AND COPYRIGHTS We own a number of registered and common law trademarks and pending applications for trademark registrations in the United States. Unless
otherwise indicated, all trademarks, service marks, trade names, and copyrights appearing in this prospectus are proprietary to us, our affiliates, and/or licensors. This prospectus also contains trademarks, tradenames, service marks, and copyrights
of third parties, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, tradenames, service marks, and copyrights referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ®, TM , SM , or © symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under
applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, tradenames, service marks, and copyrights. We do not intend our use ii Table of Contents or display of other parties’ trademarks, tradenames, service marks, or copyrights to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or
sponsorship of us by, these other parties. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES We present certain financial information based on our EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. References to “EBITDA” mean
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, references to “Adjusted EBITDA” mean EBITDA plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliations of net loss to EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA and references to “Adjusted EBITDA Margin” refer to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. We present EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance. In addition, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to review and assess the performance of the management team in
connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. Moreover, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA of target companies to evaluate acquisitions. Although we use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as measures to assess the performance of our business and for the other
purposes set forth above, the use of non-GAAP financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of
operations as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements, necessary to service interest payments on our indebtedness; • | although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and the cash requirements for such replacements are not reflected in EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, exclude the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions; • | the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; and • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, do not include the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations. Because of these limitations, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, should not
be considered as measures of cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Management compensates for these limitations by not viewing EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, in isolation and specifically by using other
U.S. GAAP measures, such as net sales and operating profit, to measure our operating performance. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and they should not be considered as
alternatives to net loss or cash flow from operations determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our calculations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by
other companies. For a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” iii Table of Contents CERTAIN DEFINITIONS As used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, the “Company,” “our company,” “Loar,”
“we,” “us” and “our” refer to Loar Holdings, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries for all periods prior to the Corporate Conversion discussed below and to Loar Holdings Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries for all
periods following the Corporate Conversion. In addition, as used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires: • | “Board” refers to our board of directors; • | “CAGR” refers to compound annual growth rate; • | “CAV” refers to CAV Systems Group Limited; • | “Credit Agreement” refers to our Twelfth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, by and among Loar Group Inc., Loar Holdings, LLC, the other guarantors party thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC, as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”) for the lenders and as collateral agent for the secured parties, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (including as of April 10, 2024); • | “DAC” refers to DAC Engineered Products, LLC; • | “Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment” refers to the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement; • | “Delayed Draw Term Loans” refers to the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement; • | “DGCL” refers to Delaware General Corporation Law; • | “Exchange Act” refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; • | “FAA” refers to the Federal Aviation Administration in the United States; • | “GAAP” refers to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; • | “JLL” refers to JLL Partners; • | “K&F” refers to K&F Industries; • | “LA 13” refers to Loar Acquisition 13, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which will liquidate in accordance with applicable law immediately following the occurrence of this offering and the distribution described in “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—LA 13 LLC Agreement”; • | “LIBOR” refers to the London Interbank Offered Rate; • | “LLC Agreement” refers to the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of LA 13; • | “McKechnie” refers to McKechnie Aerospace; • | “OEMs” refers to original equipment manufacturers; • | “Revenue Passenger Kilometers” and “RPKs” refer to revenue paying passengers multiplied by the distance travelled in kilometers; • | “Revolving Line of Credit” refers to the revolving line of credit under the Credit Agreement; • | “Sarbanes-Oxley Act” refers to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended; • | “SCHROTH” refers to SCHROTH Acquisition GmbH; • | “SOFR” refers to the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate; • | “TransDigm” refers to TransDigm Group Incorporated; and • | “Voting Agreement” refers to the Voting Agreement, by and among Loar Holdings Inc., funds advised by Abrams Capital Management, L.P., GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim, which we understand will be executed upon completion of this offering. iv Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary may not contain all the information that may be
important to you. You should carefully read the entire prospectus before making an investment decision, including the information presented under the heading “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our Company We specialize in the design, manufacture, and sale of niche aerospace and defense components that are essential for today’s
aircraft and aerospace and defense systems. Our focus on mission-critical, highly engineered solutions with high-intellectual property content resulted in approximately 85% of our 2023 net sales being derived from proprietary products where we
believe we hold market-leading positions. Furthermore, our products have significant aftermarket exposure, which has historically generated predictable and recurring revenue. We estimate that 52% of our 2023 net sales were derived from
aftermarket products. The products we manufacture cover a diverse range of applications supporting nearly every major aircraft platform
in use today and include auto throttles, lap-belt airbags, two- and three-point seat belts, water purification systems, fire barriers, polyimide washers and bushings, latches, hold-open and tie rods,
temperature and fluid sensors and switches, carbon and metallic brake discs, fluid and pneumatic-based ice protection, RAM air components, sealing solutions and motion and actuation devices, among others. We primarily serve three core end markets:
commercial, business jet and general aviation, and defense, which have long historical track records of consistent growth. We also serve a diversified customer base within these end markets where we maintain long-standing customer relationships. We
believe that the demanding, extensive and costly qualification process for new entrants, coupled with our history of consistently delivering exceptional solutions for our customers, has provided us with leading market positions and created
significant barriers to entry for potential competitors. By utilizing differentiated design, engineering, and manufacturing capabilities, along with a highly targeted acquisition strategy, we have sought to create long-term, sustainable value with a
consistent, global business model. Our ability to deliver high-quality solutions stems from management’s extensive industry
experience and their long history of creating value across multiple businesses. Prior to the formation of Loar, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman Dirkson Charles, Chief Financial Officer Glenn
D’Alessandro, and VP & General Counsel Michael Manella helped lead K&F through 17 years of sustained success, including its initial public offering and ultimate sale to Meggitt plc (now part of Parker-Hannifin Corporation). The
team, building upon its proven ability to create value, subsequently worked together at McKechnie until its 2010 sale to TransDigm. During their tenure at McKechnie, they worked alongside the Company’s Co-Chairman Brett Milgrim, who was a Managing Director and Partner of JLL, McKechnie’s majority owner before the sale to TransDigm. Through their collective experience at K&F and McKechnie, the
management team built deep industry expertise and harnessed this knowledge to launch Loar, even entering some of the same product categories as K&F and McKechnie such as carbon and metallic brake discs, hydraulic valves, keepers, rate control
devices, latches, hold-open rods, starter generators, and actuators, among others. By having the advantage of a clean blueprint and targeted list of attractive product categories and acquisition candidates, the management team has been able to
leverage its significant experience to create a purpose-built, successful platform. Loar is centered around a commitment to a consistent
and focused business model—creating a portfolio of proprietary products serving a highly diverse set of applications, end markets and customers within the aerospace and defense value chain. This strategy has resulted in what we believe to be
market-leading positions, driven by products that have been difficult for competitors to replicate. The qualification process for 1 Table of Contents the Company’s products serves as a significant barrier to entry for new suppliers. The time, investment, and risks associated with qualification are substantial. The process can often take
years, involving multiple tests that require support and financial contribution from both the system supplier and the OEM. Moreover, the Company focuses on products that make up a relatively small portion of the total cost of an aircraft. As a
result, it is not typically economical for OEMs to repeat the process of qualification after an existing supplier has been qualified already onto a given aircraft platform. In addition, customer relationships represent a key barrier to entry. Given
the mission-critical nature of the Company’s products, we believe our customers look for highly reliable suppliers they can trust to deliver on-time, high-quality solutions. Loar’s position as a
trusted supplier of highly engineered, value-added products not only has created significant barriers to entry, but also has established an ability to fairly value our products, which has resulted in consistent improvements to Loar’s gross
profit margins over the long-term. Our portfolio of products serves a variety of applications across aircraft platforms as shown below: Once Loar’s components are qualified on an aircraft platform, we believe we are likely to maintain our
position as the provider of aftermarket parts and services for the life of the platform and related platform derivatives. This results in significant aftermarket revenue, which represented 52% of our 2023 net sales. For the platforms we serve, the
total life of an aircraft can be up to 50 years, ensuring steady aftermarket revenue streams with historically higher margins than revenue to OEM customers. We believe our aftermarket exposure provides us with an opportunity for stable, recurring,
long-lasting and high-margin financial performance. In addition to our OEM and aftermarket balance, our revenue is diversified across end
markets, customers, and platforms. No more than 14% of our 2023 net sales came from any single customer, and no more than 6% of our 2023 net sales came from any single aircraft platform. We believe that our revenue diversification provides
significant resiliency, and it positions us well to take advantage of new business opportunities. 2 Table of Contents We believe that our efforts to serve our customers effectively have also differentiated our business and
led to long-standing customer relationships. Given the complexity of our customers’ supply chains, they look for dependable suppliers across multiple products and capabilities. In addition to providing a broad set of capabilities, we believe
our commitment to quality, consistent on-time delivery and highly specialized tailored solutions furthers our long-standing relationships. Our relationships enable an open dialogue regarding our
customers’ supply chain challenges, which can give us insight into potential growth opportunities, both organically and inorganically. In 2023, we generated $317 million in net sales. Since the inception of our Company in 2012, we have grown our net sales at a CAGR of 38%. We
generated a GAAP reported net loss of $5 million in 2023 and $113 million in Adjusted EBITDA in 2023, representing a GAAP reported net loss margin of (1)% and a 36% Adjusted EBITDA margin. Including one-time investments of $6 million related to the relocation of a manufacturing facility and the construction of a new factory in 2023, we invested $12 million in capital expenditures in 2023. Our historical
capital expenditures from 2021 to 2023 (excluding the one-time investments described above) have averaged 3% of net sales, highlighting the low capital requirements of our business model. Over the next 12 months, we expect our capital needs to be in-line with our recent history at approximately 3% of net sales. For a discussion of the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Our business approach couples strong organic growth with our proven acquisition strategy. Since 2012, we have executed and successfully
integrated 16 strategic acquisitions. We have a highly disciplined approach to evaluating potential acquisition targets, and have sought companies with valuable intellectual property, high aftermarket content, revenue synergies, ability to
cross-sell and strong customer relationships. We operate in a highly fragmented market, which has historically provided ample acquisition targets as we look to enhance and grow our platform. 3 Table of Contents Our Industry End
Markets We primarily compete across three core end markets of the aerospace and defense component industry: commercial, business jet
and general aviation, and defense. Commercial . The commercial aerospace market, our largest end market representing
45% of 2023 net sales, has experienced significant growth over the past several years as a result of increased orders for next-generation commercial aircraft and increased aftermarket requirements from higher levels of aircraft usage in a post-COVID
environment. However, the commercial aerospace market has shown consistent long-term growth trends over the past 75 years, spurred by travel demand and the development of a global world economy. The industry’s growth rate has historically
outpaced global GDP growth, with RPKs increasing at an average of 1.6x global GDP growth between 1970 and 2022, reflecting an approximate 5% CAGR. Commercial OEM revenue historically has been tied to new aircraft production, which is currently supported by the production ramp of several
next-generation narrowbody aircraft programs that have large order backlogs (for example, Airbus A320 family and Boeing 737 family). These order backlogs are needed to meet the secular demand for air travel. In 2021, there were 20,675 commercial jet
aircraft in service, compared to 17,712 commercial jet aircraft in service in 2010, and industry consultants project that future demand requires 34,684 commercial aircraft in service by 2032. The commercial aftermarket has historically produced consistent revenue. In our experience, as global commercial aircraft fleets grow,
maintenance requirements grow alongside them. Most maintenance requirements are recurring and non-deferrable, even during periods of economic downturn or reduced demand for commercial air travel. Given the
industry’s long-term secular growth trends, an increasingly larger middle class that has a high demand for travel, and a meaningfully large share of the global fleet represented by legacy aircraft, we expect continued growth and stability of
our commercial aftermarket revenue. Business Jet and General Aviation. Our second largest end market, business jet and
general aviation, which accounted for approximately 24% of 2023 net sales, has experienced significant growth over the past several years. The emergence of several business models has provided consumers with greater accessibility and affordability
to private aviation, driving increased popularity globally. The business jet and general aviation market is comprised of all aviation
operations outside of commercial and defense, and it includes both OEM and the aftermarket. This market has experienced strong 4 Table of Contents demand with new asset-light fleet models, such as charter operators, jet cards and fractional jet ownership. These shared economy solutions have increased average utilization, resulting in
growing demand for new aircraft. Accordingly, several modern, next-generation business jet platforms have been introduced by aircraft OEMs and production rates have been rising to meet this growing demand. Moreover, increased accessibility and
affordability of private aviation has driven accelerated adoption by consumers, as flyers seek alternative options to commercial air travel, resulting in even greater flight hours and aftermarket growth. Defense. The military aviation end market, which accounted for approximately 19% of 2023 net sales, has continued to benefit
from growing global demand. Current geopolitical circumstances, including the Ukraine conflict, the Israeli war and the potential for engagements with China and/or Russia have resulted in increased global defense spending. We expect that defense
spending will continue to increase as militaries invest to maintain operational readiness. We believe that aftermarket and OEM demand for
military aviation solutions follows global defense spending and the broader U.S. Department of Defense budget. OEM military revenue is primarily driven by spending on new aircraft platforms and systems. In an era of heightened geopolitical
instability, we believe that defense spending will continue to be a priority for militaries to maintain operational readiness and invest in next-generation platforms with modern capabilities. Recently, military aftermarket revenue has been derived
primarily from utilization of existing aircraft, aircraft modernization and sustainment initiatives to upgrade existing fleets and extend the service life of equipment. Competition The market for aerospace and
defense components is highly fragmented, with few scaled competitors. As a result, we have very few direct competitors that provide the breadth of products, solutions and expertise that we are able to offer our customers. However, given the market
fragmentation, we face competition from different competitors across individual products and applications. Competition within our product offerings range from divisions of large public corporations to small, privately held companies with singular
capabilities that lack infrastructure and capacity to scale. We compete primarily on the basis of engineering, capabilities, capacity and
customer responsiveness. We believe we meet or exceed the performance and quality requirements of our customers and consistently deliver products on a timely basis with superior customer service and support. Our commitment to performance and
responsiveness has allowed us to foster strong customer relationships with major aerospace and defense OEMs and Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers. We believe that our consistent quality, performance and breadth of capabilities are key strengths that
enable us to win new business and fuel the continued long-term relationships with our customers. Challenges Our business is subject to a number of risks inherent to our industry, including, among others, our almost exclusive focus on the aerospace and
defense industry, our ability to consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms and to integrate effectively acquired operations and the cyclical nature of our sales to manufacturers of aircraft. Any number of these factors could impact our business,
and there is no guarantee that our historical performance will be predictive of future operational and financial performance. For a description of the challenges we have faced and continue to face and the risks and limitations that could harm our
prospects, see “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Summary of Risk Factors” and “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this prospectus. 5 Table of Contents Competitive Strengths As a specialized supplier in the aerospace and defense component industry, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver innovative, mission-critical solutions to a wide array of aerospace and defense customers. Our key competitive strengths support our ability to offer differentiated solutions to our
customers: Portfolio of Mission-Critical, Niche Aerospace and Defense Components . We specialize in niche aerospace
and defense components that are essential for the production and maintenance of aircraft and their related systems. Given the high costs typically associated with the stoppage of production or the removal of an aircraft from service, customers
demand consistent reliability, performance and quality from our products. We believe that few competitors can offer the customized, high-quality solutions we provide and, as such, we believe we are the supplier of choice in the end markets in which
we operate. Intellectual Property-Driven, Proprietary Products and Expertise in an Industry with High Barriers to Entry. We derived 85% of our 2023 net sales from proprietary products or solutions. Our intellectual property and in-house expertise represent decades of knowledge and investment that we believe
competitors would struggle to match. Furthermore, due to the industry’s stringent regulatory, certification and technical requirements, the qualification process for new products is rigorous and costly. Certification processes necessitate
significant time and monetary investments from both suppliers and customers, leaving little incentive for either party to repeat these processes once a product is already certified on a platform. Accordingly, we believe that these high barriers to
entry provide us with additional growth opportunities with our customers, while the reliability, performance and quality of our products enhance our long-standing customer relationships. Strategically Focused on Higher-Margin Aftermarket Content . We supply aftermarket products to a large installed, and
growing, base of aircraft. We estimate that our addressable market opportunity includes more than 84,000 discrete aircraft across more than 250 total aircraft platforms. Due to our installed OEM base of proprietary products and a demanding
certification process, we are often the only supplier providing these products in the aftermarket, which we generally expect to result in a recurring revenue stream for the life of each aircraft platform. The total life of the platforms we serve can
be up to 50 years, presenting the opportunity for a long tail of aftermarket service and/or periodic replacement requirements. We believe our ability to support the full aircraft life cycle from initial build to retirement is a key differentiator
and has historically generated significant revenue, as represented by the 52% of our 2023 net sales attributable to the aftermarket. The long-term secular growth dynamics of aftermarket demand historically have also led to higher margins and
consistent revenue growth. Highly Diversified Revenue Streams . We have strategically and purposefully constructed a
highly diverse portfolio, which we believe positions us well to succeed in a variety of market conditions. Our diversified revenue base is designed to reduce our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market sector, and we believe it has
been a significant factor in our resilient financial performance. The Company’s diversification stretches across end markets, product category or application, customers, and platforms. • | End markets: 2023 net sales by category were 45% commercial, 24% business jet and general aviation, 19% defense and 12% non-aviation. • | Product category or application: The Company’s products are utilized in a variety of applications in the interiors, exteriors, and engines that serve both OEM (48% of 2023 net sales) and aftermarket (52% of 2023 net sales) categories of the overall market. • | Customers: No customer made up more than 14% of 2023 net sales. The top five customers made up 34% of 2023 net sales. • | Platforms: No aircraft platform represented more than 6% of 2023 net sales. The top six aircraft platforms represented less than 19% of total 2023 net sales. Our top two aircraft platforms are the Airbus A320 family and the Boeing 737 family. 6 Table of Contents Established Business Model with a Lean, Entrepreneurial Structure . Our
operations are built around a philosophy that encourages local autonomy across the Company’s brands and drives entrepreneurial spirit. Critical to our success is a management structure that is designed to facilitate seamless
communication across our businesses. Executive Vice Presidents are responsible for multiple brands within the Company. They support local brand leaders and also work closely with corporate management in helping to optimize potential cross-selling
opportunities, operational initiatives and capital allocation. By fostering cross-communication and enabling each brand to leverage the benefits of the broader Company platform, we have created a highly scalable operational structure with few
management layers. We believe our streamlined structure also facilitates efficient decision making for acquisitions and other important strategic decisions. Our streamlined leadership, coupled with a holistic approach to revenue and innovation, is
intended to position us for revenue growth and ongoing operational improvements. Disciplined and Strategic Approach to
Acquisitions, with History of Successful Integration . We have a disciplined and thoughtful approach to acquisitions, as demonstrated by the successful integration of our 16 acquisitions since 2012. Our well-defined acquisition
criteria have led us to target companies with proprietary products and/or processes, leading market positions, significant aftermarket potential, strong revenue synergies with potential for cross-selling and strong customer relationships.
Management’s experience in driving financial performance from our defined model has led to a targeted goal of doubling an acquired business’s Adjusted EBITDA over a three-to-five-year time frame post-acquisition. Our focused approach to acquisitions and the underlying drivers of value have helped create a scaled and integrated
platform. Track Record of Strong Growth, Margins and Cash Flow Generation . Since inception, we have utilized both
organic and inorganic drivers to generate a portfolio of what we believe to be market leading brands and products under the Loar umbrella, enabling a consistent track record of growth and strong margins. In constructing a portfolio of capabilities
that fit the needs of the marketplace, we have focused on four main strategic drivers of value in our business: launching new products, optimizing productivity, achieving value pricing and readying talent. By applying these drivers, we have been
able to generate significant growth, high margins and high cash flow since our inception. We believe our performance-driven culture and commitment to constant improvement and execution will continue to drive strong financial performance. 7 Table of Contents For a discussion of the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin and a
reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, see “Summary Financial Data.” Proven Leadership
Team. Our leadership team has a depth of experience running businesses in the aerospace and defense component industry. A core group of our senior management team has worked together for over 30 years at multiple companies, and the average
industry experience for 10 members of our senior leadership team is over 25 years, including having worked together for more than 15 years at the Company, McKechnie and/or TransDigm. Our management team has leveraged its extensive industry
experience to construct purposely a well-designed and diversified platform at Loar, has generated significant net sales growth, and has navigated many different market environments. In addition, our management team’s incentives are well-aligned
with the success of Loar and its stockholders. Members of the management team and certain other key employees are expected to hold approximately 16% of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 16, 2024, after giving effect to the
sale of shares of common stock by us in this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. See “Principal Stockholders.” Growth Strategy Our growth
strategy is made up of two key elements: (i) a value-driven operating strategy and (ii) a disciplined acquisition strategy. Value-driven operating strategy. Our five core organic growth value drivers are: • | Providing highly engineered, value-additive solutions to our customers: We are well positioned in our core underlying markets to benefit from the aerospace and defense component industry’s long-term secular growth trends. Our proprietary products and consistent ability to meet customer needs have resulted in strong, long-standing customer relationships. Our quality and breadth of offerings have enabled us to maintain established positions on nearly every major aircraft platform such that we benefit from both large production backlogs for new aircraft as well as the aftermarket requirements associated with aircraft in use today. We expect to maintain entrenched positions for the life of the majority of these aircraft platforms due in part to high switching costs and significant barriers to entry. When coupled with the long tail of aftermarket requirements, our positioning creates a favorable mix of business with highly profitable opportunities. • | Value-based pricing opportunities: Historically we have been able to realize a sustainable pricing strategy reflective of the value of our products’ position in the supply chain. We believe our business model creates value-based pricing opportunities through a compelling combination of attributes. Proprietary products, customized designs, superior quality, the relative low cost of our solutions compared to the total cost of the aircraft platform, and high switching costs are among the attributes that we believe lead our customers to prioritize performance and reliability over price. • | Winning profitable new business: We have won profitable new business from existing customers, and we have expanded our customer base through new relationships, by leveraging our broad capabilities, extensive engineering expertise and reputation for quality and performance. By successfully meeting customers’ design requirements, certification needs and/or timing constraints, we have garnered trust with customers and created cross-selling opportunities across various platforms, systems and customers. Our new business pipeline targets opportunities within attractive aircraft programs where we see an opportunity to leverage customer relationships or product overlaps and drive new, profitable revenue streams. • | New product introductions: We continuously develop new innovative solutions for our customers. Our product development strategy has been guided by our strong understanding of our customers’ needs, which is driven by the open and candid relationships we foster. We seek to introduce new products that 8 Table of Contents not only address critical customer needs, but also serve large addressable fleets with aftermarket requirements. Additionally, as customers continue to navigate an increasingly complex supply chain, we believe they are focused on working with a smaller set of reliable core suppliers. As a supplier of a broad suite of high-quality, niche solutions that serve a broad range of applications, we are well-positioned to benefit from customers’ desire for a more streamlined supply chain. • | Driving operational efficiencies that improve cost structure and profitability: We are focused on consistent operational improvements to our cost structure that we believe will drive profitability. We frequently review opportunities for margin enhancement through key operational metrics, productivity initiatives, management directives and weekly or quarterly reviews to drive operational efficiencies. Additionally, we expect our margins and profitability to improve from focused growth strategies that provide high contribution margins and value-based pricing that, at a minimum, achieve price increases greater than inflation. Disciplined acquisition strategy . Acquisitions are a core element
of our long-term growth strategy. We have considerable experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our Company and culture, having done so 16 times since our formation in 2012. Our disciplined acquisition
strategy revolves around acquiring aerospace and defense component businesses with significant aftermarket potential and proprietary content and/or processes, where we believe there is a clear path to value creation. The aerospace supply chain is highly fragmented, with many components supplied by smaller privately-owned businesses that, in turn, sell to
system integrators, Tier 1 or Tier 2 manufacturers, or large OEM participants. We believe there is a significant opportunity for further consolidation of the supply chain. We have maintained a robust pipeline of acquisition targets and are often in
active discussions with business owners that recognize our established culture and the opportunity for them to leverage the Company’s existing infrastructure, customer base, platform exposure and industry relationships. We are positioned as an
acquirer of choice due to our entrepreneurial philosophy and desire to further grow and improve each brand we acquire, based on a flexible post-acquisition integration that suits each business’s specific strengths and culture. We intentionally
maintain each acquired business’s brand to preserve long-term customer relationships and capture revenue synergies. As part of our
acquisition strategy, we take a disciplined approach to acquisition target screening, focusing on identifying key characteristics that we believe provide insight on strategic fit. Such characteristics include: (i) aerospace- and defense-focused
businesses; (ii) proprietary content and/or processes; (iii) significant aftermarket exposure or potential to grow; (iv) focus on niche markets or products with strong market positions; (v) capabilities where the opportunity to
cross-sell our existing portfolio of products exists; and (vi) long-standing customer relationships. Our disciplined approach to acquisitions has allowed us to be opportunistic, which has built the Company into a leading aerospace and defense
component supplier. Preliminary Estimated Unaudited Financial Results and Condition for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Our preliminary estimated unaudited net sales, net income (loss), EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, net income (loss) margin, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and
capital expenditures for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as well as our preliminary estimated unaudited cash and cash equivalents and total debt, including the current portion, as of March 31, 2024, are set forth below. We have
provided a range for these preliminary financial results and condition because our closing procedures for our financial results and condition for the three months ended and as of March 31, 2024 are not yet complete. Our preliminary estimates of
the financial results and condition set forth below are based solely on information available to us as of the date of this prospectus and are inherently uncertain and subject to change. Our preliminary estimates contained in this prospectus are
forward-looking statements. Our actual results and condition remain subject to the completion of management’s final review and our other closing procedures. These preliminary estimates are not a comprehensive statement of 9 Table of Contents our financial results and condition for the three months ended and as of March 31, 2024, and should not be viewed as a substitute for full financial statements prepared in accordance with
GAAP. In addition, these preliminary estimates for the three months ended and as of March 31, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results or condition to be achieved in any future period. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance
on these preliminary financial results or condition. See “Risk Factors,” “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” for a discussion of certain factors that could result in differences between the preliminary estimated unaudited financial results and condition reported below and the actual results and condition. Our actual financial statements
and related notes as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024 are not expected to be filed with the SEC until after this offering is completed. The preliminary estimated unaudited financial results and condition included in this prospectus have been prepared by, and are the
responsibility of, our management. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the preliminary estimated unaudited financial results.
Accordingly, Ernst & Young LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. Based upon such
preliminary estimated financial results, we expect various key metrics for the three months ended and as of March 31, 2024 to be between the ranges set out in the following table, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023: Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 | Three Months Ended March 31, 2023
Low (estimated) | High (estimated) | Actual
(in thousands)
Net sales | $ | 89,844 | $ | 91,844 | $ | 74,246
Net income (loss) | 1,628 | 2,249 | (7,519 | )
Adjusted EBITDA (1) | 32,030 | 33,030 | 26,846
Capital expenditures | (2,501 | ) | (2,401 | ) | (1,910 | ) (1) | Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures and are defined in the section “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information.” See the table below under the caption “Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin.” We estimate that our net sales for the three months ended March 31, 2024 will increase 21% to 24% as compared to the three months ended
March 31, 2023, primarily due to higher organic sales growth from the increased demand of our products as well as the impact of the sales from DAC and CAV, both of which were acquired in the third quarter of 2023, and are not included in the
results for the three months ended March 31, 2023. We estimate that our net income for the three months ended March 31, 2024,
will increase between $9.1 million and $9.8 million as compared to the net loss reported for the three months ended March 31, 2023. This increase is primarily due to higher gross profit from the increase in sales and a lower income
tax provision resulting from the establishment of a valuation allowance against the Company’s deferred tax asset for its disallowed interest carryforward during the three months ended March 31, 2023. This increase was partially offset by
higher interest costs. We estimate that our Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2024 will increase 19% to 23% as
compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023, primarily due to the higher gross profit from the increase in sales, partially offset by lower gross profit margins for DAC and CAV which were acquired in the third quarter of 2023. 10 Table of Contents We estimate that our capital expenditures for the three months ended March 31, 2024
will increase 26% to 31% as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023, primarily due to capital spending on new equipment needed to support the Company’s sales growth. Capital expenditures were approximately 3% of sales for the
three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2024 | As of December 31, 2023
Low (estimated) | High (estimated) | Actual
(in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 28,052 | $ | 28,152 | $ | 21,489
Total debt, including current portion . . . . . . | 537,841 | 537,741 | 539,069 We expect cash and cash equivalents to increase as of March 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023,
primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by capital expenditures and payments of long-term debt. We
expect total debt, including the current portion, to decrease as of March 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to payments of long-term debt. Reconciliation of Income (Loss) to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a discussion on how we define EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin and why believe these measures are important. The following table reconciles estimated net income (loss) to estimated EBITDA, estimated Adjusted EBITDA and estimated Adjusted EBITDA Margin
for the three months ended March 31, 2024 (in thousands except percentages): Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 | Three Months Ended March 31, 2023
Low (estimated) | High (estimated) | (Actual)
Net income (loss) | $ | 1,628 | $ | 2,249 | $ | (7,519 | )
Adjustments:
Interest expense, net | 17,734 | 17,734 | 15,402
Income tax provision | 995 | 1,374 | 9,172
Operating income | 20,357 | 21,357 | 17,055
Depreciation | 2,678 | 2,678 | 2,446
Amortization | 7,265 | 7,265 | 6,880
EBITDA (a) | 30,300 | 31,300 | 26,381
Adjustments:
Other income (b) | — | — | (48 | )
Transaction expenses (c) | 176 | 176 | 183
Stock-based compensation (d) | 87 | 87 | 93
Acquisition integration costs (e) | 1,467 | 1,467 | 237
Adjusted EBITDA (a) | $ | 32,030 | $ | 33,030 | $ | 26,846
Net sales | 89,844 | 91,844 | 74,246
Net income (loss) margin | 2 | % | 2 | % | (10.1 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin (a) | 36 | % | 36 | % | 36.2 | % (a) | See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” 11 Table of Contents (b) | Represents a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation under the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Program (“AMJP”). (c) | Represents third party transaction-related costs for acquisitions comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. (d) | Represents the non-cash compensation expense recognized by the Company for our restricted equity unit awards. (e) | Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into our operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. Corporate Conversion Prior to April 16, 2024, we operated as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Loar Holdings, LLC. On April 16, 2024, we
converted to a Delaware corporation and changed our name to Loar Holdings Inc. In the conversion, all of our outstanding equity interests were converted into shares of common stock. The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to reorganize our
structure so that the entity that is offering our common stock to the public in this offering is a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that our existing investors and new investors in this offering will own our common stock
rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. Summary of Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described in “Risk
Factors” before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our
common stock may decline and you may lose part or all of your investment. Below is a summary of some of the principal risks we face: • | our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry; • | we rely heavily on certain customers for a significant portion of our sales; • | we have in the past consummated acquisitions and intend to continue to pursue acquisitions, and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations; • | we depend on our executive officers, senior management team and highly trained employees and any work stoppage, difficulty hiring similar employees, or ineffective succession planning could adversely affect our business; • | our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us; • | our business depends on the availability and pricing of certain components and raw materials from suppliers; • | our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production; • | our business may be adversely affected if we were to lose our government or industry approvals, if more stringent government regulations were enacted or if industry oversight were to increase; • | our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers’ planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers’ profitability, and these items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions; • | technology failures or cyber security breaches or other unauthorized access to our information technology systems or sensitive or proprietary information could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations; 12 Table of Contents • | our inability to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property or defend against assertions of infringement could prevent or restrict our ability to compete; • | we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations; • | tariffs on certain imports to the United States and other potential changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition; • | our indebtedness, which is subject to variable interest rates, could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business; • | to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations; • | after the completion of this offering, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will directly control a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future; and • | the other factors discussed under “Risk Factors.” Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act. As a result, we are permitted
to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other companies that are not emerging growth companies. Accordingly, in this prospectus, we (i) have presented only two years of audited financial
statements; and (ii) have not included a compensation discussion and analysis of our executive compensation programs. In addition, for so long as we are an emerging growth company, among other exemptions, we will: • | not be required to engage an independent registered public accounting firm to report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; • | not be required to comply with the requirement in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard 3101, The Auditor’s Report on an Audit of Financial Statements When the Auditor Expresses an Unqualified Opinion, to communicate critical audit matters in the auditor’s report; • | be permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our periodic reports and registration statements, including in this prospectus; • | not be required to disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer’s compensation to median employee compensation; or • | not be required to submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as “say-on-pay,” “say-on-frequency,” and “say-on-golden parachutes.” We will remain an “emerging growth
company” until the earliest to occur of: • | our reporting of $1.235 billion or more in annual gross revenue; • | our becoming a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; 13 Table of Contents • | our issuance, in any three-year period, of more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and • | the fiscal year end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this initial public offering. The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), also permits an emerging growth company
such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. Our Corporate Information We currently
operate as a Delaware corporation under the name Loar Holdings Inc., which is a holding company that holds all of the equity interests of Loar Group Inc., the entity which directly and indirectly holds all of the equity interests in our operating
subsidiaries. Loar Holdings, LLC was formed August 21, 2017. Loar Holdings, LLC became a Delaware corporation on April 16, 2024 and changed its name to Loar Holdings Inc. in the Corporate Conversion. The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to reorganize our structure so that the entity that is offering our common stock to the public in
this offering is a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that our existing investors and new investors in this offering will own our common stock rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. Our principal offices are located at 20 New King Street, White Plains, New York 10604. Our telephone number is 914-909-1311. We maintain a website at loargroup.com. The reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. The information contained on, or
that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this prospectus. 14 Table of Contents Simplified Ownership Structure The diagram below depicts our organizational structure and ownership after giving effect to this offering, excluding certain dormant or
inactive entities. Each of our subsidiaries is wholly-owned by its immediate parent. For more information, see “Principal Stockholders.” 15 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Issuer | Loar Holdings Inc. Common stock offered by us | 11,000,000 (or 12,650,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full). Option to purchase additional shares of our common stock | We have granted the underwriters a 30-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional shares of our common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts, and commissions. Common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering | 88,000,000 shares (or 89,650,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full ). Use of proceeds | The net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $283.1 million (or approximately $326.1 million, if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full), based upon the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share, and after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering for repayment of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement and for general corporate purposes, including working capital. See “Use of Proceeds.” Voting | Upon the completion of this offering, investors purchasing common stock in this offering will own approximately 13% of our common stock (or approximately 14%, if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full), Abrams Capital will own approximately 44% of our common stock (or approximately 43% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full), GPV Loar LLC will own approximately 11% of our common stock (or approximately 11% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full), Dirkson Charles will own approximately 6% of our common stock (or approximately 5% if underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full) and Brett Milgrim will own approximately 5% of our common stock (or approximately 5% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock in full). Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will control a majority of the voting power of shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards 16 Table of Contents of the NYSE. Dirkson Charles is our President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director and Brett Milgrim is our Executive Co-Chairman and Director. See “Management—Controlled Company Status” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transaction—Voting Agreement.” Dividend policy | We have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, legal, tax, regulatory, and contractual restrictions, including restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness, and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. See “Dividend Policy.” Directed Share Program | At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 660,000 shares of our common stock, or 6% of the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share program to certain of our non-employee directors and employees. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other shares offered by this prospectus. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC will administer our directed share program. See “Underwriting—Directed Share Program” for additional information. Risk factors | Investing in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 22 for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before investing in shares of our common stock. Proposed trading symbol | “LOAR” The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding following this offering is based on
77,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 16, 2024 and excludes 9,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our new Loar Holdings Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2024 Plan”),
which became effective on April 16, 2024, as well as any future increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2024 Plan. Unless we indicate otherwise or the context otherwise requires, this prospectus reflects and assumes: • | no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock; and • | an initial public offering price of $28.00 per share of our common stock. 17 Table of Contents SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following tables summarize our consolidated financial data. The summary consolidated statements of operations and cash flows data for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary
consolidated financial data in this section are not intended to replace the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus and are qualified in their entirety by the consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected in the future. You should read the summary historical financial data below in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Statements of Operations Data (in thousands):
Net sales | $ | 317,477 | $ | 239,434
Cost of sales | 163,213 | 127,934
Gross profit | 154,264 | 111,500
Selling, general and administrative expenses | 82,141 | 66,536
Transaction expenses | 3,394 | 6,365
Other income | 762 | 861
Operating income | 69,491 | 39,460
Interest expense, net | 67,054 | 42,071
Income (loss) before income taxes | 2,437 | (2,611 | )
Income tax (provision) benefit | (7,052 | ) | 142
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Unit:
Net loss per common unit | $ | (22,620.18 | ) | $ | (12,101.03 | )
Weighted-average number of common units outstanding | 204 | 204
Other Financial Data (in thousands except percentages):
Cash flows provided by (used in):
Operating activities | $ | 12,813 | $ | 13,270
Investing activities | (72,557 | ) | (181,833 | )
Financing activities | 45,717 | 135,305
Depreciation | 9,938 | 8,882
Amortization of intangible and other long-term assets | 28,086 | 25,074
Capital expenditures | (12,134 | ) | (7,934 | )
Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired | (60,423 | ) | (173,899 | )
EBITDA (1) | 107,515 | 73,416
Adjusted EBITDA (1) | 112,743 | 83,273
Net loss margin | (1.4 | )% | (1.0 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) | 35.5 | % | 34.8 | % (1) | References to “EBITDA” mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, references to “Adjusted EBITDA” mean EBITDA plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set 18 Table of Contents forth in the reconciliations of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, and references to “Adjusted EBITDA Margin” refer to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. We present EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance. In addition, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to review and assess the performance of the management team in connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. Moreover, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA of target companies to evaluate acquisitions. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the uses of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in lieu of net loss, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our uses of the terms EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may vary from the uses of similar terms by other companies in our industry and accordingly may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are reconciled as follows (in thousands except percentages): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Adjustments:
Interest expense, net | 67,054 | 42,071
Income tax provision (benefit) | 7,052 | (142 | )
Operating income | 69,491 | 39,460
Depreciation | 9,938 | 8,882
Amortization | 28,086 | 25,074
EBITDA | 107,515 | 73,416
Adjustments:
Recognition of inventory step-up (a) | 603 | 704
Other income (b) | (762 | ) | (861 | )
Transaction expenses (c) | 3,394 | 6,365
Stock-based compensation (d) | 372 | 1,526
Acquisition integration costs (e) | 1,621 | 1,913
COVID-19-related expenses (f) | — | 210
Adjusted EBITDA | $112,743 | $ | 83,273
Net sales | $317,477 | $ | 239,434
Net loss margin | (1.4 | )% | (1.0 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 35.5 | % | 34.8 | % (a) | Represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses that were charged to cost of sales when inventory was sold. (b) | Represents a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation under the AMJP. (c) | Represents transaction-related costs for acquisitions comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. (d) | Represents the non-cash compensation expense recognized by the Company for our restricted equity unit awards. (e) | Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into Loar’s operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. (f) | Represents incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic dissipates and are clearly separable from normal operations (for example, additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements and COVID sick pay). 19 Table of Contents The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the time periods indicated (in thousands unless otherwise indicated): Year Ended | Twelve Months Ended Dec. 31, 2017 (1) | Oct. 2, 2017 through Dec. 31, 2017 (1) | Jan. 1, 2017 through Oct. 1, 2017 (1) | Year Ended
Dec. 31, 2021 | Dec. 31, 2020 | Dec. 31, 2019 | Dec. 31, 2018 | Dec. 31, 2016 | Dec. 31, 2015 | Dec. 31, 2014 | Dec. 31, 2013 | Dec. 31, 2012
(Successor) | (Predecessor)
Net (loss) income | $ | (5,354 | ) | $ | (17,052 | ) | $ | (4,152 | ) | $ | (5,721 | ) | $ | (7,063 | ) | $ | (3,409 | ) | $ | (3,654 | ) | $ | (122 | ) | $ | 1,278 | $ | 6,075 | $ | (1,058 | ) | $ | (2,404 | )
Adjustments:
Income tax provision (benefit) | (2,599 | ) | (2,147 | ) | 774 | (1,101 | ) | (13,228 | ) | (12,414 | ) | (814 | ) | 499 | 685 | (2,382 | ) | 105 | 160
Interest expense, net | 31,637 | 32,864 | 29,304 | 16,846 | 10,610 | 3,817 | 6,793 | 8,933 | 981 | 15 | 10 | 14
Loss on extinguishment of debt (a) | — | — | — | — | 5,233 | — | 5,233 | — | — | — | — | —
Foreign exchange gain (b) | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (72 | ) | — | — | — | —
Gain on insurance recoveries (c) | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (150 | ) | — | —
Operating income (loss) | 23,684 | 13,665 | 25,926 | 10,024 | (4,448 | ) | (12,006 | ) | 7,558 | 9,238 | 2,944 | 3,558 | (943 | ) | (2,230 | )
Depreciation | 9,143 | 8,622 | 7,879 | 7,256 | 5,390 | 1,937 | 3,453 | 5,073 | 2,163 | 2,028 | 1,416 | 399
Amortization | 23,550 | 22,429 | 21,919 | 16,405 | 8,399 | 4,613 | 3,786 | 4,795 | 1,246 | 906 | 1,385 | 817
EBITDA | 56,377 | 44,716 | 55,724 | 33,685 | 9,341 | (5,456 | ) | 14,797 | 19,106 | 6,353 | 6,492 | 1,858 | (1,014 | )
Adjustments:
Recognition of inventory step-up (d) | 740 | 3,241 | 2,001 | 1,162 | 6,929 | 6,441 | 488 | 1,385 | 414 | 160 | 666 | 1,341
Other (income) loss (e) | 396 | (1,663 | ) | — | (3,521 | ) | 2,313 | — | 2,313 | (500 | ) | — | — | — | —
Transaction expenses (f) | 804 | 2,001 | 2,811 | 2,135 | 10,074 | 7,482 | 2,592 | 1,416 | 1,840 | — | 688 | 664
Stock-based compensation (g) | 1,686 | 1,686 | 1,686 | 1,665 | 934 | 381 | 553 | 247 | 189 | 189 | 166 | 101
Acquisition integration costs (h) | 642 | 405 | 931 | 2,406 | 1,101 | 288 | 813 | 197 | 451 | 21 | 21 | —
COVID-19 related expenses (i) | 147 | 399 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Management service agreement fees and expenses (j) | — | — | — | — | 843 | — | 843 | 1,157 | 616 | 567 | 454 | 554
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 60,792 | $ | 50,785 | $ | 63,153 | $ | 37,532 | $ | 31,535 | $ | 9,136 | $ | 22,399 | $ | 23,008 | $ | 9,863 | $ | 7,429 | $ | 3,853 | $ | 1,646
Net sales | $ | 188,897 | $ | 164,564 | $ | 182,623 | $ | 112,572 | $ | 94,346 | $ | 26,179 | $ | 68,167 | $ | 75,780 | $ | 42,371 | $ | 39,240 | $ | 22,983 | $ | 8,923
Net (loss) income margin | (2.8 | )% | (10.4 | )% | (2.3 | )% | (5.1 | )% | (7.5 | )% | (13.0 | )% | (5.4 | )% | (0.2 | )% | 3.0 | % | 15.5 | % | (4.6 | )% | (26.9 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 32.2 | % | 30.9 | % | 34.6 | % | 33.3 | % | 33.4 | % | 34.9 | % | 32.9 | % | 30.4 | % | 23.3 | % | 18.9 | % | 16.8 | % | 18.4 | % (1) | For the period January 1, 2017 through October 1, 2017 (“Predecessor Period”), the Company is referred to as the “Predecessor.” For the period October 2, 2017 through December 31, 2017 (“Successor Period”), the Company is referred to as “Successor.” The Company applied pushdown accounting to the transaction. Due to the application of push-down accounting, different bases of accounting have been used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in the Predecessor Period and Successor Period. A black line separates the Predecessor Period and Successor Period to highlight the lack of comparability between these two bases of accounting. The Successor Period includes the accounts of Loar Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries. The Predecessor Period includes the accounts of Loar Group Inc. Intercompany accounts and transactions between consolidated entities have been eliminated. (a) | Represents the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the extinguishment of debt. (b) | Represents foreign exchange gains related to an overseas distribution center. (c) | Represents insurance proceeds on property losses. (d) | Represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses that were charged to cost of sales when inventory was sold. (e) | Amounts represent income or losses not related to operations. The impact for the year ended December 31, 2021 represented certain long-lived asset write-offs of $1.4 million, partially offset by a government grant of $1.0 million. The impact for the year ended December 31, 2020 represented a government grant and a gain on sale of assets of $1.0 million and $0.7 million, respectively. The impact for the year ended December 31, 2018 is primarily attributable to contingent consideration payments for performance targets achieved post-acquisition. The impact for the 10 months ended October 1, 2017 represented an impairment of certain long-lived assets. The impact for the year ended December 31, 2016 represented a reversal of accrued contingency consideration related to unmet performance targets post-acquisition. (f) | Represents transaction-related costs for acquisitions comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. (g) | Represents the non-cash compensation expense recognized by the Company for restricted equity unit awards. (h) | Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into Loar’s operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. (i) | Represents incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic dissipates and are clearly separable from normal operations (for example, additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements and COVID sick pay). 20 Table of Contents (j) | Management service agreement fees and expenses paid to former owner. Year Ended December 31,
2023
Pro Forma Per Share Data (2) :
Pro Forma net income (loss) per share:
Basic | $(0.06)
Diluted | $(0.06)
Pro Forma weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share:
Basic | 77,000,000
Diluted | 77,000,000 (2) | Unaudited pro forma per share information for the year ended December 31, 2023 gives effect to the Corporate Conversion. In conjunction with the Corporate Conversion, which occurred April 16, 2024, all of our outstanding equity interests were converted into shares of common stock. This pro forma data is presented for informational purposes only and does not purport to represent what our net income (loss) or net income (loss) per share actually would have been had the offering and use of proceeds therefrom occurred on January 1, 2023 or to project our net income (loss) or net income (loss) per share for any future period. As of December 31, 2023
Actual | Pro Forma (3) (unaudited) | Pro Forma As Adjusted (4) (unaudited)
Balance Sheet Data (in thousands):
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 21,489 | $ | 21,489 | $ | 21,489
Total assets | 1,050,445 | 1,050,445 | 1,050,445
Total liabilities | 632,304 | 632,304 | 349,248
Member’s / Stockholders’ equity (5) | 418,141 | 418,141 | 701,197 (3) | Pro forma gives effect to the Corporate Conversion. (4) | Reflects our sale of 11,000,000 shares of common stock in this offering at the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share, and after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by us and the application of the net proceeds of this offering as set forth under “Use of Proceeds.” (5) | See “Capitalization.” 21 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, including in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in our
audited financial statements and the related notes. These material risks and uncertainties could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may impair our
business operations and financial condition. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Strategy Our
business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry. During a prolonged period of significant market
disruption in the aerospace and defense industry, such as the adverse impact the COVID-19 pandemic had on the commercial aerospace market, and other macroeconomic factors such as when recessions occur, our
business may be disproportionately impacted compared to companies that are more diversified in the industries they serve. A more diversified company with significant sales and earnings derived from outside the aerospace and defense sector may be
able to recover more quickly from significant market disruptions. We rely heavily on certain customers for a significant portion of our sales. Our customers are concentrated in the aerospace industry. Our two largest customers accounted for approximately 24% of net sales
during the year ended December 31, 2023. A material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including, but not limited to, general economic or aerospace market downturn, decreased production, strike, or
resourcing, or the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We have in the past consummated acquisitions and intend to continue to pursue acquisitions. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot
consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. A significant portion
of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. We
intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. However, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or
assets on acceptable terms or at all, including due to a failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals. In addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. Because we may actively pursue a number of
opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight. We regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. If we consummate an acquisition, our
capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. Future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic
impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs. 22 Table of Contents The businesses we acquire may not perform in accordance with expectations and our business
judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove incorrect. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. The successful integration of new
businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and bring operating and compliance standards to levels consistent with our existing businesses. Assimilating operations and products may be unexpectedly difficult. The successful
integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to serve and attract customers, develop new products and
services or attend to other acquisition opportunities. Additional potential risks include that we may lose key employees, customers or vendors of an acquired business, and we may become subject to preexisting liabilities and obligations of the
acquired businesses. We depend on our executive officers, senior management team and highly trained employees, and any work stoppage, difficulty
hiring similar employees, or ineffective succession planning could adversely affect our business. Because our products are highly
engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. Historically, substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aerospace and defense industry has existed, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. We may
not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel. We may not be able to continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a
competitive labor market, and currently significant inflationary and other pressures on wages exist. Although we believe that our
relations with our employees are satisfactory, we may not be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements, satisfy workers councils, or maintain stable employee relations. Because we strive to limit the volume of
finished goods inventory, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers. In
addition, our success depends in part on our ability to attract and motivate our senior management and key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions,
competitors’ hiring practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense. If we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of key personnel, senior management and our
executive officers, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Because our operations are
conducted through our subsidiaries, we are dependent on the receipt of distributions and dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries for cash to fund our operations and expenses and future dividend payments, if any. Our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make future dividend payments, if any, is dependent on the
earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will be contingent upon our subsidiaries’
earnings and other business considerations and may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. We do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, if we determine in the future to pay
dividends on our common stock, the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us. We may need to raise additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. To satisfy existing obligations and support the development of our business, we depend on our ability to generate cash flow from operations
and to borrow funds. We may require additional financing for liquidity, 23 Table of Contents capital requirements or growth initiatives. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms and at interest rates that are favorable to us or at all. Any inability by us to obtain financing in
the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition,
if we were to undertake a substantial acquisition for cash, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in part through additional financing from banks, through offerings of debt or equity securities or through other arrangements. Such
acquisition financing might decrease our net loss, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, net loss margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin and adversely affect our leverage. We cannot assure you that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on
acceptable terms if and when required. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in budgetary priorities of the U.S. Government. Because a significant percentage of our revenue is derived either directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. Government,
changes in federal government budgetary priorities could directly affect our financial performance. A significant decline in government expenditures, a shift of expenditures away from programs that we support or a change in federal government
contracting policies could cause federal government agencies to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts at any time without penalty or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which could
result in decreased sales of our products. We generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. Further, when we enter into fixed
price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns. As is customary in our business, we do not
generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. Although we have long-term contracts with many of our OEM customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts
on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. In addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers
and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize, which could result in excess inventory, inventory write- downs, or lower margins. We also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work
for a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. This risk is greater in a high inflationary environment. Sometimes we accept a fixed-price
contract for a product that we have not yet produced, and this increases the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. Some of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw
material prices, taxes or labor costs. Risks Related to Our Operations Our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us. Our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, as well as manufacturers of business jets have historically experienced periodic
downturns. In the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, interest rates, downturns in the global economy and national and international
events. In addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. In recent years, such as in 2021 and the second half of 2020, we experienced decreased sales across
the commercial OEM sector, driven primarily by the decrease in production by Boeing and Airbus related to reduced demand in the commercial aerospace industry from the COVID-19 pandemic, and airlines deferring
or cancelling orders. Regulatory and quality challenges could also have an adverse impact. Downturns adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 24 Table of Contents Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing new
products to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when a new product is introduced. A reduction in capital spending in the aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products,
which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance or results of operations. Our business depends on the availability and pricing of
certain components and raw materials from suppliers. Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials
and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers’ facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a
work stoppage or strike by our suppliers’ employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases
to our customers. We currently are experiencing supply shortages and inflationary pressures for certain components and raw materials that
are important to our manufacturing process. Expected growth in the global economy may exacerbate these pressures on us and our suppliers, and we expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future. Because we
strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business would be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities and at the times we require or on
favorable terms. Although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive process to obtain aviation authority and OEM certifications for aerospace
products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities,
which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. Our operations and those of our customers and
suppliers have been and may again be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. Some of our
manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may experience earthquakes or be impacted by severe weather events, such as increased storm frequency or severity in the Atlantic and fires in hotter and drier climates. These could result in
potential damage to our physical assets as well as disruptions in manufacturing activities. Some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that may be at risk due to rising sea levels. Moreover, some of our manufacturing facilities are
located in areas that could experience decreased access to water due to climate issues, including, but not limited to, our facilities in California. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures,
terrorist attacks and similar events. Disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. Should insurance or
other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and
cash flows. Our business may be adversely affected if we were to lose our government or industry approvals, if more stringent government
regulations were enacted or if industry oversight were to increase. The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the U.S. and in
other countries. In order to sell our products, we and the products we manufacture must be certified by the FAA, the DOD and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. If new and more stringent government regulations are
adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. In addition, if any existing material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our
business would be adversely affected. 25 Table of Contents We are at times required to obtain approval to export our products from U.S. Government
agencies and similar agencies elsewhere in the world. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”), the Export Administration Regulations
(“EAR”) and the sanctions administered by the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). EAR restricts the export of commercial and dual-use products and technical data to certain countries, while ITAR restricts the export of defense products, technical data and defense services. Failure to obtain approval to export, or a determination by the U.S. Government or similar agencies elsewhere in the world from which we
failed to receive required approvals or licenses, could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the United States or another country of origin, and the penalties that could be imposed by the U.S. Government or other applicable
government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant. Our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our
customers’ planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers’ profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions. Our commercial business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in RPKs, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, the
percentage of the fleet that is out-of-warranty and changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. RPKs and airline profitability have historically
been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role. For example, in addition to the COVID-19 pandemic and the adverse impact it had on the
airline industry, past examples in which the airline industry has been negatively affected include downturns in the global economy, higher fuel prices, increased security concerns among airline customers following the events of September 11,
2001, the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (also known as “SARS”) epidemic, and conflicts abroad. Future geopolitical or other worldwide events, such as war, terrorist acts, or additional worldwide infectious disease outbreaks could also
impact our customers and our sales to them. In addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging due to turbulence in
the U.S. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. As a result of the substantial reduction in airline traffic resulting from the aforementioned events, the airline industry incurred large
losses and financial difficulties. Some carriers parked or retired a portion of their fleets and reduced workforces and flights. During periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to
deplete existing inventories, and delay refurbishments and discretionary spending. If demand for spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain products. An adverse change in demand would impact our results of operations,
collection of accounts receivable and our expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses which may adversely impact our financial condition and access to capital markets. Technology failures or cyber security breaches or other unauthorized access to our information technology systems or sensitive or proprietary
information could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations. We rely on information technology systems
to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, suppliers and vendors depends on information technology and we rely on access to such
information systems for our operations. Additionally, we rely on third-party service vendors to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology systems and infrastructure. The security measures in place may not prevent
disruptions, failures, computer viruses or other malicious codes, malware or ransomware incidents, unauthorized access attempts, theft of intellectual property, trade secrets, or other corporate assets, denial of service attacks, phishing, hacking
by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social activist (“hacktivist”) organizations, and other cyber-attacks or other privacy or security breaches in the information technology, phone systems or other systems
(whether due to third-party action, bugs or 26 Table of Contents vulnerabilities, physical break-ins, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise) of the Company, our customers or third parties, which could adversely affect
our communications and business operations. Further, events such as natural disasters, fires, power outages, systems failures, telecommunications failures, employee error or malfeasance or other catastrophic events could similarly cause
interruptions, disruptions or shutdowns, or exacerbate the risk of the failures described above. These risks may be increased as more employees work from home. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent or
detect rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks and other security risks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers, suppliers or vendors, or others who have entrusted us with information. To date, the Company has not experienced any material
impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks. However, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume, persistence and sophistication of the attacks, the Company may
be adversely impacted in the future. Because such techniques change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or implement sufficient control measures to defend against these techniques. Once a security incident is identified, we may be unable to remediate or otherwise respond to such an incident in a timely manner. While the Company has policies
and procedures in place, including system monitoring and data back-up processes to prevent or mitigate the effects of these potential disruptions or breaches, security breaches and other disruptions to
information technology systems could interfere with our operations. Any failure to maintain, or disruption to, our information technology systems, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation, subject the
Company to legal claims and proceedings or remedial actions, create risks of violations of data privacy laws and regulations, and cause us to incur substantial additional costs. Existing or emerging threats may have an adverse impact on our systems
or communications networks and, further, technological enhancements to prevent business interruptions could require increased spending. Furthermore, security breaches pose a risk to confidential data and intellectual property, which could result in
damage to our competitiveness and reputation. The costs, potential monetary damages, and operational consequences of responding to cyber incidents and implementing remediation measures may not be covered by any insurance that we may carry from time
to time. We cannot predict the degree of any impact that increased monitoring, assessing, or reporting of cybersecurity matters would have on operations, financial conditions and results. Additionally, in connection with our global operations, we, from time to time, transmit data across national borders to conduct our business
and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, processing, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal
data, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, Personal Information Protection Law in China and similar regulations in states within the United States and in countries around the world. Our efforts to comply with privacy and
data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time. From time to time, we may
implement new technology systems or replace and/or upgrade our current information technology systems. These upgrades or replacements may not improve our productivity to the levels anticipated and may subject us to inherent costs and risks
associated with implementing, replacing, and updating these systems, including potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and other risks of delays or difficulties in
transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into other existing systems. Technology failures or cyber security breaches or other
unauthorized access to information technology systems of our customers, suppliers or vendors could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations. We rely on direct electronic interfaces with some of our key customers, suppliers and vendors. Cyber security breaches or technology failures
at our customers could result in changes to timing and volume of orders. Additionally cyber security breaches or technology failures at our suppliers or vendors could impact the timing or availability of key materials that could negatively impact
our ability to deliver products to our customers. 27 Table of Contents We could incur substantial costs as a result of data protection concerns. The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S. and Europe, including, but not limited to, the General Data Protection
Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), and elsewhere are uncertain and evolving. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data
practices. Complying with these various laws is difficult and could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Further, although we have implemented internal controls and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with the GDPR, CCPA and other privacy-related laws, rules and regulations (collectively, the “Data Protection Laws”), our controls and procedures may not enable us to be fully compliant with all
Data Protection Laws. Our inability to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property or defend against assertions of infringement could
prevent or restrict our ability to compete. We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets and proprietary knowledge and
technology, both internally developed and acquired, in order to maintain a competitive advantage. Our inability to protect and defend against the unauthorized use of these rights and assets could have an adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. Our proprietary rights in the United States or abroad may not be adequate and others may develop technologies similar or superior to our technology or design around our proprietary rights. Litigation may be necessary to
protect our intellectual property rights or defend against claims of infringement. This litigation could result in significant costs and divert our management’s focus away from operations. Price inflation for labor and materials, further exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, could adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. We generally experienced price inflation in our costs for labor and materials, such as
aluminum, nickel, and titanium during the years 2022 and 2023, which adversely affected our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to pass through inflationary cost increases under our existing fixed-price
contracts. Our ability to raise prices to reflect increased costs may be limited by competitive conditions in the market for our products and services. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and prolonged conflict there, as well as the conflict between
Israel and Hamas may result in increased inflation, escalating energy and commodity prices and increasing costs of materials. We continue to work to mitigate such pressures on our business operations as they develop. To the extent the war in Ukraine
and the conflict between Israel and Hamas adversely affect our business as discussed above, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein, such as those relating to cybersecurity, supply chain, volatility in
prices and market conditions, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. U.S. military spending is dependent upon
the U.S. defense budget. A significant portion of our net sales is generated from the military aerospace market. The military and
defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the DOD budget. In addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the U.S. Government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. DOD
budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy as a result of the presidential election or otherwise, the U.S. Government’s budget deficits, spending priorities (for
example, shifting funds to efforts to combat the impact of the pandemic or efforts to assist Ukraine in the Russia and Ukraine conflict), the cost of sustaining the U.S. military presence internationally, possible political pressure to reduce U.S.
Government military spending and the ability of the U.S. government to enact appropriations bills and other relevant legislation, each of which could cause the DOD budget to remain unchanged or to decline. In recent years, the U.S. Government has
been unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in both governmental shutdowns and continuing resolutions providing only enough funds for U.S. Government agencies to continue operating at prior-year levels.
Further, if the U.S. government debt ceiling is not raised and the national debt reaches the statutory 28 Table of Contents debt ceiling, the U.S. government could default on its debts. A significant decline in U.S. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various
agencies and buying organizations of the U.S. Government. Contracting in the defense industry is subject to significant regulation, including rules
related to bidding, billing and accounting kickbacks and false claims, and any non-compliance could subject us to fines and penalties or possible debarment. Like all government contractors, we are subject to risks associated with this contracting. These risks include the potential for substantial
civil and criminal fines and penalties. These fines and penalties could be imposed for failing to follow procurement integrity and bidding rules, employing improper billing practices or otherwise failing to follow cost accounting standards,
receiving or paying kickbacks or filing false claims. We have been, and expect to continue to be, subjected to audits and investigations by government agencies. The failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts could harm our business
reputation, which could significantly reduce our sales and earnings. It could also result in our suspension or debarment from future government contracts, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows. We are subject to certain unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment to the U.S. Government. Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. Government agencies, whether through direct contracts with the
U.S. Government or as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the U.S. Government, are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. These risks include the ability of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: • | suspend us from receiving new contracts based on alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations; • | terminate existing contracts; • | revoke required security clearances; • | reduce the value of existing contracts; and • | audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. U.S. Government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. Government at its convenience without significant notice. Termination for convenience
provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. For contracts for which the price is based on cost, the U.S. Government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and
general business practices. Based on the results of such audits, the U.S. Government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. In addition, under U.S. Government purchasing regulations, some of our costs,
including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement. If a government inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or
administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with U.S. Government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, U.S. Government purchasing regulations contain a number of
operational requirements that apply to entities engaged in government contracting. Failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s results of operations. 29 Table of Contents Our operations outside of the United States are subject to additional risks. Our net sales to foreign customers were approximately $104 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which represent approximately
33% of our total net sales. A number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including global health crises, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in
obtaining export and import licenses, the risk of government financed competition, currency fluctuations, sanctions and war. See “—Risks Related to Financial Matters—Tariffs on certain imports to the United States and other potential
changes to U.S. tariff and import/ export regulations may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition.” In addition, if the laws regarding the repatriation of funds were to
change in ways we do not currently expect, we may incur foreign taxes to repatriate these funds, which would reduce the net amount ultimately available to us. See “—Risks Related to Financial Matters—We may be subject to risks
relating to changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.” Issues with the global supply chain can also
arise due to some of the aforementioned risks, as well as the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport
security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import. Such issues are often beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Furthermore,
the Company is subject to laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and similar local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper
payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject the Company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial
position and cash flows. We are monitoring the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related export controls and financial
and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, including the aviation sector, and parties in Russia by the U.S., the UK, the European Union and others, as well as the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Although these conflicts have not
resulted in a direct material adverse impact on our business to date, the implications of the Russia and Ukraine conflict and the Israel and Hamas conflict in the short-term and long-term are difficult to predict at this time. Factors such as
increased energy costs, increased freight costs, the availability of certain raw materials for aircraft manufacturers, embargoes on flights from Russian airlines, sanctions on Russian companies, and the stability of Ukrainian customers could impact
the global economy and aviation sector. We face significant competition. We operate in a highly competitive global industry. Competitors in our product lines are both U.S. and foreign companies and range in size
from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities. Our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service
and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. If we are unable to adapt to technological
change, demand for our products may be reduced. The technologies related to our products have undergone, and in the future may
undergo, significant changes. To succeed in the future, we must continue to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new products and enhancements, and we may not be able to do so successfully, if at all, or on a timely, cost
effective, or repeatable basis. Our competitors may develop technologies and products that are more effective than those we develop or that render our technology and products obsolete or noncompetitive. Furthermore, our products could become
unmarketable if new industry standards emerge. We may need to modify our products significantly in the future to remain competitive, and new products we introduce may not be accepted by our customers. 30 Table of Contents Regulations designed to address climate change may result in additional compliance costs. Our operations and the products we sell are currently subject to rules limiting emissions and to other climate-related regulations in certain
jurisdictions where we operate. The increased prevalence of global climate change concerns may result in new regulations that may negatively impact us, our suppliers and customers. We are continuing to evaluate short-, medium- and long-term risks
related to climate change. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found
to exist. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers, in which case, the costs of raw materials and component parts could
increase. Regulation that would have a material adverse impact on air travel could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our
business. Given the political significance and uncertainty around these issues, we cannot predict how legislation, regulation, and increased awareness of these issues will affect our operations and financial condition. Failure to maintain a level of corporate social responsibility could damage our reputation and could adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. In light of evolving expectations around corporate social responsibility, our reputation could be
adversely impacted by a failure (or perceived failure) to maintain a level of corporate social responsibility. In today’s environment, an allegation or perception regarding quality, safety, or corporate social responsibility can negatively
impact our reputation. This may include, without limitation: failure to maintain certain ethical, social and environmental practices for our operations and activities, or failure to require our suppliers or other third parties to do so; our
environmental impact, including our impact on the environment, greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks, renewable energy, water stewardship and waste management; responsible sourcing in our supply chain; the practices of our employees,
agents, customers, suppliers, or other third parties (including others in our industry) with respect to any of the foregoing, actual or perceived; the failure to be perceived as appropriately addressing matters of social responsibility, including
matters related to diversity, equality and inclusion; consumer perception of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents, customers, suppliers, or other third parties (including others in our industry); or our responses to any of the
foregoing. A number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions or requirements that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such
provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and conditions. An increasing number of investors are also requiring companies to disclose corporate, social and environmental policies, practices and metrics. If we are unable to comply with, or
are unable to cause our suppliers to comply with such policies, or meet the requirements of our customers and investors, a customer may stop purchasing products from us or an investor may sell their shares, and may take legal action against us,
which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. Further, we may be subject to rulemaking regarding corporate social responsibility and/or disclosure, as public awareness and focus on social and environmental issues has led to
legislative and regulatory efforts to impose increase regulations and require further disclosure. As a result, we may become subject to new or more stringent regulations, legislation or other governmental requirements, customer requirements or
industry standards and/or an increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to such matters. Increased regulations, customer requirements or industry standards, including around climate change concerns, could subject us to additional costs and
restrictions and require us to make certain changes to our manufacturing practices and/or product designs, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Negative publicity could damage our brand reputation, particularly at the subsidiary level, and negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. To continue to be successful, we must continue to preserve, grow and capitalize on the value of our brand in the marketplace.
Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. Even an 31 Table of Contents isolated incident, such as a high-profile product recall, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, can erode trust and confidence, particularly if such incident or
incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, and as a result, could tarnish our brand and lead to a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In particular, product quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our products. If our product offerings do
not meet applicable safety standards or customers’ expectations regarding safety or quality, or are alleged to have quality issues or to have caused personal injury or other damage, we could experience lower revenue and increased costs and be
exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. In addition, actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could result in costly product recalls. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters We could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern,
among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws
and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Estimates of the Company’s environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. These estimates take
into consideration the Company’s prior experience and professional judgment of the Company’s environmental advisors. Estimates of the Company’s environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and
extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, including changes in law and regulation, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may
be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation. The Company recorded an environmental liability in connection with its acquisition of AGC Acquisition LLC, for which it is not entitled to any
third-party recoveries. The facilities acquired as a part of the acquisition entered into the state of Connecticut’s voluntary remediation program in 2009 for environmental remediation of certain known contaminants. The Company had an
independent third-party evaluation of the facilities to determine the potential range of costs for remediation of the site. The balance of the environmental liability at December 31, 2023, was $1 million. Accordingly, as investigations and remediations proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the Company’s accruals will be necessary to
reflect new information. The amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in a given period. We may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business.
These actions and proceedings may involve claims for, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers’ compensation, employment discrimination, or breach of contract. In addition, we may be subject to class action
lawsuits, including those involving allegations of violations of consumer product statutes or the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws. Due to the 32 Table of Contents inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions or proceedings. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and
regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts in these types of lawsuits, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In
addition, plaintiffs in many types of actions may seek punitive damages, civil penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. These proceedings could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote
substantial resources to defend ourselves. The ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation, or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We could be adversely affected if one of our products causes an aircraft to crash. Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft product that we have
designed, manufactured or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims, our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be
adequate. We also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability not covered by insurance or for which third-party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us. In addition, a crash caused by one of our products could damage our reputation for quality products. We believe our customers consider safety
and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft products. If a crash were to be caused by one of our products, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and
attract customers may be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Financial Matters Tariffs on certain imports to the United States and other potential changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on
global economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition. We are subject to tariffs on imports of
steel and aluminum into the United States. As the implementation of tariffs is ongoing, more tariffs may be added in the future. While any steel and aluminum we use in our products is produced primarily in North America, the tariffs may provide
domestic steel and aluminum producers the flexibility to increase their prices, at least to a level where their products would still be priced below foreign competitors once the tariffs are taken into account. These tariffs could have an adverse
impact on our financial results, which include, but are not limited to, products we sell that include steel and aluminum, and if we are unable to pass such price increases through to our customers, it would likely increase our cost of sales and, as
a result, decrease our gross margins, operating income and net income. In addition, since 2018, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on each other’s imports. Certain aircraft parts and components that manufacturers of large commercial
aircraft procure are subject to these tariffs. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft. To date, the
impact of the tariffs has not been material to the Company. In response to the tariffs, a number of other countries are threatening to
impose tariffs on U.S. imports, which, if implemented, could increase the price of our products in these countries and may result in our customers looking to alternative sources for our products. This would result in decreased sales, which could
have a negative impact on our net income and financial condition. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 33 Table of Contents Our financial results of operations could be adversely affected by impairment of our goodwill or other
intangible assets. When we acquire a business, we record goodwill equal to the excess of the amount we pay for the business,
including liabilities assumed, over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the business we acquire. Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives must be evaluated at least annually for
impairment. The specific guidance for testing goodwill and other non-amortized intangible assets for impairment requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions when allocating goodwill to
reporting units and determining the fair value of reporting unit net assets and liabilities, including, among other things, an assessment of market conditions, projected cash flows, investment rates, cost of capital and growth rates, which could
significantly impact the reported value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Changes in our estimates and assumptions could adversely impact projected cash flows and the fair value of reporting units. Fair value is generally determined using a
combination of the discounted cashflow, market multiple and market capitalization valuation approaches. Absent any impairment indicators, we generally perform our evaluations annually in the fourth quarter, using available forecast information. Mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. Identifiable intangible
assets, which primarily include customer relationships, contract backlog, tradename, technology and favorable leases, were approximately $317 million as of December 31, 2023, net of accumulated amortization. Goodwill recognized in
accounting for the mergers and acquisitions was approximately $471 million as of December 31, 2023. We may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. If at any time we determine an impairment has
occurred, we are required to reflect the reduction in value as an expense within operating income, resulting in a reduction of earnings and a corresponding reduction in our net asset value in the period such impairment is identified. We may be subject to risks relating to changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S., Germany and the United Kingdom. The Company’s domestic and international tax liabilities are
dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. The Company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the Company’s effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, challenges by tax authorities or changes in tax laws or regulations. In addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the Company is subject to
ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include
unfavorable adjustments to the Company’s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. General Risks We face risks related to
health pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. A significant public health
crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain and distribution system, and have a long-term impact on our business. Numerous uncertainties have risen from the public health crises in
the past, including resurgences and the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to public health crises, the efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the
foregoing. Our ability to predict and respond to future changes resulting from potential health crises is uncertain. Even after a public health crisis subsides, there may be long-term effects on our business practices and customers in economies in
which we operate that could severely disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 34 Table of Contents The commercial aerospace industry, in particular, has been significantly disrupted, both
domestically and internationally, by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, “shelter in place” and “stay at
home” orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. As a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in the second half of 2020. If another public health crisis were to arise in the future, it may cause
similar disruptions. The recent COVID-19 pandemic has also disrupted the global supply chain and
availability of raw materials, particularly electronic parts. The disruption in the supply chain has resulted in increased freight costs, raw material costs and labor costs from the ongoing inflationary environment. Our business has been adversely
affected and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. Although we believe in most cases that we could
identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw
material or component part. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which a public health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, would impact our business, supply chain, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and
liquidity. Our stock price may be volatile, and an investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. There has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the operating
performance of the companies issuing the securities. These market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the
market price of our common stock. Such changes could be caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in OEM and
aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins. Or such changes could be unrelated to our operating performance, such as changes in market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace
companies or changes in the outlook for our common stock, such as changes to or the confidence in our business strategy, changes to or confidence in our management, or expectations for future growth of the Company. Global health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic could also cause significant volatility in the market price. Our future operating results will
be impacted by changes in global economic and political conditions. Our future operating results and liquidity are expected to be
impacted by changes in general economic and political conditions that may affect, among other things, the following: • | The availability of credit and our ability to obtain additional or renewed bank financing, the lack of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may limit our ability to invest in capital projects and planned expansions or to fully execute our business strategy; • | Market rates of interest, any increase in which would increase the interest payable on some of our borrowings and adversely impact our cash flow; • | Inflation, which has caused our suppliers to raise prices that we may not be able to pass on to our customers, which could adversely impact our business, including competitive position, market share and margins; • | The relationship between the U.S. dollar and other currencies, any adverse changes in which could negatively impact our financial results; • | The ability of our customers to pay for products and services on a timely basis, any adverse change in which could negatively impact sales and cash flows and require us to increase our bad debt reserves; 35 Table of Contents • | The volume of orders we receive from our customers, any adverse change in which could result in lower operating profits as well as less absorption of fixed costs due to a decreased business base; • | The ability of our suppliers to meet our demand requirements, maintain the pricing of their products or continue operations, any of which may require us to find and qualify new suppliers; • | The issuance and timely receipt of necessary export approvals, licenses and authorizations from the U.S. Government, the lack or untimely receipt of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; • | The political stability and leadership of countries where our customers and suppliers reside, including military activity, training and threat levels, any adverse changes in which could negatively impact our financial results, such as the effects of the ongoing war in Ukraine, which include adverse impacts on energy availability and prices, natural materials availability and pricing, sanctions, loss of company markets and financial market impacts; and • | The volatility in equity capital markets that may continue to adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which may affect our ability to fund our business through the sale of equity securities and retain key employees through our equity compensation plans. While general economic and political conditions have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance our operations to date, we
may experience future adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations or our ability to access capital. Upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
rules of the NYSE and, as a result, will qualify for, but do not currently intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to
such requirements. Upon completion of this offering, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will
directly control a majority of our voting power for election of directors pursuant to the Voting Agreement. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Further, Dirkson
Charles is our President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director and Brett Milgrim is our Executive Co-Chairman and Director. Under the NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or
another company is a “controlled company” and need not comply with certain requirements, including the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors and the requirements that our compensation and
nominating and governance committees be composed entirely of independent directors. Following this offering, we do not intend to utilize these exemptions. However, for so long as we qualify as a “controlled company,” we will maintain the
option to utilize some or all of these exemptions. If we utilize these exemptions, we may not have a majority of independent directors and our compensation and nominating and governance committees may not consist entirely of independent directors,
and such committees would not be subject to annual performance evaluations. Accordingly, in the event we elect to rely on these exemptions in the future, you would not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject
to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. See “Management—Controlled Company Status.” Risks Related to Our
Indebtedness Our indebtedness, which is subject to variable interest rates, could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our
ability to react to changes to our business. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2023, our
total indebtedness, excluding approximately $4 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, was approximately $539 million, consisting of borrowings under our Credit Agreement. 36 Table of Contents Our indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could: • | increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions; • | increase the risk we are subjected to downgrade or put on a negative watch by the ratings agencies; • | require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements; • | limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • | place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; • | negatively impact investors’ perception of us; • | impact our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions or to purchase, redeem or retire capital stock; and • | limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens. In
addition, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. As of December 31, 2023, there remained available under our Credit Agreement $47 million in a Delayed Draw Term Loans Commitment and a $20 million
Revolving Line of Credit. Although our Credit Agreement contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in
compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. Our Credit Agreement requires the maintenance of a quarterly leverage ratio. There are also certain non-financial covenants in place
limiting us, from, among other things, incurring other indebtedness, creating any liens on our properties, entering into merger or consolidation transactions, disposing of all or substantially all of our assets and payment of certain dividends and
distributions. In addition, our Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of the principal amount if there is excess cash flow, as defined, during a calendar year (commencing with the two-quarter period
beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022). A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under our Credit Agreement. Under our Credit Agreement, borrowings under the term loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans and the Revolving Line of Credit may be designated as
a SOFR rate loan or base rate loan at the option of the borrower. The interest rate on the SOFR rate loans accrue interest at the SOFR rate plus a margin of 7.25%. The interest rate on the base rate loans accrue interest at the base rate plus a
margin of 6.25%. The weighted average interest rate for all outstanding loans under our Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023, and the annual effective interest rate under our Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023. In
addition, the unused portion of the Revolving Line of Credit carries a commitment fee of 0.50%. Accordingly, if SOFR or other variable interest rates increase, our debt service expense will also increase. Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors, and any failure to meet our debt
service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and
to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that
are beyond our control. 37 Table of Contents Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings
may not be available to us under our Credit Agreement or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or
delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. These remedies may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance
our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further
restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. The
terms of our Credit Agreement restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. Our Credit Agreement contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and limit
our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The Credit Agreement includes covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to: • | incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; • | pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt; • | make investments; • | sell assets; • | enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; • | incur or allow to exist liens; • | consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; • | engage in transactions with affiliates; • | create unrestricted subsidiaries; and • | engage in certain business activities. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Credit Agreement. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our
Credit Agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our Credit Agreement also have the right in these
circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, following an event of default under our Credit Agreement, the lenders will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure
the debt, which includes our available cash. If the debt under our Credit Agreement were to be accelerated, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full our debt. In addition, the terms of any future indebtedness may be more onerous, including
restrictions on our ability to acquire additional businesses or assets, or limit the size of such acquisitions. Risks Related to This Offering and
Ownership of Our Common Stock We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to “emerging growth companies” will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting requirements that are applicable to 38 Table of Contents other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies.” In particular, while we are an “emerging growth company,” among other exemptions, we will: • | not be required to engage an independent registered public accounting firm to report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; • | not be required to comply with the requirement in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard 3101, The Auditor’s Report on an Audit of Financial Statements When the Auditor Expresses an Unqualified Opinion, to communicate critical audit matters in the auditor’s report; • | be permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our periodic reports and registration statements, including in this prospectus; • | not be required to disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer’s compensation to median employee compensation; or • | not be required to submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as “say-on-pay,” “say-on-frequency,” and “say-on-golden parachutes.” In addition, the JOBS Act also permits
an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies, meaning that we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period and, as a result, our financial statements may not be comparable with similarly situated public companies. We will remain an “emerging growth company” until the earliest to occur of (1) our reporting of $1.235 billion or more in
annual gross revenue; (2) our becoming a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (3) our issuance, in any three-year period,
of more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and (4) the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this initial public offering. We cannot predict if investors may find our common stock less attractive if we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. For
example, if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations may not be as comparable to the results of operations of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline and/or become more volatile. We will incur significant increased costs and become subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of becoming a public company, and
our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance matters, which could lower our profits or make it more difficult to run our business. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, regulatory, finance, accounting, investor relations, insurance and other expenses that
we have not incurred as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements and costs of recruiting and retaining non-executive directors. We also have incurred and will
continue to incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and related rules implemented by the SEC and the exchange on which our common stock will be listed. The expenses
incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly,
although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Our management will need to devote a 39 Table of Contents substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements, diverting the attention of management away from revenue-producing activities. These laws and regulations also
could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, our Board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to
satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. Failure to comply with requirements to design, implement and maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business
and stock price. As a privately held company, we were not required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting in a
manner that meets the standards of publicly traded companies required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“Section 404”). As a public company, we will be subject to significant requirements for enhanced financial
reporting and internal controls. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environment, and to
expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. If we are unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal financial reporting controls and
procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and harm our results of operations. In addition, we will be required, pursuant to
Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the second annual report following the completion of this offering. This assessment will need to
include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial
reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation. Testing and maintaining internal controls may divert our management’s attention from other matters that are important to our business. Once we are
no longer an “emerging growth company,” our auditors will be required to issue an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal controls on an annual basis. In connection with the implementation of the necessary procedures and practices related to internal control over financial reporting, we may
identify deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, we may encounter problems or delays in completing the
remediation of any deficiencies identified by us or our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with the issuance of their attestation report. Our testing, or the subsequent testing (if required) by our independent registered
public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Any material weaknesses could result in a material misstatement of our annual or quarterly financial
statements or disclosures that may not be prevented or detected. We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have
effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, or our independent registered public accounting firm may not issue an unqualified opinion. If either we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal
control over financial reporting or our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified report (to the extent it is required to issue a report), investors could lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 40 Table of Contents No market currently exists for our common stock, and an active, liquid trading market for shares of
our common stock may not develop or be sustained, which may cause shares of our common stock to trade at a discount from the initial public offering price and make it difficult to sell the shares of common stock you purchase. Prior to this offering, there has not been a public trading market for shares of our common stock. We cannot predict the extent to which
investor interest in us will lead to the development of a trading market or how active and liquid that market may become. If an active and liquid trading market does not develop or continue, you may have difficulty selling your shares of our common
stock at an attractive price or at all. The initial public offering price per share of common stock was determined by agreement among us and the representatives of the underwriters, and may not be indicative of the price at which shares of our
common stock will trade in the public market after this offering. The market price of our common stock may decline below the initial public offering price, and you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you
paid in this offering, or at all. Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able
to resell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. Even if a trading market develops, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. You
may not be able to resell your shares at or above the initial public offering price due to a number of factors, including those listed in “Risks Related to our Strategy” and “Risks Related to our Operations.” Furthermore, the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that, in some cases, may be unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if
the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have
instituted securities class action litigation. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of
such litigation. Investors in this offering will incur immediate and substantial dilution. The initial public offering price per share of common stock will be substantially higher than the as adjusted net tangible book value
(deficit) per share immediately after this offering. As a result, you will pay a price per share of common stock that substantially exceeds the per share book value of our tangible assets after subtracting our liabilities. In addition, you will pay
more for your shares of common stock than the amounts paid by our existing stockholders. Based on the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share of common stock, you will incur immediate and substantial dilution in an amount of
$28.98 per share of common stock. If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares, you will experience additional dilution. See “Dilution.” Your percentage ownership in our Company may be diluted by future issuances of our common stock, which could reduce your influence over matters on which
stockholders vote. After this offering, we will have approximately 397 million shares of common stock authorized but
unissued. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of common stock, other equity or equity-linked securities, options, and other equity awards relating to our common stock for the consideration and 41 Table of Contents on the terms and conditions established by our Board in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. Issuances of common stock or voting preferred stock would reduce
your influence over matters on which our stockholders vote, and, in the case of issuances of preferred stock, would likely result in your interest in us being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock, if any. In the future, we may also issue our common stock in connection with investments or acquisitions. The number of shares of our common stock
issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in
additional dilution to you. Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return on
investment unless you sell your shares of common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. We have no current
plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration, amount, and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board, and will depend on, among other things, general and economic conditions, our results of
operations and financial condition, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our
subsidiaries to us, including restrictions under our Credit Agreement and other indebtedness we may incur, and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. See “Dividend Policy.” As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than
your purchase price. Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders in the public market following the
completion of this offering could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. The sale of substantial amounts of
shares of our common stock in the public market after this offering, or the perception that such sales could occur, including sales by our founders, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. Upon completion of this offering, we will have a total of 88,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding (or 89,650,000 shares if the
underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares). Of the outstanding shares, the 11,000,000 shares sold in this offering (or 12,650,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares) will be freely
tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except that any shares held by our affiliates, as that term is defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act (“Rule 144”), including our directors, executive
officers, and other affiliates, may be sold only in compliance with the limitations described in “Shares Eligible for Future Sale.” The remaining outstanding 77,000,000 shares of common stock held by our existing stockholders after this offering will be deemed restricted
securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and may be sold in the public market only if registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. In addition,
we, our executive officers, directors, and all of our stockholders have signed lock-up agreements with the underwriters that, subject to certain customary exceptions, restrict the sale of the shares of our
common stock and certain other securities held by them for 180 days following the date of this prospectus. Jefferies LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, in their sole discretion and at any time without notice, may release all or any
portion of the shares or securities subject to any such lock-up agreements. See “Underwriting” for a description of these lock-up agreements. Upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements described above, all of such 77,000,000 shares will be
eligible for resale in a public market, subject, in the case of shares held by our affiliates, to volume, manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144. 42 Table of Contents In addition, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, certain of our existing
stockholders have the right, subject to certain conditions, to require us to register the sale of their shares of our common stock under the Securities Act. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Registration Rights
Agreement.” By exercising their registration rights and selling a large number of shares, such existing stockholders could cause the prevailing market price of our common stock to decline. Following completion of this offering, the shares
covered by registration rights would represent approximately 82% of common stock outstanding (or 81% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Registration of any of these outstanding shares of our common
stock would result in such shares becoming freely tradable without compliance with Rule 144 upon effectiveness of the registration statement. See “Shares Eligible for Future Sale.” We intend to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register
shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock issued pursuant to our 2024 Plan. Any such Form S-8 registration statements will automatically become
effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market. We expect that the initial registration statement on Form S-8 will cover
9,000,000 shares of common stock. As restrictions on resale end, or if the existing stockholders exercise their registration rights, the
market price of our shares of common stock could drop significantly if the holders of these restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise
additional funds through future offerings of our shares of common stock or other securities. If securities analysts do not publish research or
reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us
downgrades our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of the Company or
fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control. Certain provisions of our organizational documents may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer, or prevent a merger, acquisition,
tender offer, takeover attempt, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders.
These provisions provide for, among other things: • | a classified board of directors, as a result of which our Board will be divided into three classes, with each class serving for staggered three-year terms; • | limitations on stockholder action by written consent on or after the effective date of this offering; • | certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; • | advance notice requirements for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; • | the removal of directors only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; and • | limitations on cumulative voting; • | the ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 43 Table of Contents • | certain limitations on business combinations with interested stockholders; and • | the required approval of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to adopt, amend, or repeal certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party’s offer may be
considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best
interests. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. See “Description of Capital Stock.” Our Board will be authorized to issue and designate shares of our preferred stock in additional series without stockholder approval. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue 1 million shares of our
preferred stock, subject to limitations prescribed by applicable law, rules and regulations and the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, as shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of
shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof. The powers, preferences and rights of these
additional series of preferred stock may be senior to or on parity with our common stock, which may reduce its value. Our certificate of
incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if such court does not have jurisdiction, another state or the federal courts (as appropriate) located within the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum
for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of
the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or
officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company that is governed by the
internal affairs doctrine; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any “derivative
action,” will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. Our certificate of
incorporation further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the
resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States, including any claims under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rule and regulations thereunder and accordingly, we cannot be certain that a court would enforce these
exclusive forum provisions. In the event a court finds any such exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. See “Description of Capital Stock—Exclusive Forum.” 44 Table of Contents Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital
stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. while the provisions in our certificate of incorporation benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware
law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. After the completion of this offering, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will directly
control a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement we expect to be executed in connection with this offering, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and
Brett Milgrim will be required to vote all of the shares of common stock owned by them in elections for directors to our board to include individuals designated by Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim. Accordingly,
immediately following this offering, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will control a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors. Even if Abrams
Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim collectively cease to own shares of our common stock representing a majority of the total voting power, for so long as the Voting Agreement remains in effect and Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC,
Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim continue to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim, through their collective voting power, will still be able to significantly influence the
composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval. The Voting Agreement is expected to terminate automatically upon the earlier of (a) the 10th anniversary of its effective date and (b) the first date
that the aggregate number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by either Abrams Capital and its controlled affiliates or GPV Loar LLC and its controlled affiliates is equal to or less than 10%. In particular, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar
LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim could effectively preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of voting power could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of the sale of us
and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Voting Agreement.” Insiders will continue to have substantial influence over us after this offering, which could limit your ability to affect the outcome of key
transactions, including a change of control. After this offering, our directors and executive officers and their affiliates will
beneficially own shares representing approximately 68% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and might affect the market price of our common
stock. Furthermore, the interests of these stockholders may not align with those of stockholders more broadly. Our management may use the proceeds
of this offering in ways with which you may disagree or that may not be profitable. Although we anticipate using the net proceeds
from this offering as described under “Use of Proceeds,” we will have broad discretion as to the application of the net proceeds and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated by this offering. You may not agree with the
manner in which our management chooses to allocate and use the net proceeds. Our management may use the proceeds for corporate purposes that may not increase our profitability or otherwise result in the creation of stockholder value. In addition,
pending our use of the proceeds, we may invest the proceeds primarily in instruments that do not produce significant income or that may lose value. 45 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including in the sections entitled “Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business,” includes express or implied forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts including those that
reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are included throughout this prospectus and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals, and
expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources, and other financial and operating information. We have used the words “anticipate,”
“assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”
“future,” “will,” “seek,” “foreseeable,” the negative version of these words or similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this prospectus. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus, including, but not limited to, our preliminary estimated unaudited financial
results and condition for the three months ended March 31, 2024, are based on management’s current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. Our expectations and beliefs are expressed in management’s good faith, and
we believe there is a reasonable basis for them, however, the forward-looking statements are subject to various known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Actual
results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional, or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include
but are not limited to the following: • | our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry; • | we rely heavily on certain customers for a significant portion of our sales; • | we have in the past consummated acquisitions and intend to continue to pursue acquisitions, and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations; • | we depend on our executive officers, senior management team and highly trained employees and any work stoppage, difficulty hiring similar employees, or ineffective succession planning could adversely affect our business; • | our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us; • | our business depends on the availability and pricing of certain components and raw materials from suppliers; • | our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production; • | our business may be adversely affected if we were to lose our government or industry approvals, if more stringent government regulations were enacted or if industry oversight were to increase; • | our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers’ planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers’ profitability, and these items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions; • | technology failures or cyber security breaches or other unauthorized access to our information technology systems or sensitive or proprietary information could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations; 46 Table of Contents • | our inability to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property or defend against assertions of infringement could prevent or restrict our ability to compete; • | we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations; • | tariffs on certain imports to the United States and other potential changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition; • | our indebtedness, which is subject to variable interest rates, could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business; • | to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations; • | after the completion of this offering, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim will directly control a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future; and • | the other factors discussed under “Risk Factors.” These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included
in this prospectus. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this prospectus speaks only as of the date of this prospectus and is expressly qualified in its
entirety by the cautionary statements included in this prospectus. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the
plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions,
mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments, or other strategic transactions we may make. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or
otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable law. 47 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We will receive net proceeds of approximately $283.1 million from the sale of shares of our common stock in this offering and after
deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full, the net proceeds to us will be approximately $326.1 million. We intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering for repayment of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement and for
general corporate purposes, including working capital. At December 31, 2023, there was $539.2 million outstanding under the
Credit Agreement, and there remained available $47.0 million in a Delayed Draw Term Loans Commitment and a $20.0 million Revolving Line of Credit. Outstanding term loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans mature on April 2, 2026. Borrowings,
if any, under the Revolving Line of Credit mature on April 2, 2025. Borrowings under the term loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans and the Revolving Line of Credit may be designated as a SOFR loan or base rate loan at the option of the borrower.
The interest rate on the SOFR rate loans accrued interest at the SOFR rate plus a margin of 7.25%. The interest rate on the base rate loans accrue interest at the base rate plus a margin of 6.25%. Interest is paid every one, two, three or six months
at the option of the Company. The unused portion of the Revolving Line of Credit carries a commitment fee of 0.50%. The weighted average interest rate for all outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023, and the
annual effective interest rate under the Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit
Agreement.” 48 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We currently expect to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and have no current plans to pay
dividends on our common stock. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board, and will depend on, among other things, general and economic conditions, our results of operations and financial
condition, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us,
including restrictions under our Credit Agreement and other indebtedness we may incur, and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. If we elect to pay such dividends in the future, we may reduce or discontinue entirely the payment of such
dividends at any time. 49 Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and capitalization as of December 31, 2023: • | on an actual basis; • | on a pro forma basis after giving effect to (1) the Corporate Conversion and (2) the filing and effectiveness of our certificate of incorporation and the adoption of our bylaws, which occurred on April 16, 2024; and • | on a pro forma as adjusted basis after giving effect to the issuance and sale of shares of our common stock offered by us in this offering at the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and the application of the net proceeds to us therefrom as described under “Use of Proceeds.” You should read this table in conjunction with the
information contained in “Use of Proceeds,” “Description of Capital Stock” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” as well as our financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. As of December 31, 2023
($ in thousands, other than units, shares and par value) | Actual | Pro Forma (unaudited) | Pro Forma As Adjusted (unaudited)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 21,489 | $ | 21,489 | $ | 21,489
Debt:
Credit Agreement (1)(2) | $ | 535,478 | $ | 535,478 | $ | 252,422
Finance lease liabilities (2) | 3,591 | 3,591 | 3,591
Total debt | 539,069 | 539,069 | 256,013
Members’ equity:
Units, without par value; 204 units issued and outstanding, actual; no units authorized, issued or outstanding, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted | 418,141 | — | —
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, no shares authorized, issued or outstanding, actual; 1,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued or outstanding, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted | — | — | —
Common stock, $0.01 par value, no shares authorized, issued or outstanding, actual; 485,000,000 shares authorized, 77,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, pro forma; 485,000,000 shares authorized, 88,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted | — | 770 | 880
Additional paid-in capital | — | 417,371 | 700,317
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) | 418,141 | 418,141 | 701,197
Total capitalization | $ | 957,210 | $ | 957,210 | $ | 957,210 (1) | Credit Agreement debt is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs. For a further description of our Credit Agreement, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” (2) | Includes current portion. 50 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in our common stock in this offering, your ownership interest in us will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the
initial public offering price per share of our common stock and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share of our common stock after giving effect to this offering. Dilution results from the fact that the per share
offering price of the common stock is substantially in excess of the book value per share attributable to the shares of our common stock held by existing stockholders. Our historical net tangible book value (deficit) as of December 31, 2023, was approximately $(369.3) million, or $(4.80) per share
of our common stock. We calculate historical net tangible book value (deficit) by taking the amount of our total tangible assets and subtracting the amount of our total liabilities. We calculate historical net tangible book value (deficit) per share
by taking our historical net tangible book value (deficit) and dividing that amount by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding, after giving effect to the Corporate Conversion. After giving effect to (i) the Corporate Conversion, (ii) our sale of shares of common stock in this offering at the initial public
offering price of $28.00 per share, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and (iii) the application of the net proceeds to us from this offering as set forth under “Use of
Proceeds,” our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) as of December 31, 2023 would have been $(86.2) million, or $(0.98) per share of our common stock. This amount represents an immediate increase in pro forma as adjusted
net tangible book value (or a decrease in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book deficit) of $3.82 per share to existing stockholders and an immediate and substantial dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) of $28.98 per
share to new investors purchasing shares of common stock in this offering at the initial public offering price. Dilution per share to
investors purchasing common stock in this offering is determined by subtracting pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share of common stock after this offering from the initial public offering price per share of common stock
paid by investors purchasing common stock in this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis (without giving effect to any exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional shares
of common stock in this offering): Initial public offering price per share of our common stock | $ | 28.00
Historical net tangible book value (deficit) per share of our common stock as of December 31, 2023 | $ | (4.80 | )
Increase in tangible book value per share attributable to new investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering | $ | 3.82
Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after giving effect to this offering | $ | (0.98 | )
Dilution per share of our common stock to new investors in this offering | $ | 28.98 If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock in full, the pro
forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share after giving effect to this offering and the use of proceeds therefrom would be $(0.48) per share. This represents an increase in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (or a
decrease in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book deficit) of $4.31 per share to the existing 51 Table of Contents stockholders and results in dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) of $28.48 per share to new investors. The following table summarizes, on the pro forma as adjusted basis described above, the differences between the number of shares purchased
from us, the total consideration paid to us, and the average price per share paid by existing stockholders and by new investors, after giving effect to the Corporate Conversion. As the table shows, new investors purchasing shares of our common stock
in this offering will pay an average price per share substantially higher than our existing stockholders paid. The table below reflects the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share for shares purchased in this offering and excludes
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us: Shares Purchased | Total Consideration
(in thousands, except percentages) | Number | Percent | Amount | Percent | Average Price Per Share
Existing stockholders | 77,000,000 | 87.5 | % | $ | 452,084,842 | 59.5 | % | $ | 5.87
New investors | 11,000,000 | 12.5 | % | $ | 308,000,000 | 40.5 | % | $ | 28.00
Total | 88,000,000 | 100.0 | % | $ | 760,084,842 | 100.0 | % | $ | 8.64 If the underwriters were to exercise their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us in
full, the percentage of shares of our common stock held by existing stockholders who are directors, officers or affiliated persons as of would be 67% and the percentage of shares of our common stock held by new investors would be 14%. To the extent that we grant options to our employees in the future and those options are exercised or other issuances of common stock are
made, there will be further dilution to new investors. Except as otherwise indicated, the above discussion and tables are based on
77,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect to the Corporate Conversion, and exclude 9,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2024 Plan, which will be adopted in
connection with this offering. 52 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial
statements including the related notes thereto, beginning on page F-1 of this prospectus. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. You should read the sections of this prospectus titled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of the factors that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. For purposes of this section, references to the “Company,” “Loar,” “we,”
“us,” and “our” refer to Loar Holdings Inc., together with Loar Group Inc. and its other subsidiaries. Overview We specialize in the design, manufacture, and sale of niche aerospace and defense components that are essential for today’s aircraft and
aerospace and defense systems. We focus on mission-critical highly engineered solutions with high intellectual property content. Furthermore, our products have significant aftermarket exposure, which has historically generated predictable and
recurring revenue. We estimate that approximately 52% of our 2023 net sales were derived from aftermarket products. The products we
manufacture cover a diverse range of applications supporting nearly every major aircraft platform in use today and include auto throttles, lap-belt airbags, two- and three-point seat belts, water purification
systems, fire barriers, polyimide washers and bushings, latches, hold-open and tie rods, temperature and fluid sensors and switches, carbon and metallic brake discs, fluid and pneumatic-based ice protection, RAM air components, sealing solutions and
motion and actuation devices, among others. We primarily serve three core end markets: commercial, business jet and general aviation, and defense, which have long historical track records of consistent growth. We also serve a diversified customer
base within these end markets where we maintain long-standing customer relationships. We believe that the demanding, extensive and costly qualification process for new entrants, coupled with our history of consistently delivering exceptional
solutions for our customers, has provided us with leading market positions and created significant barriers to entry for potential competitors. By utilizing differentiated design, engineering, and manufacturing capabilities, along with a highly
targeted acquisition strategy, we have sought to create long-term, sustainable value with a consistent, global business model. As a
specialized supplier in the aerospace and defense component industry, we believe we are well positioned to deliver innovative, mission-critical solutions to a wide array of aerospace and defense customers. Our key competitive strengths support our
ability to offer differentiated solutions to our customers. We have a portfolio of mission-critical, niche aerospace and defense components that we believe hold leading market positions. We have intellectual property-driven proprietary products and
expertise in an industry with high barriers to entry. We are strategically focused on higher-margin aftermarket content. We have highly diversified revenue streams, and our diversification stretches across end-markets, customers, platforms, and product category or application. We have an established business model with a lean, entrepreneurial structure. We have a disciplined and strategic approach to
acquisitions with a history of successful integration. We have a track record of strong growth, margins and cash flow generation. Loar
Holdings Inc. was originally formed as a limited liability company for the purpose of acquiring Loar Group Inc., which was formed in 2012. Loar Holdings Inc. is a private holding company and, at all times prior to the closing of the initial public
offering, will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Loar Acquisition 13, LLC. In July 2023, we acquired Desser Aerospace’s Proprietary
Solutions businesses from VSE Corporation. The Proprietary Solutions businesses now operate as DAC Engineered Products, LLC (DAC). With manufacturing operations in Oswego, Illinois, DAC’s suite of products and repair services includes, but are
not limited to, carbon 53 Table of Contents brake discs, steel brake discs, and starter generator and vacuum generator components and overhauls primarily for general aviation and regional jets within the commercial end market. With a
strong background in engineering and design, we believe the team at DAC is highly regarded for its ability to meet and exceed customers’ needs in demanding certification environments through parts manufacturing approvals or utilizing
FAA-licensed designated engineering representatives to provide custom repairs. During 2023, DAC’s sales were 100% derived from the aftermarket. In September 2023, we acquired CAV Systems Group Limited (CAV), a leading provider of ice protection and drag reduction technology to general
aviation, commercial aerospace, and defense markets worldwide. The only supplier of fluid-based ice protection systems globally and the leading supplier of laser perforated surfaces, CAV has operated as a critical technology and manufacturing
partner to major commercial OEMs since 1942. Working alongside aircraft engineers, CAV assists in the design, testing, analysis, manufacture, integration and approval of technology solutions for critical safety challenges and flight efficiency. Corporate Conversion Prior to
April 16, 2024, we operated as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Loar Holdings, LLC. On April 16, 2024, we converted to a Delaware corporation and changed our name to Loar Holdings Inc. In the conversion, all of our
outstanding equity interests were converted into shares of common stock. The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to reorganize our structure so that the entity that is offering our common stock to the public in this offering is a corporation
rather than a limited liability company and so that our existing investors and new investors in this offering will own our common stock rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. 54 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, certain operating data of the Company, including
presentation of the amounts as a percentage of net sales (in thousands unless otherwise indicated): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Dollars | % of Net Sales | Dollars | % of Net Sales
Net sales | $ | 317,477 | 100.0 | % | $ | 239,434 | 100.0 | %
Cost of sales | 163,213 | 51.4 | % | 127,934 | 53.4 | %
Gross profit | 154,264 | 48.6 | % | 111,500 | 46.6 | %
Selling, general and administrative expenses | 82,141 | 25.9 | % | 66,536 | 27.8 | %
Transaction expenses | 3,394 | 1.1 | % | 6,365 | 2.7 | %
Other income | 762 | 0.2 | % | 861 | 0.4 | %
Operating income | 69,491 | 21.9 | % | 39,460 | 16.5 | %
Interest expense, net | 67,054 | 21.1 | % | 42,071 | 17.6 | %
Income (loss) before income taxes | 2,437 | 0.8 | % | (2,611 | ) | (1.1 | )%
Income tax (provision) benefit | (7,052 | ) | (2.2 | )% | 142 | 0.1 | %
Net loss | (4,615 | ) | (1.4 | )% | (2,469 | ) | (1.0 | )%
Cumulative translation adjustments, net of tax | 410 | 0.1 | % | (567 | ) | (0.3 | )%
Comprehensive loss | $ | (4,205 | ) | (1.3 | )% | $ | (3,036 | ) | (1.3 | )%
Other Data:
EBITDA (1) | $ | 107,515 | $ | 73,416
Adjusted EBITDA (1) | 112,743 | 83,273
Net loss margin | (1.4 | )% | (1.0 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) | 35.5 | % | 34.8 | % (1) | Refer to “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in this discussion and analysis for additional information and limitations regarding these non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure. Year ended December 31, 2023 compared with year ended December 31, 2022 Net Sales Net sales for the year
ended December 31, 2023 increased $78.1 million, or 32.6%, to $317.5 million as compared to $239.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net organic sales represent net sales from our existing businesses for comparable periods and exclude net sales from acquisitions. We include
net sales from new acquisitions in net organic sales from the 13th-month after the acquisition on a comparative basis with the prior period. Net acquisition sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 represent net sales from businesses acquired
either during the year ended 2023 or net sales from acquisitions that were completed in 2022 for which there are no comparable net sales during the prior year. We believe this measure provides an understanding of underlying sales trends as it
provides net sales comparisons on a consistent basis. See Note 2, Acquisitions and Investments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company’s acquisition activities. 55 Table of Contents Organic Sales Net organic sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased $33.5 million, or 14.0%, to $272.9 million as compared to
$239.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase in net organic sales is primarily related to increases in OEM commercial sales ($9.0 million, an increase of 22.0%), aftermarket commercial sales ($8.5 million,
an increase of 12.8%), aftermarket business jet and general aviation sales ($7.0 million, an increase of 40.8%), OEM business jet and general aviation sales ($6.3 million, an increase of 20.2%) and OEM other non-aviation sales ($3.3 million, an
increase of 26.6%). The increase in OEM commercial sales is driven by the increased production rates and deliveries for both narrow-body and wide-body aircraft. The increase in aftermarket commercial sales is
primarily attributable to the ongoing recovery of commercial air travel demand. The increase in aftermarket business jet and general aviation sales is primarily attributable to increases in aircraft flight hours. The increase in OEM business jet and
general aviation sales is primarily attributable to increased production rates and deliveries of business jet and general aviation aircraft. The increase in OEM other non-aviation sales is primarily attributable to sales of our high performance
carbon brakes and racing restraints. Net acquisition sales of $44.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 is made up of
SCHROTH, DAC and CAV which were acquired on July 28, 2022, July 3, 2023 and September 1, 2023, respectively. This represents 18.6% of the increase in total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2022. Gross Profit and Cost of Sales Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased $35.2 million or 27.6% to $163.2 million compared to $127.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022. Cost of sales and the related percentage of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in thousands except for percentages); Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022 | Change | % Change
Cost of sales - excluding costs below | $ | 159,402 | $ | 124,585 | $ | 34,817 | 27.9 | %
% of net sales | 50 . 2 | % | 52 . 0 | %
Amortization of intangible and other long-term assets | 3,208 | 2,645 | 563 | 21.3 | %
% of net sales | 1 . 0 | % | 1 . 1 | %
Recognition of inventory step-up | 603 | 704 | (101 | ) | (14.3 | )%
% of net sales | 0 . 2 | % | 0.3 | %
Total cost of sales | $ | 163,213 | $ | 127,934 | $ | 35,279 | 27.6 | %
% of net sales | 51 . 4 | % | 53.4 | %
Gross profit (Net sales less Total cost of sales) | $ | 154,264 | $ | 111,500 | $ | 42,764 | 38.4 | %
Gross profit percentage (Gross profit / Net sales) | 48.6 | % | 46.6 | % Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023 decreased as a percentage of net sales despite
continuing inflationary pressures. This decrease in cost of sales is primarily attributable to the effect of our fixed overhead costs supporting higher production and sales levels. Our sales mix was favorable, specifically, aftermarket sales in commercial and business jet and general aviation end markets as a percentage
of total net sales compared to the prior year period. This, as well as achieving value pricing contributed to the 2.0% increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales to 48.6% for the year ended December 31, 2023 from 46.6% for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $15.6 million to $82.1 million, or 25.9% as a percentage of net sales, for the year
ended December 31, 2023 from $66.5 million, or 27.8% as a percentage of net 56 Table of Contents sales, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Selling, general and administrative expenses and the related percentage of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows
(amounts in thousands except for percentages): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022 | Change | % Change
Selling, general and administrative expenses - excluding costs below | $ | 48,991 | $ | 36,464 | $ | 12,527 | 34.4 | %
% of net sales | 1 5 .4 | % | 15. 2 | %
Amortization of intangible and other long-term assets | 24,878 | 22,429 | 2,449 | 10.9 | %
% of net sales | 7. 9 | % | 9.4 | %
Stock based compensation expense | 372 | 1,526 | (1,154 | ) | (75.6 | )%
% of net sales | 0.1 | % | 0.6 | %
Acquisition integration costs | 1,621 | 1,913 | (292 | ) | (15.3 | )%
% of net sales | 0.5 | % | 0.8 | %
Research and development expenses | 6,279 | 4,204 | 2,075 | 49.4 | %
% of net sales | 2 .0 | % | 1.8 | %
Total selling, general and administrative expenses | $ | 82,141 | $ | 66,536 | $ | 15,605 | 23.5 | %
% of net sales | 25.9 | % | 27.8 | % Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $82.1 million
compared to $66.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in expenses was primarily driven by the impact of the acquisitions of DAC and CAV in 2023 and a full year of selling, general and administrative expenses for
SCHROTH which was acquired in 2022. Selling, general and administrative expenses declined by 1.9% as a percentage of net sales for the
year ended December 31, 2023 when compared to the same period in 2022. This was primarily driven by increased sales volume and the leveraging of fixed costs. Transaction Expenses Transaction
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $3.4 million compared to $6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Transaction costs can fluctuate from year to year depending on the size and number of acquisitions in each year. Other Income Other income
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, of $0.8 million and $0.9 million, respectively, was principally related to a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation under the AMJP. Operating Income Operating income
for the year ended December 31, 2023, was $69.5 million, or 21.9% as a percentage of net sales, compared to $39.5 million, or 16.5% as a percentage of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in operating income is due
to the factors discussed above. Interest Expense Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased $25.0 million, or 59.4%, to $67.1 million compared to
$42.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase was attributable to interest on additional borrowings associated with the acquisitions of DAC and CAV in 2023, a full year of interest on borrowings associated with July 2022
acquisition of SCHROTH and the continued rising interest rates. Interest rates under our Credit Agreement are subject to variability based on market conditions. 57 Table of Contents Income Tax (Provision) Benefit The income tax provision was $7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to an income tax benefit of $0.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance against the Company’s deferred tax asset for its disallowed interest carryforward. Net Loss Net loss for the year
ended December 31, 2023 was $4.6 million, or 1.4% as a percentage of net sales, compared to the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of $2.5 million, or 1.0% as a percentage of net sales. The increase in net loss is primarily due
to the valuation allowance recognized in addition to the factors discussed above. Outlook As we look to the remainder of 2024, we anticipate net sales growth to be driven by organic growth, in particular the conversion of high levels
of backlog of our existing products, and the impact from strategic acquisitions. Backlog primarily consists of firm orders for products that have not yet shipped. Additionally, continued inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions may lead
to higher material and labor costs. These pressures and disruptions have not had a material effect on our results of operations or capital resources, and we do not expect them to materially affect our outlook or business goals. During 2024, we have
continued and plan to continue our commitment to develop new products and services, further market penetration, and pursue an aggressive acquisition strategy while seeking to maintain our financial strength and flexibility. Seasonality We do not believe our net
sales are subject to significant seasonal variations. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table summarizes our capitalization as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands unless otherwise indicated): As of December 31,
2023 | 2022
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 21,489 | $ | 35,497
Debt:
Credit Agreement debt (including current portion) | 535,478 | 487,025
Finance lease liabilities (including current portion) | 3,591 | 3,745
Total debt | 539,069 | 490,770
Member’s equity | 418,141 | 421,974
Total capitalization (debt plus equity) | 957,210 | 912,744
Total debt to total capitalization | 56 | % | 54 | % Our principal historical liquidity requirements have been for acquisitions, capital expenditures, servicing
indebtedness and working capital needs. We fund our investing activities primarily from cash provided by our operating and financing activities. As of December 31, 2023, we had availability of $47 million of a Delayed Draw Term Loans
Commitment and a $20 million Revolving Line of Credit. Based on our current outlook, we believe that net cash provided by operating activities and available borrowings under our Credit Agreement will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements
for at least the next twelve months. As we continue to expand our business, including by any acquisitions we may make, we may in the future require additional working capital for increased costs. 58 Table of Contents Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $12.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $13.3 million in the
year ended December 31, 2022. The change in accounts receivable during 2023 was due to a use of cash of $13.7 million compared to a use of cash of $8.5 million in 2022. The increase in the use of cash of $5.2 million was
primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume and related timing of cash receipts. We actively manage our accounts receivable, along with the related aging and collection efforts. The change in inventories during 2023 was due to a use of cash of $11.2 million compared to a use of cash of $6.2 million in 2022. The
increase in the use of cash of $5.0 million was primarily driven by increased purchasing to mitigate the effects of supply chain challenges in support of the anticipated increase in 2024 sales volume. Investing Activities Net cash
used in investing activities totaled $72.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 and was principally attributable to the acquisitions of DAC for $31.4 million and CAV for $29.0 million, as well as capital expenditures of
$12.1 million. Net cash used in investing activities totaled $181.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 and was
principally attributable to the acquisition of SCHROTH for $173.9 million and capital expenditures of $7.9 million. Further
details regarding our acquisition activities may be found in Note 2, Acquisitions and Investments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Financing Activities Net cash
provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2023 totaled $45.7 million. We borrowed $53.0 million under our Credit Agreement for the acquisitions of DAC and CAV and made payments of $6.1 million on our Credit Agreement and $1.1
million for debt issuance costs. Net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled
$135.3 million. We borrowed $145.0 million under our Credit Agreement for the acquisition of SCHROTH and made payments of $4.4 million on our Credit Agreement, $3.5 million for debt issuance costs, as well as $1.6 million
for a deferred purchase obligation. Credit Agreement Our long-term debt consists of borrowings under our Credit Agreement, originally entered into on October 2, 2017. On April 1, 2022,
we amended the Credit Agreement to provide for an additional commitment of $100 million in Delayed Draw Term Loans. The proceeds of the $100 million Delayed Draw Term Loans are intended to fund the ongoing working capital and other general
corporate activity (including any transaction not prohibited by the Credit Agreement). On March 26, 2024, the Credit Agreement was amended to extend the termination date of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment by approximately nine months,
extending it from April 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024. During 2022, we also amended our Credit Agreement to provide for an additional commitment of up to $145 million in incremental term loans for the acquisition of SCHROTH. On April 28, 2023, we borrowed $20.0 million of available Delayed Draw Term Loans to finance the acquisition of DAC. On June 30, 2023, the Credit Agreement was amended to extend the maturity date by eighteen months, extending it from October 2, 2024 to April
2, 2026. In addition, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) Rate was replaced with Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as an election in which borrowings under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at the SOFR rate plus a margin
of 7.25%. 59 Table of Contents On August 30, 2023, the Company borrowed $33.0 million of available Delayed Draw Term Loans
to finance the acquisition of CAV. At December 31, 2023, there was $539.2 million outstanding under the Credit Agreement, and there
remained available $47.0 million in Delayed Draw Term Loans Commitment and a $20.0 million Revolving Line of Credit. Outstanding term loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans mature on April 2, 2026. Borrowings, if any, under the Revolving Line of Credit
mature on April 2, 2025. Borrowings under the term loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans and the Revolving Line of Credit may be designated
as a SOFR loan or base rate loan at the option of the borrower. The interest rate on the SOFR rate loans accrued interest at the SOFR rate plus a margin of 7.25%. The interest rate on the base rate loans accrue interest at the base rate plus a
margin of 6.25%. Interest is paid every one, two, three or six months at the option of the Company. The unused portion of the Revolving Line of Credit carries a commitment fee of 0.50%. The weighted average interest rate for all outstanding loans
under the Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023, and the annual effective interest rate under the Credit Agreement was 12.7% at December 31, 2023. The Credit Agreement requires the maintenance of a quarterly leverage ratio. There are also certain non-financial covenants in place limiting us from, among other things, incurring other indebtedness, creating any liens on our properties, entering into merger or consolidation transactions, disposing of all
or substantially all of our assets and payment of certain dividends and distributions. We were in compliance with all financial and nonfinancial covenants of the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2023. The Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of the principal amount if there is excess cash flow, as defined, during a calendar year
(commencing with the two-fiscal quarter-period beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022). The Credit Agreement permitted voluntary principal prepayments, in whole or in part, at a premium of 3.0% of the amount prepaid during
the first year of the agreement, declining evenly to no premium after October 4, 2021. No voluntary prepayments were made under the Credit Agreement. On April 10, 2024, we entered into the Fourteenth Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among Loar Group Inc., the lenders party thereto
and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders and as collateral agent for the secured parties (the “Fourteenth Amendment to Credit Agreement”), which, among other items, permits certain non-pro rata open
market purchases of term loans pursuant to open market purchases. On such date, we also entered into that certain Master Open Market Purchase Agreement, by and between affiliates of Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP (“Blackstone
Credit”) and Loar Group Inc. (the “Master Open Market Purchase Agreement”) to repurchase term loans on a non-pro rata basis subject to certain conditions as set forth therein. Other Obligations and Commitments See
Note 8, Long-Term Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our long-term debt obligations. Leases We lease certain facilities and equipment under financing and operating leases that expire at various dates through the year 2032.
Future aggregate rental payments under non-cancelable financing and operating leases as of December 31, 2023 were as follows: $1.8 million in 2024, $1.7 million in 2025, $1.6 million in
2026, $1.5 million in 2027 and $10.2 million thereafter. See Note 14, Leases, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to future minimum lease payments relating to our operating and finance lease
obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in
Regulation S-K, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 60 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of the Company and its
subsidiaries. Often, management’s judgment is needed in the selection and application of certain accounting policies and methods. However, investors are cautioned that the sensitivity of financial statements to these methods, assumptions and
estimates could create materially different results under different conditions or using different assumptions. We believe that the
following are our most critical accounting policies that require management to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. For additional significant accounting policies, see Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost of inventories is determined using the weighted-average cost method
of inventory accounting. Write-downs for slow-moving and obsolete inventories are provided based on current assessments about future product demand, production requirements for the next 12 months and usage for the last 12 months. Where we estimate
that the net realizable value is below cost or have determined that future demand is lower than current inventory levels based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant
current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value is recorded as a charge included in cost of sales. Management believes that our estimates of excess and
obsolete inventory are reasonable and material changes in future estimates or assumptions used to calculate our estimates are unlikely. However, actual results may differ materially from the estimates and additional provisions may be required in the
future. A 10% change in our excess and obsolete inventory reserve as of December 31, 2023, would have a material impact on our results. Acquisitions and Investments, and Goodwill and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets We allocate the purchase price of acquired entities to the underlying tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on their estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. The valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. Determining the fair value of assets we acquire and
liabilities we assume requires management’s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples,
among other items. We determine the fair values of intangible assets acquired generally in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. Fair value adjustments to the assets and liabilities are recognized and the results of operations of the
acquired business are included in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the acquisition. Intangible assets
other than goodwill are recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed or exchanged, regardless of the Company’s intent to
do so. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and are reviewed at least annually for impairment based on cash flow projections and fair value estimates. We do not amortize goodwill and other intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite lives. These assets are reviewed for impairment at
least annually, on the first day of the fourth quarter, using either a qualitative or quantitative analysis. Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. When evaluating whether goodwill is impaired,
we perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its
carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit 61 Table of Contents is compared with its carrying value (including goodwill). If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for the reporting
unit, and we must measure the impairment loss. The impairment loss, if any, is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. Fair value of the reporting unit is
determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further impairment analysis is needed. For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, we operate as a single reporting unit.
Based upon the annual goodwill impairment test, we determined that there was no impairment of our goodwill as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. We test other intangible assets (primarily customer relationships) for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that the assets might be
impaired. The test consists of determining whether the carrying value of the assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those
assets, we record an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. The determination of fair value requires management to make a number of estimates, assumptions and judgments of underlying factors
such as projected revenues and related earnings. We did not recognize any impairment losses in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements See Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Recent Accounting Pronouncements, of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Quarterly Results of Operations and Other Financial Data The following tables set forth our historical unaudited consolidated statements of operations for each of the quarters indicated. The
information for each quarter has been prepared on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus and reflects, in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of
the financial information presented. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of future operating results, and our interim
results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period. The quarterly financial data set forth below should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus. For a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, see “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Three Months Ended
December 31, 2023 | September 30, 2023 | June 30, 2023 | March 31, 2023 | December 31, 2022 | September 30, 2022 | June 30, 2022 | March 31, 2022
Statements of Operations (in thousands except common unit and per common unit amounts) :
Net sales | $ | 86,435 | $ | 82,807 | $ | 73,989 | $ | 74,246 | $ | 69,262 | $ | 62,865 | $ | 53,887 | $ | 53,420
Cost of sales | 46,309 | 42,176 | 36,517 | 38,211 | 37,782 | 32,189 | 29,150 | 28,813
Gross profit | 40,126 | 40,631 | 37,472 | 36,035 | 31,480 | 30,676 | 24,737 | 24,607
Selling, general and administrative expenses | 21,931 | 21,863 | 19,502 | 18,845 | 18,439 | 18,022 | 15,166 | 14,909
Transaction expenses | 768 | 2,022 | 421 | 183 | 1,104 | 4,503 | 575 | 183
Other income | 279 | 356 | 79 | 48 | 199 | — | — | 662
Operating income | 17,706 | 17,102 | 17,628 | 17,055 | 12,136 | 8,151 | 8,996 | 10,177
Interest expense, net | 17,929 | 17,155 | 16,568 | 15,402 | 14,645 | 11,832 | 7,832 | 7,762
(Loss) income before income taxes | (223 | ) | (53 | ) | 1,060 | 1,653 | (2,509 | ) | (3,681 | ) | 1,164 | 2,415
Income tax (provision) benefit | (350 | ) | 2,907 | (437 | ) | (9,172 | ) | (519 | ) | 2,303 | (600 | ) | (1,042 | )
Net (loss) income | $ | (573 | ) | $ | 2,854 | $ | 623 | $ | (7,519 | ) | $ | (3,028 | ) | $ | (1,378 | ) | $ | 564 | $ | 1,373 62 Table of Contents Three Months Ended
December 31, 2023 | September 30, 2023 | June 30, 2023 | March 31, 2023 | December 31, 2022 | September 30, 2022 | June 30, 2022 | March 31, 2022
Net (loss) income per common unit | $ | (2,820.64 | ) | $ | 14,000.14 | $ | 3,061.24 | $ | (36,860.94 | ) | $ | (14,843.13 | ) | $ | (6,752.11 | ) | $ | 2,761.06 | $ | 6,732.15
Weighted average common units outstanding - basic and diluted | 204 | 204 | 204 | 204 | 204 | 204 | 204 | 204
Other Data (in thousands, except percentages) :
Cash flows provided by (used in);
Operating activities | $ | 12,012 | $ | 1,433 | $ | (3,726 | ) | $ | 3,094 | $ | 7,457 | $ | 693 | $ | 2,429 | $ | 2,691
Investing activities | (4,444 | ) | (63,382 | ) | (2,821 | ) | (1,910 | ) | (3,839 | ) | (175,390 | ) | (1,521 | ) | (1,083 | )
Financing activities | (1,795 | ) | 30,581 | 18,240 | (1,309 | ) | (1,309 | ) | 140,189 | (1,014 | ) | (2,561 | )
Depreciation | 2,641 | 2,314 | 2,537 | 2,446 | 2,299 | 2,115 | 2,187 | 2,281
Amortization of intangible and other long-term assets | 7,217 | 7,101 | 6,888 | 6,880 | 6,853 | 6,650 | 5,775 | 5,796
Capital expenditures | (4,310 | ) | (3,093 | ) | (2,821 | ) | (1,910 | ) | (3,839 | ) | (1,491 | ) | (1,521 | ) | (1,083 | )
Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired | (134 | ) | (60,289 | ) | — | — | — | (173,899 | ) | — | —
EBITDA (1) | 27,564 | 26,517 | 27,053 | 26,381 | 21,288 | 16,916 | 16,958 | 18,254
Adjusted EBITDA (1) | 29,252 | 28,909 | 27,736 | 26,846 | 23,583 | 22,612 | 18,491 | 18,587
Net (loss) income margin | (0.7 | )% | 3.4 | % | 0.8 | % | (10.1 | )% | (4.4 | )% | (2.2 | )% | 1.0 | % | 2.6 | %
Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) | 33.8 | % | 34.9 | % | 37.5 | % | 36.2 | % | 34.0 | % | 36.0 | % | 34.3 | % | 34.8 | % (1) | Refer to “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in this discussion and analysis for additional information and limitations regarding these non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We present below certain financial information based on our EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. References to “EBITDA” mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, references to “Adjusted EBITDA” mean EBITDA plus, as applicable for each relevant period,
certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliations of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, and references to “Adjusted EBITDA Margin” refer to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA
Margin are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. We present EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance. In addition, our management uses
Adjusted EBITDA to review and assess the performance of the management team in connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. Moreover, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA of target companies
to evaluate acquisitions. Although we use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin as measures to assess the performance of
our business and for the other purposes set forth above, the use of non-GAAP financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for
analysis of our results of operations as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements, necessary to service interest payments on our indebtedness; 63 Table of Contents • | although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and the cash requirements for such replacements are not reflected in EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin exclude the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions; • | the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin; and • | EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not include the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations. Because of these limitations, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should not
be considered as measures of cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Management compensates for these limitations by not viewing EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in isolation and specifically by using other
U.S. GAAP measures, such as net sales and operating profit, to measure our operating performance. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and they should not be considered as
alternatives to net loss or cash flow from operations determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our calculations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by
other companies. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands unless otherwise indicated): Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Adjustments:
Interest expense, net | 67,054 | 42,071
Income tax provision (benefit) | 7,052 | (142 | )
Operating income | 69,491 | 39,460
Depreciation | 9,938 | 8,882
Amortization | 28,086 | 25,074
EBITDA | 107,515 | 73,416
Adjustments:
Recognition of inventory step-up (1) | 603 | 704
Other income (2) | (762 | ) | (861 | )
Transaction expenses (3) | 3,394 | 6,365
Stock-based compensation (4) | 372 | 1,526
Acquisition integration costs (5) | 1,621 | 1,913
COVID-19-related expenses (6) | — | 210
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 112,743 | $ | 83,273
Net sales | $ | 317,477 | $ | 239,434
Net loss margin | (1.4 | )% | (1.0 | )%
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 35.5 | % | 34.8 | % 64 Table of Contents The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net (loss) income to EBITDA, Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for each of the quarters indicated (in thousands unless otherwise indicated): Three Months Ended
December 31, 2023 | September 30, 2023 | June 30, 2023 | March 31, 2023 | December 31, 2022 | September 30, 2022 | June 30, 2022 | March 31, 2022
Net (loss) income | $ | (573 | ) | $ | 2,854 | $ | 623 | $ | (7,519 | ) | $ | (3,028 | ) | $ | (1,378 | ) | $ | 564 | $ | 1,373
Adjustments:
Interest expense, net | 17,929 | 17,155 | 16,568 | 15,402 | 14,645 | 11,832 | 7,832 | 7,762
Income tax provision (benefit) | 350 | (2,907 | ) | 437 | 9,172 | 519 | (2,303 | ) | 600 | 1,042
Operating income | 17,706 | 17,102 | 17,628 | 17,055 | 12,136 | 8,151 | 8,996 | 10,177
Depreciation | 2,641 | 2,314 | 2,537 | 2,446 | 2,299 | 2,115 | 2,187 | 2,281
Amortization | 7,217 | 7,101 | 6,888 | 6,880 | 6,853 | 6,650 | 5,775 | 5,796
EBITDA | 27,564 | 26,517 | 27,053 | 26,381 | 21,288 | 16,916 | 16,958 | 18,254
Adjustments:
Recognition of inventory step-up (1) | 402 | 201 | — | — | 434 | 270 | — | —
Other income (2) | (279 | ) | (356 | ) | (79 | ) | (48 | ) | (199 | ) | — | — | (662 | )
Transaction expenses (3) | 768 | 2,022 | 421 | 183 | 1,104 | 4,503 | 575 | 183
Stock-based compensation (4) | 93 | 93 | 93 | 93 | 145 | 509 | 451 | 421
Acquisition integration costs (5) | 704 | 432 | 248 | 237 | 778 | 304 | 490 | 341
COVID-19 related expenses (6) | — | — | — | — | 33 | 110 | 17 | 50
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 29,252 | $ | 28,909 | $ | 27,736 | $ | 26,846 | $ | 23,583 | $ | 22,612 | $ | 18,491 | $ | 18,587
Net sales | $ | 86,435 | $ | 82,807 | $ | 73,989 | $ | 74,246 | $ | 69,262 | $ | 62,865 | $ | 53,887 | $ | 53,420
Net (loss) income margin | (0.7 | )% | 3.4 | % | 0.8 | % | (10.1 | )% | (4.4 | )% | (2.2 | )% | 1.0 | % | 2.6 | %
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 33.8 | % | 34.9 | % | 37.5 | % | 36.2 | % | 34.0 | % | 36.0 | % | 34.3 | % | 34.8 | % (1) | Represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses that were charged to cost of sales when inventory was sold. (2) | Represents a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation under the AMJP. (3) | Represents third party transaction-related costs for acquisitions comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. (4) | Represents the non-cash compensation expense recognized by the Company for our restricted equity unit awards. (5) | Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into our operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. (6) | Represents incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic dissipates and are clearly separable from normal operations (for example, additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements and COVID sick pay). JOBS Act Election We are currently an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to
use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or
(ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of
public company effective dates. 65 Table of Contents Internal Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are therefore not
required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will require our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Though we will be required to disclose material changes made to our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404 until our second annual report on Form 10-K after we become a public company. Further, our independent registered public accounting firm is not yet required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting and will not be required to do so for as long as we are an “emerging growth company” pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act. See “Summary—Implications of Being an Emerging Growth
Company.” Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk Our primary
exposure to interest rate risk results from outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, which has a floating interest rate component. We estimate that a 1.0% increase in the applicable average interest rates for the year ended
December 31, 2023 would have resulted in an estimated $5.4 million increase in interest expense. See “—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Agreement” above. We had cash of $21.5 million as of December 31, 2023 which is held for working capital and general corporate purposes. We do not
have cash equivalents, restricted cash or marketable securities and we do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our cash holdings in interest bearing accounts are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest
rates, which may affect our interest income. We will continue to monitor market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates and potential
impacts to the fair value of our holdings and operating cash flows. Inflation Risk We have generally experienced increases in our costs of labor, materials and services consistent with overall rates of inflation, but we do not
believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We expect the impact of such increases will be mitigated by efforts to lower costs through manufacturing efficiencies, look for
alternative sourcing and reevaluate pricing, as we did in the year ended December 31, 2023. However, continued cost inflation and supply chain disruptions during 2024 may continue to require similar efforts to mitigate the impact of continued
cost inflation and supply chain disruptions on our results of operations. Our inability or failure to offset cost increases could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Foreign Currency Risk Our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The reporting and functional currency of our wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries is a combination of local currency and the U.S. dollar. Our sales and operating expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, which are
primarily in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Germany. Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the
future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative financial instruments, although we may choose to do so in the future. A 10%
increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar for the year ended December 31, 2023 would not have resulted in a material impact on our operating results. 66 Table of Contents BUSINESS Our Company We
specialize in the design, manufacture, and sale of niche aerospace and defense components that are essential for today’s aircraft and aerospace and defense systems. Our focus on mission-critical, highly engineered solutions with
high-intellectual property content resulted in approximately 85% of our 2023 net sales being derived from proprietary products where we believe we hold market-leading positions. Furthermore, our products have significant aftermarket exposure,
which has historically generated predictable and recurring revenue. We estimate that approximately 52% of our 2023 net sales were derived from aftermarket products. The products we manufacture cover a diverse range of applications supporting nearly every major aircraft platform in use today and include
auto throttles, lap-belt airbags, two- and three-point seat belts, water purification systems, fire barriers, polyimide washers and bushings, latches, hold-open and tie rods, temperature and fluid sensors and
switches, carbon and metallic brake discs, fluid and pneumatic-based ice protection, RAM air components, sealing solutions and motion and actuation devices, among others. We primarily serve three core end markets: commercial, business jet and
general aviation, and defense, which have long historical track records of consistent growth. We also serve a diversified customer base within these end markets where we maintain long-standing customer relationships. We believe that the demanding,
extensive and costly qualification process for new entrants, coupled with our history of consistently delivering exceptional solutions for our customers, has provided us with leading market positions and created significant barriers to entry for
potential competitors. By utilizing differentiated design, engineering, and manufacturing capabilities, along with a highly targeted acquisition strategy, we have sought to create long-term, sustainable value with a consistent, global business
model. Our ability to deliver high-quality solutions stems from management’s extensive industry experience and their long history of
creating value across multiple businesses. Prior to the formation of Loar, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman Dirkson Charles, Chief Financial Officer Glenn D’Alessandro, and VP & General
Counsel Michael Manella helped lead K&F through 17 years of sustained success, including its initial public offering and ultimate sale to Meggitt plc (now part of Parker-Hannifin Corporation). The team, building upon its proven ability to create
value, subsequently worked together at McKechnie until its 2010 sale to TransDigm. During their tenure at McKechnie, they worked alongside the Company’s Co-Chairman Brett Milgrim, who was a Managing
Director and Partner of JLL, McKechnie’s majority owner before the sale to TransDigm. Through their collective experience at K&F and McKechnie, the management team built deep industry expertise and harnessed this knowledge to launch Loar,
even entering some of the same product categories as K&F and McKechnie such as carbon and metallic brake discs, hydraulic valves, keepers, rate control devices, latches, hold-open rods, starter generators, and actuators, among others. By having
the advantage of a clean blueprint and targeted list of attractive product categories and acquisition candidates, the management team has been able to leverage its significant experience to create a purpose-built, successful platform. Loar is centered around a commitment to a consistent and focused business model—creating a portfolio of proprietary products serving a
highly diverse set of applications, end markets and customers within the aerospace and defense value chain. This strategy has resulted in what we believe to be market-leading positions, driven by products that have been difficult for competitors to
replicate. The qualification process for the Company’s products serves as a significant barrier to entry for new suppliers. The time, investment, and risks associated with qualification are substantial. The process can often take years,
involving multiple tests that require support and financial contribution from both the system supplier and the OEM. Moreover, the Company focuses on products that make up a relatively small portion of the total cost of an aircraft. As a result, it
is not typically economical for OEMs to repeat the process of qualification after an existing supplier has been qualified already onto a given aircraft platform. In addition, customer relationships represent a key barrier to entry. Given the
mission-critical nature of the Company’s products, we believe our customers look for highly reliable suppliers they can trust to deliver on-time, high-quality solutions. Loar’s position as a trusted
supplier of highly 67 Table of Contents engineered, value-added products not only has created significant barriers to entry, but also has established an ability to fairly value our products, which has resulted in consistent
improvements to Loar’s gross profit margins over the long-term. Our portfolio of products serves a variety of applications across
aircraft platforms as shown below: Once Loar’s components are qualified on an aircraft platform, we believe we are likely to maintain our
position as the provider of aftermarket parts and services for the life of the platform and related platform derivatives. This results in significant aftermarket revenue, which represented 52% of our 2023 net sales. For the platforms we serve, the
total life of an aircraft can be up to 50 years, ensuring steady aftermarket revenue streams with historically higher margins than revenue to OEM customers. We believe our aftermarket exposure provides us with an opportunity for stable, recurring,
long-lasting and high-margin financial performance. In addition to our OEM and aftermarket balance, our revenue is diversified across end
markets, customers, and platforms. No more than 14% of our 2023 net sales came from any single customer, and no more than 6% of our 2023 net sales came from any single aircraft platform. We believe that our revenue diversification provides
significant resiliency, and it positions us well to take advantage of new business opportunities. 68 Table of Contents We believe that our efforts to serve our customers effectively have also differentiated our
business and led to long-standing customer relationships. Given the complexity of our customers’ supply chains, they look for dependable suppliers across multiple products and capabilities. In addition to providing a broad set of capabilities,
we believe our commitment to quality, consistent on-time delivery and highly specialized tailored solutions furthers our long-standing relationships. Our relationships enable an open dialogue regarding our
customers’ supply chain challenges, which can give us insight into potential growth opportunities, both organically and inorganically. Our business approach couples strong organic growth with our proven acquisition strategy. Since 2012, we have executed and successfully
integrated 16 strategic acquisitions. We have a highly disciplined approach to evaluating potential acquisition targets, and have sought companies with valuable intellectual property, high aftermarket content, revenue synergies, ability to
cross-sell and strong customer relationships. We operate in a highly fragmented market, which has historically provided ample acquisition targets as we look to enhance and grow our platform. Our Industry End
Markets We primarily compete across three core end markets of the aerospace and defense component industry: commercial, business jet
and general aviation, and defense. Commercial . The commercial aerospace market, our largest end market representing
45% of 2023 net sales, has experienced significant growth over the past several years as a result of increased orders for next-generation commercial aircraft and increased aftermarket requirements from higher levels of aircraft usage in a post-COVID
environment. However, the commercial aerospace market has shown consistent long-term growth trends over the past 75 years, spurred by travel demand and the development of a global world economy. The industry’s growth rate has historically
outpaced global GDP growth, with RPKs increasing at an average of 1.6x global GDP growth between 1970 and 2022, reflecting an approximate 5% CAGR. Commercial OEM revenue historically has been tied to new aircraft production, which is currently supported by the production ramp of several
next-generation narrowbody aircraft programs that have large order backlogs (for example, Airbus A320 family and Boeing 737 family). These order backlogs are needed to meet the secular demand for air travel. In 2021, there were 20,675 commercial jet
aircraft in service, compared to 17,712 commercial jet aircraft in service in 2010, and industry consultants project that future demand requires 34,684 commercial aircraft in service by 2032. The commercial aftermarket has historically produced consistent revenue. In our experience, as global commercial aircraft fleets grow,
maintenance requirements grow alongside them. Most maintenance 69 Table of Contents requirements are recurring and non-deferrable, even during periods of economic downturn or reduced demand for commercial air travel. Given the
industry’s long-term secular growth trends, an increasingly larger middle class that has a high demand for travel, and a meaningfully large share of the global fleet represented by legacy aircraft, we expect continued growth and stability of
our commercial aftermarket revenue. Business Jet and General Aviation. Our second largest end market, business jet and
general aviation, which accounted for approximately 24% of 2023 net sales, has experienced significant growth over the past several years. The emergence of several business models has provided consumers with greater accessibility and affordability
to private aviation, driving increased popularity globally. The business jet and general aviation market is comprised of all aviation
operations outside of commercial and defense, and it includes both OEM and the aftermarket. This market has experienced strong demand with new asset-light fleet models, such as charter operators, jet cards and fractional jet ownership. These shared
economy solutions have increased average utilization, resulting in growing demand for new aircraft. Accordingly, several modern, next-generation business jet platforms have been introduced by aircraft OEMs and production rates have been rising to
meet this growing demand. Moreover, increased accessibility and affordability of private aviation has driven accelerated adoption by consumers, as flyers seek alternative options to commercial air travel, resulting in even greater flight hours and
aftermarket growth. Defense. The military aviation end market, which accounted for approximately 19% of 2023 net sales, has
continued to benefit from growing global demand. Current geopolitical circumstances, including the Ukraine conflict, the Israeli war and the potential for engagements with China and/or Russia have resulted in increased global defense spending. We
expect that defense spending will continue to increase as militaries invest to maintain operational readiness. We believe that
aftermarket and OEM demand for military aviation solutions follows global defense spending and the broader U.S. Department of Defense budget. OEM military revenue is primarily driven by spending on new aircraft platforms and systems. In an era of
heightened geopolitical instability, we believe that defense spending will continue to be a priority for militaries to maintain operational readiness and invest in next-generation platforms with modern
capabilities. Recently, military aftermarket revenue has been derived primarily from utilization of existing aircraft, aircraft modernization and sustainment initiatives to upgrade existing fleets and extend the service life of equipment. Competition The market for aerospace and
defense components is highly fragmented, with few scaled competitors. As a result, we have very few direct competitors that provide the breadth of products, solutions and expertise that we are able to offer our customers. However, given the market
fragmentation, we face competition from different competitors across individual products and applications. Competition within our product offerings range from divisions of large public corporations to small, privately held companies with singular
capabilities that lack infrastructure and capacity to scale. We compete primarily on the basis of engineering, capabilities, capacity and
customer responsiveness. We believe we meet or exceed the performance and quality requirements of our customers and consistently deliver products on a timely basis with superior customer service and support. Our commitment to performance and
responsiveness has allowed us to foster strong customer relationships with major aerospace and defense OEMs and Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers. We believe that our consistent quality, performance and breadth of capabilities are key reasons that enable
us to win new business and fuel the continued long-term relationships with our customers. 70 Table of Contents Competitive Strengths As a specialized supplier in the aerospace and defense component industry, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver innovative, mission-critical solutions to a wide array of aerospace and defense customers. Our key competitive strengths support our ability to offer differentiated solutions to our
customers: Portfolio of Mission-Critical, Niche Aerospace and Defense Components . We specialize in niche aerospace
and defense components that are essential for the production and maintenance of aircraft and their related systems. Given the high costs typically associated with the stoppage of production or the removal of an aircraft from service, customers
demand consistent reliability, performance and quality from our products. We believe that few competitors can offer the customized, high-quality solutions we provide and, as such, we believe we are the supplier of choice in the end markets in which
we operate. Intellectual Property-Driven, Proprietary Products and Expertise in an Industry with High Barriers to Entry. We derived 85% of our 2023 net sales from proprietary products or solutions. Our intellectual property and in-house expertise represent decades of knowledge and investment that we believe
competitors would struggle to match. Furthermore, due to the industry’s stringent regulatory, certification and technical requirements, the qualification process for new products is rigorous and costly. Certification processes necessitate
significant time and monetary investments from both suppliers and customers, leaving little incentive for either party to repeat these processes once a product is already certified on a platform. Accordingly, we believe that these high barriers to
entry provide us with additional growth opportunities with our customers, while the reliability, performance and quality of our products enhance our long-standing customer relationships. Strategically Focused on Higher-Margin Aftermarket Content . We supply aftermarket products to a large installed, and
growing, base of aircraft. We estimate that our addressable market opportunity includes more than 84,000 discrete aircraft across more than 250 total aircraft platforms. Due to our installed OEM base of proprietary products and a demanding
certification process, we are often the only supplier providing these products in the aftermarket, which we generally expect to result in a recurring revenue stream for the life of each aircraft platform. The total life of the platforms we serve can
be up to 50 years, presenting the opportunity for a long tail of aftermarket service and/or periodic replacement requirements. We believe our ability to support the full aircraft life cycle from initial build to retirement is a key differentiator
and has historically generated significant revenue, as represented by the 52% of our 2023 net sales attributable to the aftermarket. The long-term secular growth dynamics of aftermarket demand historically have also led to higher margins and
consistent revenue growth. Highly Diversified Revenue Streams . We have strategically and purposefully constructed a
highly diverse portfolio, which we believe positions us well to succeed in a variety of market conditions. Our diversified revenue base is designed to reduce our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market sector, and we believe it has
been a significant factor in our resilient financial performance. The Company’s diversification stretches across end markets, product category or application, customers, and platforms. • | End markets: 2023 net sales by category were 45% commercial, 24% business jet and general aviation, 19% defense and 12% non-aviation. • | Product category or application: The Company’s products are utilized in a variety of applications in the interiors, exteriors and engines that serve both OEM (48% of 2023 net sales) and aftermarket (52% of 2023 net sales) categories of the overall market. • | Customers: No customer made up more than 14% of 2023 net sales. The top five customers made up 34% of 2023 net sales. • | Platforms: No aircraft platform represented more than 6% of 2023 net sales. The top six aircraft platforms represented less than 19% of total 2023 net sales. Our top two aircraft platforms are the Airbus 320 family and the Boeing 737 family. 71 Table of Contents Established Business Model with a Lean, Entrepreneurial Structure . Our
operations are built around a philosophy that encourages local autonomy across the Company’s brands and drives entrepreneurial spirit. Critical to our success is a management structure that is designed to facilitate seamless
communication across our businesses. Executive Vice Presidents are responsible for multiple brands within the Company. They support local brand leaders and also work closely with corporate management in helping to optimize potential cross-selling
opportunities, operational initiatives and capital allocation. By fostering cross-communication and enabling each brand to leverage the benefits of the broader Company platform, we have created a highly
scalable operational structure with few management layers. We believe our streamlined structure also facilitates efficient decision making for acquisitions and other important strategic decisions. Our streamlined leadership, coupled with a holistic
approach to revenue and innovation, is intended to position us for revenue growth and ongoing operational improvements. Disciplined
and Strategic Approach to Acquisitions, with History of Successful Integration . We have a disciplined and thoughtful approach to acquisitions, as demonstrated by the successful integration of our 16 acquisitions since 2012. Our
well-defined acquisition criteria have led us to target companies with proprietary products and/or processes, leading market positions, significant aftermarket potential, strong revenue synergies with potential for cross-selling and strong customer
relationships. Management’s experience in driving financial performance from our defined model has led to a targeted goal of doubling an acquired business’s Adjusted EBITDA over a three-to-five-year time frame post-acquisition. Our focused approach to acquisitions and the underlying drivers of value have helped create a scaled and integrated platform. Track Record of Strong Growth, Margins and Cash Flow Generation . Since inception, we have utilized both organic and
inorganic drivers to generate a portfolio of what we believe to be market leading brands and products under the Loar umbrella, enabling a consistent track record of growth and strong margins. In constructing a portfolio of capabilities that fit the
needs of the marketplace, we have focused on four main strategic drivers of value in our business: launching new products, optimizing productivity, achieving value pricing and readying talent. By applying these drivers, we have been able to generate
significant growth, high margins and high cash flow since our inception. We believe our performance-driven culture and commitment to constant improvement and execution will continue to drive strong financial performance. Proven Leadership Team . Our leadership team has a depth of experience running businesses in the aerospace and defense
component industry. A core group of our senior management team has worked together for over 30 years at multiple companies, and the average industry experience for 10 members of our senior leadership team is over 25 years, including having worked
together for more than 15 years at the Company, McKechnie and/or TransDigm. Our management team has leveraged its extensive industry experience to construct purposely a well-designed and diversified platform at Loar, has generated significant net
sales growth, and has navigated many different market environments. In addition, our management team’s incentives are well-aligned with the success of Loar and its stockholders. Members of the management team and certain other key employees are
expected to hold approximately 16% of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 16, 2024, after giving effect to the sale of shares of common stock by us in this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to
purchase additional shares. See “Principal Stockholders.” Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is made up of two key elements: (i) a value-driven operating strategy and (ii) a disciplined
acquisition strategy. Value-driven operating strategy . Our five core organic growth value drivers are: • | Providing highly engineered, value-additive solutions to our customers: We are well positioned in our core underlying markets to benefit from the aerospace and defense component industry’s long- 72 Table of Contents term secular growth trends. Our proprietary products and consistent ability to meet customer needs have resulted in strong, long-standing customer relationships. Our quality and breadth of offerings have enabled us to maintain established positions on nearly every major aircraft platform such that we benefit from both large production backlogs for new aircraft as well as the aftermarket requirements associated with aircraft in use today. We have maintained entrenched positions for the life of the majority of these aircraft platforms due in part to high switching costs and significant barriers to entry. When coupled with the long tail of aftermarket requirements, our positioning creates a favorable mix of business with highly profitable opportunities. • | Value-based pricing opportunities: Historically we have been able to realize a sustainable pricing strategy reflective of the value of our products’ position in the supply chain. We believe our business model creates value-based pricing opportunities through a compelling combination of attributes. Proprietary products, customized designs, superior quality, the relative low cost of our solutions compared to the total cost of the aircraft platform, and high switching costs are among the attributes that we believe lead our customers to prioritize performance and reliability over price. • | Winning profitable new business: We have won profitable new business from existing customers, and we have expanded our customer base through new relationships, by leveraging our broad capabilities, extensive engineering expertise and reputation for quality and performance. By successfully meeting customers’ design requirements, certification needs and/or timing constraints, we have garnered trust with customers and created cross-selling opportunities across various platforms, systems and customers. Our new business pipeline targets opportunities within attractive aircraft programs where we see an opportunity to leverage customer relationships or product overlaps and drive new, profitable revenue streams. • | New product introductions: We continuously develop new innovative solutions for our customers. Our product development strategy has been guided by our strong understanding of our customers’ needs, which is driven by the open and candid relationships we foster. We seek to introduce new products that not only address critical customer needs, but also serve large addressable fleets with aftermarket requirements. Additionally, as customers continue to navigate an increasingly complex supply chain, we believe they are focused on working with a smaller set of reliable core suppliers. As a supplier of a broad suite of high-quality, niche solutions that serve a broad range of applications, we are well-positioned to benefit from customers’ desire for a more streamlined supply chain. • | Driving operational efficiencies that improve cost structure and profitability: We are focused on consistent operational improvements to our cost structure that we believe will drive profitability. We frequently review opportunities for margin enhancement through key operational metrics, productivity initiatives, management directives and weekly or quarterly reviews to drive operational efficiencies. Additionally, we expect our margins and profitability to improve from focused growth strategies that provide high contribution margins and value-based pricing that, at a minimum, achieve price increases greater than inflation. Disciplined acquisition strategy . Acquisitions are a core
element of our long-term growth strategy. We have considerable experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our Company and culture, having done so 16 times since our formation in 2012. Our disciplined acquisition
strategy revolves around acquiring aerospace and defense component businesses with significant aftermarket potential and proprietary content and/or processes, where we believe there is a clear path to value creation. The aerospace supply chain is highly fragmented, with many components supplied by smaller privately-owned businesses that, in turn, sell to
system integrators, Tier 1 or Tier 2 manufacturers, or large OEM participants. We believe there is a significant opportunity for further consolidation of the supply chain. We have maintained a robust pipeline of acquisition targets and are often in
active discussions with business owners that 73 Table of Contents recognize our established culture and the opportunity for them to leverage the Company’s existing infrastructure, customer base, platform exposure and industry relationships. We are
positioned as an acquirer of choice due to our entrepreneurial philosophy and desire to further grow and improve each brand we acquire, based on a flexible post-acquisition integration that suits each business’s specific strengths and culture.
We intentionally maintain each acquired business’s brand to preserve long-term customer relationships and capture revenue synergies. As part of our acquisition strategy, we take a disciplined approach to acquisition target screening, focusing on identifying key
characteristics that we believe provide insight on strategic fit. Such characteristics include: (i) aerospace- and defense-focused businesses; (ii) proprietary content and/or processes; (iii) significant aftermarket exposure or
potential to grow; (iv) focus on niche markets or products with strong market positions; (v) capabilities where the opportunity to cross-sell our existing portfolio of products exists; and (vi) long-standing customer relationships. Our disciplined approach to acquisitions has allowed us to be opportunistic, which has built the Company into a leading aerospace and defense component supplier. Government Contracts We supply
defense-related equipment and services to U.S. Government agencies and therefore are subject to the business risks specific to the defense industry, including the ability of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: (1) suspend us from receiving new
contracts; (2) terminate existing contracts at its convenience and without significant notice; (3) reduce the value of existing contracts; (4) audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs; and
(5) revoke required security clearances. We also sell directly to the government of Germany. Violations of government procurement laws could result in civil or criminal penalties. Governmental Regulation As a
manufacturer and supplier of commercial aircraft components and equipment, we are subject to regulation by the FAA, the European Union Aviation Safety Agency, UK Civil Aviation Authority, and the Civil Aviation Administration of China, while the
military aircraft component industry is governed by military quality specifications. The components we manufacture are required to be
certified by one or more of these entities or agencies, and other similar agencies elsewhere in the world. We must also satisfy the requirements of our customers, including OEMs and airlines that are subject to FAA regulations, and provide these
customers with products and services that comply with the government regulations applicable to commercial flight operations. These regulations are largely designed to ensure that all aircraft components and equipment are continuously maintained and
in proper condition to ensure safe operation of the aircraft. Specifically, the FAA and other aviation authorities require that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft engines, engine parts, airframes and other components at regular
intervals based on cycles or flight time. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. We believe that we
currently satisfy or exceed these maintenance standards in our repair and overhaul services. Since we sell defense products directly to
the U.S. Government and for use in systems delivered to the U.S. Government, we can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors as well. Contracting in the defense industry also makes us subject to rules related to
bidding, billing and accounting kickbacks and false claims. Furthermore, we are at times subject to trade laws and regulations like the
Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and the sanctions administered by the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Additionally, we
are subject to data protection laws, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, and the Personal Information Protection Law in
China. 74 Table of Contents There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements nor
competitive positions as a result of these governmental regulations. Our operations may in the future be subject to new and more stringent regulatory requirements, so in that regard, we closely monitor the FAA and industry trade groups to attempt to
understand how possible future regulations might impact us. Legal Matters We are subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including claims resulting from
employment related matters. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any existing claim would have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, a significant increase in the number of
these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Properties We maintain 18 properties, of
which 12 are manufacturing facilities and six are office, warehousing, processing and/or other types of facilities. Of the 12 manufacturing facilities, (i) we maintain ten facilities in the United States, of which we own seven and lease three,
(ii) we lease a facility in the United Kingdom and (iii) we lease a facility in Germany. Of the remaining six facilities, all of which are in the United States, we own one facility and lease five facilities. See Note 6, Property, Plant and
Equipment and Note 14, Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Most of our manufacturing facilities contain
manufacturing, distribution and engineering functions, and most facilities have certain administrative functions, including management, sales and finance. Our headquarters is located at our manufacturing facility in White Plains, New York, which is
a facility we own that is approximately 42,500 square feet in size. We believe that our existing facilities are sufficient to meet our operational needs for the foreseeable future. Manufacturing and Engineering We
continually strive to optimize productivity and achieve value pricing over inflation, implementing precision engineering and manufacturing to produce parts essential for today’s aircraft systems and structures. We strive to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors by manufacturing products in an accurate, reliable and repeatable manner without sacrificing attention to detail, which is evident in the durability and precision of our products. We are able to keep capital
expenditure levels low since we do not constantly need new state of the art equipment, which contributes to our lean entrepreneurial structure and helps us drive continuous improvement. Raw Materials We require the use of a
variety of raw materials and manufactured component parts in our manufacturing processes, and we purchase these from various suppliers. We believe most of our raw materials and component parts are generally available from multiple suppliers at
competitive prices. The lingering supply chain disruptions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted to a certain extent the availability of raw materials. These disruptions in raw material supply
could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers or require us to pay higher prices to obtain these raw materials from other sources, however, we believe that the loss of any one source, although potentially
disruptive in the short-term, would not materially affect our long-term operations. We try to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, and we are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, so continued
inflationary pressures could impact material costs. Although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive FAA and OEM certification processes
associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. Additionally, an open conflict or war across any region, including, but not limited to, the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel, could
affect our ability to obtain raw materials. 75 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets and proprietary knowledge and technology, both internally developed and acquired, in order to
maintain a competitive advantage. The Company’s products are manufactured, marketed and sold using a portfolio of patents, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property, some of which expire in the future. The Company develops and
acquires new intellectual property on an ongoing basis. Based on the broad scope of the Company’s product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. As of March 31, 2024, we own 93 issued patents, which will expire between July 2, 2024 and
February 22, 2041. We currently have 6 pending or published but not yet issued patents, for which the rights and duration are pending grant of the patent by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other applicable national or regional
patent authority. Additionally, as of March 31, 2024, we have 65 submitted trademark applications, 59 of which have been issued and 6 of which are pending. Environmental Matters Our operations and
facilities are subject to an extensive regulatory framework of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage
and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the investigation and remediation of certain materials, substances, and wastes. We are committed to monitoring our business’s environmental performance, and to the health and safety of our
employees, and as such we continually make efforts to ensure our operations are in substantial compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and
remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. We recorded an environmental liability in connection with our acquisition of AGC Acquisition LLC, for which we are not entitled to
any third-party recoveries. The facilities acquired in connection with that acquisition entered into the state of Connecticut’s voluntary remediation program for certain known contaminants in 2009. An independent third-party evaluation of the
facilities estimated the potential range of costs for remediation, and consistent with that original estimate and with progress made on the remediation process since then (and taking into account new information learned about the site since that
estimate was prepared), the balance of the environmental liability on December 31, 2023 was approximately $1.1 million. As investigations and remediations proceed, adjustments in our accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. Based upon consideration of currently available information, we believe liabilities for environmental matters will not have a material
adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we cannot assure that material environmental liabilities may not arise in the future. For further information on environmental-related risks, including climate change, see “Risk
Factors.” Human Capital Resources As of March 31, 2024, we had approximately 1,400 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. Approximately 150 of our full-time and
part-time employees are represented by labor unions. One collective bargaining agreement between us and a labor union expires on October 31, 2025 and one agreement covering approximately 60 employees does not have an expiration. Our employees are critical to our long-term success and are essential to helping us meet our goals. Therefore, it is crucial that we continue
to attract, retain and motivate exceptional and high-performing employees by providing opportunities available for all our employees to not only contribute to Loar, but also grow and develop in their careers. We offer training and development
programs encouraging advancement from within in order to support the advancement of our employees. We leverage both formal and informal programs to identify, foster, and retain top talent at both the corporate and operating unit level. We believe we
offer competitive compensation programs to our employees to help attract and retain our employees. 76 Table of Contents Seasonality We do not believe our net sales are subject to significant seasonal variation. 77 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors Below
is a list of our executive officers and directors, their respective ages as of April 2, 2024 and a brief account of the business experience of each of them. Name | Age | Title
Dirkson Charles | 60 | President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director
Brett Milgrim | 55 | Executive Co-Chairman and Director
Glenn D’Alessandro | 59 | Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Michael Manella | 67 | Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
David Abrams | 63 | Director
Raja Bobbili | 36 | Director
Alison Bomberg | 55 | Director
Anthony M. Carpenito | 49 | Director
M. Chad Crow | 55 | Director
Taiwo Danmola | 64 | Director
Paul S. Levy | 76 | Director
Margaret McGetrick | 65 | Director Executive Officers Dirkson Charles founded Loar Group Inc. in 2012 and has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman since inception. He has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman of Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC since
its inception in 2017. He joined our Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. He has also served as Executive Manager and Co-Chairman of the Board of Managers of LA 13 since its inception in 2017. From May 2007 to December
2010, Mr. Charles served as an Executive Vice President of McKechnie responsible for all aspects of financial operations for this multinational organization. From February 1989 to May 2007, Mr. Charles was Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer with K&F, a leading manufacturer of aviation wheels, brakes, fuel tanks and brake control systems. In addition, Mr. Charles was with Arthur Andersen and Company for five years where he supervised audit engagements
and acquired expertise in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations. Mr. Charles currently serves as the Chairman of Doncasters Group Limited, a position he has held since March of 2020. Mr. Charles has also
served as a Director of Builders FirstSource, Inc. since June 2022. Mr. Charles holds an undergraduate degree in public accounting and an M.B.A. in finance from Pace University. He is a certified public accountant in the State of New York. Mr. Charles is the President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman of Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings,
LLC. That role, along with his service as a member of the board of directors of a public company, prior high-level leadership positions and his critical accounting skills as a licensed C.P.A. and from his prior experience in public accounting, make
him an essential Board member. Brett Milgrim has been the Executive Co-Chairman of
Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC since 2017. He has also served as Executive Manager and Co-Chairman of the Board of Managers of LA 13 since its inception in 2017. He joined our Board of Directors concurrently with the
Corporate Conversion. From 1997 until his retirement in 2011, Mr. Milgrim was a Managing Director and Partner of JLL, a New York-based private equity firm, where he was responsible for leading investments in JLL’s industrial vertical and
has extensive experience in all areas of corporate finance and capital markets. His background involving the management of numerous aerospace and industrial companies is valuable in leading Loar’s overall corporate and acquisition
strategies. Mr. Milgrim previously served in the Investment Banking department of 78 Table of Contents Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation. Mr. Milgrim currently serves on the Board of Directors of Builders FirstSource, Inc., a position he has held since 1999.
Mr. Milgrim previously served as a director of Horizon Global Corporation until its acquisition in February 2023 and PGT Innovations, Inc. until its acquisition in March 2024. Mr. Milgrim holds an M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor’s Degree from Emory University. Mr. Milgrim is the Executive Co-Chairman of Loar Holdings
Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC. That role, along with his knowledge regarding all aspects of corporate finance and capital markets and service on the boards of other public companies, make him an essential Board member. Glenn D ’ Alessandro has served as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Loar Group Inc. since
February 2012 and of Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC since its inception in 2017. Previously, Mr. D’Alessandro served as Vice President and Controller of McKechnie and was responsible for all aspects of financial
management, financial reporting and cash management. Prior to that role, Mr. D’Alessandro had various financial roles including Vice President and Controller with K&F, a leading manufacturer of aviation wheels, brakes, fuel tanks and brake
control systems. Prior to that role, Mr. D’Alessandro supervised various audit engagements for Arthur Andersen and Company. Mr. D’Alessandro holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Hofstra University. He is a
certified public accountant. Michael Manella has served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Loar Group Inc.
since February 2012 and of Loar Holdings Inc., formerly known as Loar Holdings, LLC since its inception in 2017. Previously, Mr. Manella served as vice president and general counsel at McKechnie overseeing all aspects of the company’s
legal affairs. He has also held senior legal and management positions at three other companies: Assistant General Counsel for Meggitt USA, General Counsel for Aircraft Braking Systems Corporation until Meggitt PLC purchased Aircraft Braking Systems
Corporation and various other positions at Aircraft Braking Systems Corporation. Mr. Manella holds a B.S. in accounting from the University of Akron, an M.B.A. from Kent State University and a J.D. from the University of Akron School
of Law. Mr. Manella also completed the executive management program at the University of Oxford, Said Business School. Non-Employee
Directors David Abrams has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since its inception in 2017. He joined
our Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Mr. Abrams founded Abrams Capital Management, LLC in 1999 and has been its Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager since inception. Previously, Mr. Abrams was a senior
investment professional with The Baupost Group of Boston, Massachusetts, for 10 years. Mr. Abrams holds a B.A. in History from the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Abrams has vast experience investing in a wide variety of businesses, including his long tenure on the Board of Managers of LA 13. He
brings valuable knowledge to the Board. Alison Bomberg has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since its
inception in 2017. She joined our Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Since June 2015, Mrs. Bomberg has served at Abrams Capital Management, LLC, where she is currently a Managing Director and General Counsel. Previously,
Mrs. Bomberg was a Partner in the Private Equity group of Ropes and Gray, LLP where she practiced law for 21 years. Mrs. Bomberg serves on the Advisory Board of the non-profit Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras. Mrs. Bomberg holds a B.A. in
Foreign Policy from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a J.D. from Boston University School of Law. Ms. Bomberg has vast experience
from her long tenure on the Board of Managers of LA 13. She serves as a senior lawyer of a large investment company. As a practicing lawyer, she brings valuable knowledge to the Board. Raja Bobbili has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since its inception in 2017. He joined our Board of
Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Since January 2014, Mr. Bobbili has 79 Table of Contents served at Abrams Capital Management, LLC, where he is currently an Investment Analyst and Managing Director. Mr. Bobbili holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a B.S. in
Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Mr.
Bobbili has extensive experience in private equity investing, financial matters, and knowledge and understanding of business and corporate strategy, including from his long tenure on the Board of Managers of LA 13. Anthony M. Carpenito has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since 2019. He joined our Board of Directors
concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Since April 2015, Mr. Carpenito has served at Abrams Capital Management, LLC, where he is currently Head of Private Capital Markets. Previously, Mr. Carpenito spent nearly 10 years in Credit Suisse’s
Private Fund Group, including as Managing Director and Head of the Real Estate Private Fund Group. Prior to that role, he spent three years at GAMCO Investors in a hedge fund capital raising role. He started his career at Goldman Sachs, holding
various roles in Controllers, emerging debt capital markets and asset management. Mr. Carpenito holds a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Bucknell University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. Mr. Carpenito has extensive experience in private equity investing, financial matters, and knowledge and understanding of business and
corporate strategy, including from his long tenure on the Board of Managers of LA 13. M. Chad Crow has served as Manager on
the Board of Managers of LA 13 since February 2024. He joined our Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Mr. Crow has served since April 2021 as a fractional Chief Financial Officer for Lone Star Pharmaceuticals, a
pharmaceutical distribution company, and MAC Realty, a rental properties company. Previously, Mr. Crow joined Builders FirstSource, Inc. in September 1999, and held several roles of increasing responsibility thereafter. In 2009, Mr. Crow was named
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; in 2014, he was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer; and in 2017, he became a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, serving in such roles until April 2021. Previously, he
served in a variety of positions at Pier One Imports and Price Waterhouse LLP. Mr. Crow holds a B.B.A. in Accounting from Texas Tech University. Mr. Crow has significant public company financial and executive experience. He has over 20 years of experience in senior and executive
management and held a C.P.A. license for over 25 years. Through his previous experience as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of a publicly-traded company, Mr. Crow brings valuable knowledge to the Board and the Audit Committee. Taiwo Danmola has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since February 2024. He joined our Board of Directors
concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Mr. Danmola has served as the Managing Member of Taiwo Danmola LLC since January 2021. He has also served as the part-time Chief Accounting Officer of Global Infrastructure Solutions Inc. since 2021. Mr.
Danmola has also served as Director of Security Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York since September 2022. Prior to his current positions, Mr. Danmola served as Assurance Partner at Ernst & Young, LLP from 2002 to 2020. Previously, Mr.
Danmola served as Assurance Partner at Arthur Andersen, LLP. Since 2022, Mr. Danmola served as a non-Trustee member of the Audit Committee of the Brooklyn Public Library and was appointed, effective April 2023, to its Board of Trustees. Mr. Danmola
holds a B.S. in Accounting and a Minor in Economics from St. John’s University. Mr. Danmola is a Certified Public Accountant in New York State. Mr. Danmola has vast experience in accounting and auditing. Through his previous experience as an Assurance Partner at large auditing firms,
he brings valuable knowledge to the Board and the Audit Committee. Paul S. Levy has served as Manager on the Board of
Managers of LA 13 since its inception in 2017. He joined our Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Mr. Levy founded JLL in 1988 and currently serves as its Managing Director. In addition, Mr. Levy is the Chairman of the
Board of Directors of 80 Table of Contents Builders FirstSource, Inc. Mr. Levy has also previously served on the boards of numerous private companies. In the last five years, Mr. Levy previously served on the boards of the following
public companies: Patheon, Inc. and PGT Innovations, Inc. Mr. Levy holds a B.A. in History from Lehigh University and a J.D. from University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Levy has vast experience investing in and managing a wide variety of businesses, including his long tenure on the Board of Managers of LA
13 and has served on the boards of directors of several public companies. Mr. Levy has also been a senior manager of a large company, general counsel of another company, and a practicing lawyer, bringing further breadth to his contributions to the
Board. Margaret (Peg) McGetrick has served as Manager on the Board of Managers of LA 13 since February 2024. She joined our
Board of Directors concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. Ms. McGetrick has served as Director of Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Co. (“GMO”), an investment management company, since 2011. From 2016 to 2017, Ms. McGetrick
served as the interim Chief Executive Officer of GMO when she stepped in from her Trustee position to manage a $70 billion global asset management firm through a corporate restructure and the hiring and onboarding of a new Chief Executive Officer.
Previously, Ms. McGetrick was a Founding Partner and Portfolio Manager of Liberty Square Asset Management, a majority women-owned, multi-billion dollar hedge fund. Prior to that role, Ms. McGetrick served as Partner and Head of International Active
at GMO. Ms. McGetrick has also served as Trustee of non-profit Save the Children US since 2017 and Trustee of Save the Children Association/Save the Children International Board since 2020. Ms. McGetrick holds a B.A. in Psychology and a B.S. in
Business Management from Providence College, and an M.S. in Finance from Fairfield University. Ms. McGetrick has extensive experience in
investing, financial matters, and knowledge and understanding of business and corporate strategy, including from her long tenure at GMO. She will bring valuable knowledge to the Board and the Audit Committee. Family Relationships There are no family
relationships between any of our executive officers or directors. Composition of Our Board of Directors after this Offering Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our certificate of incorporation provides for a classified board of
directors, with directors in Class I (expected to be Dirkson Charles, Anthony M. Carpenito, Taiwo Danmola and Paul S. Levy), directors in Class II (expected to be Raja Bobbili, Alison Bomberg and Margaret (Peg) McGetrick) and directors in
Class III (expected to be Brett Milgrim, David Abrams and M. Chad Crow). See “Description of Capital Stock.” Controlled Company Status For purposes of the corporate governance rules of the NYSE, we expect to be a “controlled company” upon completion of this
offering. Controlled companies under those rules are companies of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Abrams Capital, GPV Loar
LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim together will own more than 50% of our voting power upon completion of this offering. Accordingly, we expect to be eligible for, but do not currently intend to rely on, certain exemptions from the corporate
governance requirements of the NYSE. Specifically, as a “controlled company,” we would not be required to have (1) a majority of independent directors, (2) a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent
directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, (3) a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and
responsibilities or (4) an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and governance and compensation 81 Table of Contents committees. In the event we elect to rely on some or all of these exemptions in the future, you would not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all
of the applicable corporate governance rules of the NYSE. Board Leadership Structure and Our Board’s Role in Risk Oversight Committees of Our Board of Directors After the completion of this offering, the standing committees of our Board will consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a
Nominating and Governance Committee. Our Board may also establish from time to time any other committees that it deems necessary or desirable. The board of directors has extensive involvement in the oversight of risk management related to us and our business. Our chief executive
officer and other executive officers will regularly report to the non-executive directors and the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee to ensure effective and
efficient oversight of our activities and to assist in proper risk management and the ongoing evaluation of management controls. We believe that the leadership structure of our Board provides appropriate risk oversight of our activities. Audit Committee Upon the
completion of this offering, we expect to have an Audit Committee, consisting of Taiwo K. Danmola, who will be serving as the chair, M. Chad Crow and Margaret (Peg) McGetrick, each of whom qualifies as an independent director under
the corporate governance standards of the NYSE and the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our Board has determined that each of Mr. Danmola, Mr. Crow and Ms. McGetrick
qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The purpose of the Audit Committee will be to prepare the audit committee
report required by the SEC to be included in our proxy statement and to assist our Board in overseeing: • | accounting, financial reporting, and disclosure processes; • | adequacy and soundness of systems of disclosure and internal control established by management; • | the quality and integrity of our financial statements and related notes thereto and the annual independent audit of our financial statements; • | our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence; • | the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; • | our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in connection with the foregoing; • | compliance with our Code of Conduct; • | overall risk management profile; and • | preparing the audit committee report required to be included in our proxy statement under the rules and regulations of the SEC. Our Board will adopt a written charter for the Audit Committee, which will be available on our
website upon the completion of this offering. Compensation Committee Upon the completion of this offering, we expect to have a Compensation Committee, consisting of Raja Bobbili, who will be serving as the chair,
David Abrams and Paul S. Levy. 82 Table of Contents The purpose of the Compensation Committee is to assist our Board in discharging its
responsibilities relating to: • | the establishment, maintenance and administration of compensation and benefit policies designed to attract, motivate and retain personnel with the requisite skills and abilities to contribute to our long term success; • | setting our compensation program and compensation of our executive officers, directors and key personnel; • | monitoring our incentive compensation and equity-based compensation plans; • | succession planning for our executive officers, directors, and key personnel; • | our compliance with the compensation rules, regulations, and guidelines promulgated by NYSE, the SEC and other law, as applicable; and • | preparing the compensation committee report required to be included in our proxy statement under the rules and regulations of the SEC. Our Board will adopt a written charter for the Compensation Committee, which will be available
on our website upon the completion of this offering. Nominating and Governance Committee Upon the completion of this offering, we expect to have a Nominating and Governance Committee, consisting of Alison Bomberg, who will be
serving as the chair, Anthony M. Carpenito and Paul S. Levy. The purpose of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to: • | advise our Board concerning the appropriate composition of our Board and its committees; • | identify individuals qualified to become members of our Board; • | recommend to our Board the persons to be nominated by our Board for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders; • | recommend to our Board the members of our Board to serve on the various committees of our Board; • | develop and recommend to our Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and assist our Board in complying with them; and • | oversee the evaluation of our Board, our Board committees, and management. Our Board will adopt a written charter for the Nominating and Governance Committee, which will be available on our website upon the completion
of this offering. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation Committee has at any time been one of our executive officers or employees. None of our executive
officers currently serves, or has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the Compensation Committee or board of directors of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board or Compensation
Committee. We intend to enter into certain indemnification agreements with our directors and are party to certain transactions with our
stockholders described in “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Indemnification of Officers and Directors” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Registration Rights Agreement,”
respectively. 83 Table of Contents Director Independence Pursuant to the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE, a director employed by us cannot be deemed to be an “independent
director.” Each other director will qualify as “independent” only if our Board affirmatively determines that he has no material relationship with us, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has
a relationship with us. Ownership of a significant amount of our stock, by itself, does not constitute a material relationship. Our Board
has affirmatively determined that each of our directors, other than Mr. Charles and Mr. Milgrim, qualifies as “independent” in accordance with the rules. In making its independence determinations, our Board considered and
reviewed all information known to it (including information identified through directors’ questionnaires). Lead Independent Director Our corporate governance guidelines will provide that one of our independent directors will serve as the lead independent director
at any time when an independent director is not serving as the chairperson of the Board. Our Board appointed David Abrams to serve as our lead independent director concurrently with the Corporate Conversion. As lead independent director, Mr. Abrams
presides over periodic meetings of our independent directors; coordinates activities of the independent directors; collaborates with the Executive Co-Chairmen of the Board to establish meeting agendas, approve the quality, quantity, and timeliness
of materials sent to the full Board; approves Board meeting schedules; reviews and recommends committee memberships for the Board; lead discussions on the performance of the Chief Executive Officer; calls for executive sessions of the Board and
chairing those sessions; serves as chair of Board meetings if the Executive Co-Chairmen are unavailable; facilitates discussions among independent directors on key issues outside of full board meetings, including oversight of the Chief Executive
Officer and management succession and planning; authorizes the engagement of outside counsel and other advisors to report directly to the Board; confers with audit committee members and approve any proposed related party transactions (excluding
matters where the Lead Independent Director is the subject of the conflict); and performs such additional duties as our Board may otherwise determine and delegate. Background and Experience of Directors; Board Diversity When considering whether directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes, or skills, taken as a whole, to enable our
Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the board of directors focused primarily on each person’s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the
directors’ individual biographies set forth above. We believe that our directors provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of our business. In evaluating director candidates, we consider, and will continue to consider in the future, factors including, personal and professional
character, integrity, ethics and values, experience in corporate management, finance and other relevant industry experience, social policy concerns, judgment, potential conflicts of interest, including other commitments, practical and mature
business judgment, and such factors as age, gender, race, orientation, experience, and any other relevant qualifications, attributes, or skills. Code of Conduct We will adopt a
new Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our chief executive officer and chief financial and accounting officer. Our Code of Conduct will be available on our website upon the completion of this
offering. Our Code of Conduct is a “code of ethics,” as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions
of our code of ethics on our website. 84 Table of Contents Director Compensation We did not have any non-employee directors who received compensation for their service on our Board
during 2023. After the completion of this offering, each of our non-employee directors will be eligible to receive compensation for his or her service on our Board consisting of annual cash retainers of $100,000, payable quarterly. We understand that Mr. Abrams, Mr. Bobbili, Mrs. Bomberg, Mr. Carpenito and Mr. Levy intend to
waive any such cash retainers payable to them. We intend to offer first time non-employee directors the opportunity to make a one-time
election to participate in a stock purchase and matching grant program, which provides that if the non-employee director purchases shares of our common stock (the “Purchased Shares”) (the date of the first such purchase, the “Purchase
Date”) as part of the directed share program under “Underwriting—Directed Share Program” or, with respect to an individual who becomes a non-employee director after the closing of this offering, at fair value within 30 days
following the date the individual becomes a non-employee director, then the company will issue pursuant to the 2024 Plan a matching grant of fully vested shares of our common stock (the “Matching Grant Shares”) equal to 25% of the
aggregate fair value of the purchased shares, up to a maximum aggregate matching grant of $500,000 per director. If a non-employee director elects to participate in this program, the Matching Grant Shares will be restricted from sale pursuant
to the terms of the 2024 Plan as follows: all Matching Grant Shares will be restricted from sale prior to the third anniversary of such non-employee director’s Purchase Date, provided that such non-employee director may sell up to 50% of his or
her Purchased Shares beginning the day after the first anniversary of his or her Purchase Date and ending on the third anniversary of his or her Purchase Date, after which all such restrictions will cease. Our directors will be reimbursed for travel, food, lodging and other expenses directly related to their activities as directors. Our directors
are also entitled to the protection provided by the indemnification provisions in our bylaws that will become effective upon the completion of this offering. Our Board may revise the compensation arrangements for our directors from time to time. 85 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for our Chief Executive Officer and our two other most
highly compensated officers, whom we refer to as our “named executive officers.” For the year ended December 31, 2023, our named executive officers and their positions were as follows: • | Dirkson Charles, President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman; • | Brett Milgrim, Executive Co-Chairman; and • | Glenn D’Alessandro, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations
regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt in the future may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) | Option Awards ($) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (1) | All Other Compensation ($) (2) | Total ($)
Dirkson Charles | 2023 | 950,000 | — | — | — | 1,237,313 | 9,900 | 2,197,213
President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman
Brett Milgrim | 2023 | 750,000 | — | — | — | 976,826 | 9,900 | 1,736,726
Executive Co-Chairman
Glenn D’Alessandro Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer | 2023 | 438,700 | — | — | — | 285,689 | 9,900 | 734,289 (1) | Represents the named executive officer’s 2023 bonus payment under such officer’s employment agreement, which is payable within 30 days after the completion of the 2023 audited financial statements. Please see the section entitled “Employment, Severance and Change of Control Arrangements—Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” below for additional details. (2) | Represents the amount of the employer matching contribution made by the Company to the 401(k) plan for the named executive officer. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The following table reflects information regarding outstanding equity-based awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31,
2023. Option Awards (1)
Name | Grant Date | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable | Option Exercise Price ($) (5) | Option Expiration Date (5)
Dirkson Charles | October 2, 2017 | 2,500 | (2) | — | N/A | N/A
October 2, 2017 | 2,500 | (3) | — | N/A | N/A
October 2, 2017 | 500 | (4) | — | N/A | N/A
Brett Milgrim | October 2, 2017 | 2,500 | (2) | — | N/A | N/A
October 2, 2017 | 2,500 | (3) | — | N/A | N/A
October 2, 2017 | 500 | (4) | — | N/A | N/A
Glenn D’Alessandro | November 3, 2017 | 1,300 | (2) | — | N/A | N/A 86 Table of Contents (1) | All awards in this table consist of units representing membership interests in LA 13 that are intended to constitute profits interests for federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that units of LA 13 do not require the payment of an exercise price or have an option expiration date, we believe they are economically similar to stock options and, as such, they are reported in this table as “Option” awards. Awards reflected as “Exercisable” are units that have vested and remain outstanding. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, upon the occurrence of this offering, the members of LA 13, including each of our named executive officers, will receive shares of our common stock in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the LLC Agreement. Immediately following this distribution, LA 13 will liquidate in accordance with applicable law. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—LA 13 LLC Agreement” and “Principal Stockholders.” (2) | Represents Incentive Units of LA 13. For more information, see Note 11, Equity, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (3) | Represents Promote Units of LA 13. For more information, see Note 11, Equity, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (4) | Represents Special Promote Units of LA 13. For more information, see Note 11, Equity, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (5) | These equity awards are not traditional options, and therefore, there is no exercise price or option expiration date associated with them. Emerging Growth Company Status As an emerging growth company, we are currently exempt from certain requirements related to executive compensation, including the requirements
to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and to provide information relating to the ratio of total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all of our employees, each as
required by the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010, which is part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Employment, Severance and Change of Control Arrangements Employment Agreements In
connection with and upon the consummation of the offering, we anticipate entering into amended and restated employment agreements with each of our named executive officers, as well as Michael Manella, our Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary, each of which will provide for a term beginning upon the closing of this offering and continue until the agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms and conditions, and sets forth the initial annual base salary and performance
bonus opportunities, among other terms and conditions. These agreements will amend and restate similar employment agreements that Loar Group Inc. had entered into with each of our named executive officers, as well as Mr. Manella, effective as
of October 2, 2017. The amended and restated employment agreements will provide that Mr. Charles, Mr. Milgrim,
Mr. D’Alessandro and Mr. Manella be paid annual base salaries, which under the employment agreements in effect for 2023 were $950,000, $750,000, $449,400 and $403,200, respectively. In addition, each amended and restated employment
agreement provides for an annual performance bonus opportunity, as more fully described below under the heading “—Non-Equity Incentive Compensation.” Each of the amended and restated employment agreements will provide that upon a termination of employment by mutual consent, death, by the
Company with cause, by the executive without good reason, by the Company without cause, a resignation by the executive for good reason, or a termination of employment due to disability, each executive will be eligible to receive: (i) base
salary earned but not yet paid, (ii) any performance bonus that was owed for a prior completed year of service, (iii) payment of accrued but unused vacation, (iv) reimbursement of business expenses incurred but not yet paid, and
(v) other benefits vested and accrued at 87 Table of Contents such termination. In the case of a termination of employment by the Company without cause, a resignation by the executive for good reason, or a termination of employment due to disability, in
each case subject to the execution and delivery of a release of claims and the executive’s continued compliance with restrictive covenants (as described below), the executive will additionally be entitled to receive the following benefits: (a)
continuation of base salary for 24 months commencing on the first payroll date following the date of release, subject to customary terms, (b) a pro-rata portion of any performance bonus that would have been owed to the executive, and
(c) premiums for medical, prescription drug, dental and vision insurance coverage under COBRA in the event a post-separation plan is not agreed for either 18 months following the date of release or the until the executive ceases to be eligible
under applicable law or plan terms, whichever occurs first. Each of the amended and restated employment agreements will provide that the
executive is eligible to participate in our health and welfare benefit plans, including medical benefits and life insurance, on the same basis as other executives of the Company. Each of the employment agreements currently in effect contains the following restrictive covenants: (i) non-competition for a period of
24 months following termination, (ii) non-solicitation of employees or customers for a period of 24 months following termination, and (iii) perpetual confidentiality. Each of the amended and restated employment agreements also will
have a release containing the same above restrictive covenants, which will be separately executed and entered into by the executives and the Company. In connection with and upon the consummation of the offering each executive will receive additional
compensation and consideration in exchange for their agreement to comply with the restrictive covenants. The foregoing descriptions of
our amended and restated employment agreements is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of amended and restated employment agreements expected to be in effect at the closing of this offering, which
will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Non-Equity Incentive Compensation For 2023, our named executive officers, as well as Mr. Manella, were eligible to receive an annual
performance award. Performance was assessed against targets that were established and corresponding bonuses amounts outlined in the employment agreement. The performance target is based off of a budgeted value of “EBITDA,” defined as
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and, for the avoidance of doubt, calculated net of all compensation or bonuses required to be paid under the employment agreement and any other employment agreement or bonus plan of the
Company (the “Target”). The performance bonus is calculated based on a percentage of the “Target Bonus,” which is defined for Mr. Charles and Mr. Milgrim as 100% of base salary and Mr. D’Alessandro and
Mr. Manella as 50% of base salary. The performance bonus would be achieved based upon the following scale: for EBITDA of less than 85% of the Target, no performance bonus; for EBITDA of 85% of the Target, a performance bonus equal to 50% of the
Target Bonus; for EBITDA of 85% to 100% of the Target, a performance bonus equal to 50% to 100% of the Target Bonus on a straight line basis; for EBITDA of 100% of the Target, a performance bonus equal to 100% of the Target Bonus; for EBITDA of 100%
to 110% of the Target, a performance bonus equal to 100% to 150% of the Target Bonus on a straight line basis; and for EBITDA of 110% or more of the Target, a performance bonus equal to 150% of the Target Bonus. Equity Incentive Compensation Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, upon the occurrence of this offering, the members of LA 13, including each of our named executive officers and
Mr. Manella, will receive shares of our common stock in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the LLC Agreement. Immediately following this distribution, LA 13 will liquidate in accordance with applicable law. See “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions—LA 13 LLC Agreement” and “Principal Stockholders.” 88 Table of Contents Long-Term Incentive Plan In order to incentivize our employees following the completion of this offering, our Board adopted the 2024 Plan for employees, consultants
and/or directors on April 16, 2024. Our named executive officers will be eligible to participate in the 2024 Plan, which we expect will become effective upon the consummation of this offering. We anticipate that the 2024 Plan will provide for
the grant of options and stock bonuses, intended to align the interests of service providers, including our named executive officers, with those of our stockholders. Summary of the Equity Incentive Plan In connection with the consummation of this offering, our Board adopted, and our shareholders approved the 2024 Plan, pursuant to which
employees, consultants and directors of our company and employees, consultants and directors of our affiliates performing services for us, including our executive officers, will be eligible to receive awards. The 2024 Plan provides for the grant of
stock options intended to align the interests of participants with those of our shareholders. Share Reserve An aggregate of 9,000,000 shares of our common stock will be available for issuance under the 2024 Plan. Shares issued under the 2024 Plan
may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. If an award under the 2024 Plan expires, terminates, or is forfeited, settled in cash, or canceled without having been fully exercised, any unused shares subject to the award will be
available for new grants under the 2024 Plan. If shares issuable upon exercise, vesting, or settlement of an award are surrendered or tendered to the Company in payment of the purchase or exercise price of an award or any taxes required to be
withheld in respect of an award, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Plan, such surrendered or tendered shares will be added back to the share reserve. Awards granted under the 2024 Plan in substitution for any options or other
stock or stock-based awards granted by an entity before the entity’s merger or consolidation with us or our acquisition of the entity’s property or stock will not reduce the shares available for grant under the 2024 Plan, but may count
against the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. Administration The 2024 Plan will be administered by our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has the authority to construe and interpret the
2024 Plan, grant awards and make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the plan. Awards under the 2024 Plan may be made subject to “performance conditions” and other terms. Eligibility Our employees, consultants
and directors, and employees, consultants and directors of our affiliates, will be eligible to receive awards under the 2024 Plan. The Compensation Committee will determine who will receive awards, and the terms and conditions associated with such
award subject to the terms and conditions of the 2024 Plan. Term The 2024 Plan will terminate ten years from the date our Board approved the plan unless it is terminated earlier by our Board. Stock Options Options granted under the
2024 Plan may be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions of the 2024 Plan and as the Compensation Committee determines. The maximum term of options granted under the 2024 Plan is the earlier of (i) 10 years from
the grant date, (ii) 90 days after the date of termination of employment other than upon death, disability or cause, (iii) one year after the date of separation from service for death or disability, or (iv) upon termination for
cause. 89 Table of Contents Stock Bonuses Bonuses payable in fully vested shares of our common stock consist of matching share grants described under “Management—Director
Compensation. Additional Provisions Awards granted under the 2024 Plan may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all
such rights will be exercisable, during the participant’s lifetime, only by the participant, except for certain non-statutory stock options that may be transferred to certain family members as the
Compensation Committee determines. In the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2024 Plan), all outstanding stock options will
become immediately exercisable with respect to all of the shares subject to such stock options. In the event of any change to our outstanding common stock or capital structure, such as a stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, division, exchange, spin off, stock dividend, or extraordinary cash or non-cash dividend or other relevant change in capitalization or any extraordinary cash or non-cash dividend, all awards will
be equitably adjusted or substituted (which may include cash payments) to the extent necessary to preserve the economic intention of such awards. A committee or subcommittee appointed by the Board may establish a program under which dividend
equivalent rights may be granted in conjunction with other awards, and it is intended that any such dividend equivalent rights would be either exempt from, or in compliance with, Section 409A. IPO Grants In connection with this
offering, we anticipate granting an aggregate of 4,628,000 options to purchase shares of common stock to certain employees divided into five equal size tranches: Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, Tranche D and Tranche E. Tranche A vests on the first
anniversary of the closing of this offering with an exercise price set at the initial public offering price. Tranche B vests on the second anniversary of the closing of this offering with an exercise price set at the product of 1.10 and the initial
public offering price. Tranche C vests on the third anniversary of the closing of this offering with an exercise price set at the product of 1.21 and the initial public offering price. Tranche D vests on the fourth anniversary of the closing of this
offering with an exercise price set at the product of 1.33 and the initial public offering price. Tranche E vests on the fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering with an exercise price set at the product of 1.46 and the initial public
offering price. The options will expire on the earlier of (i) ten years from the grant date or (ii) 90 days after termination of employment other than upon death, disability or cause. Included in the 4,628,000 options we anticipate granting as described above, we anticipate granting 710,000, 710,000, 385,000 and 385,000
options to Mr. Charles, Mr. Milgrim, Mr. D’Alessandro and Mr. Manella, respectively. These options are subject to the same terms and conditions as set forth above. All awards granted in connection with this offering will be
subject to the terms of the 2024 Plan and individual award agreements. Mr. Charles is our President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director; Mr. Milgrim is our Executive Co-Chairman and Director;
Mr. D’Alessandro is our Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Manella is our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 90 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2021 and any currently proposed transactions to which we have been or
are to be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5% of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family
of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, arrangements of which are described under the sections titled “Executive Compensation” and
“Management—Director Compensation.” Corporate Conversion Prior to April 16, 2024, we operated as a Delaware limited liability company under the name Loar Holdings, LLC. On April 16, 2024, we
converted to a Delaware corporation and changed our name to Loar Holdings Inc. In the conversion, all of our outstanding equity interests were converted into shares of common stock. The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to reorganize our
structure so that the entity that is offering our common stock to the public in this offering is a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that our existing investors and new investors in this offering will own our common stock
rather than equity interests in a limited liability company. Registration Rights Agreement In connection with this offering, we intend to enter into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) with
Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Blackstone Credit, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim (together, the “Demand Stockholders”), as well as Glenn D’Alessandro and Michael Manella (together with the Demand Stockholders, the “Piggyback
Stockholders”). Demand Registrations. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Demand Stockholders are able to
require us to file a registration statement (a “Demand Registration”) under the Securities Act and we are required to notify holders of registrable securities that are party to the Registration Rights Agreement (the “Holders”) in
the event of such request (a “Demand Registration Request”). The holders of a majority of registrable securities among all Demand Stockholders may each issue up to two Demand Registration Requests for long-form registrations on Form S-1 or
any similar long-form registration statement so long as (i) the proposed maximum aggregate offering value of the registrable securities requested to be registered equals at least $50 million or (ii) all of the remaining registrable securities held
by all Demand Stockholders are sold in such offering. Each of the Demand Stockholders may issue up to two Demand Registration Requests in any twelve month period for short-form registrations on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration
statement so long as (i) the proposed maximum aggregate offering value of the registrable securities requested to be registered equals at least $20 million or (ii) all of the remaining registrable securities held by any Demand Stockholders are sold
in such offering. In addition, each of the Demand Stockholders may issue up to two requests in any twelve month period for take-down offerings (“Shelf Offering”) off of a shelf registration statement (“Take-down Request”) so long
as (i) the proposed maximum aggregate offering value of the registrable securities requested to be included equals at least $20 million or (ii) all of the remaining registrable securities held by any Demand Stockholders are sold in such offering.
All eligible holders will be entitled to participate in any Demand Registration or Shelf Offering upon proper notice to us, and we are required to use our best efforts to effect such participation in accordance with the terms of the Demand
Registration Request or Take-down Request, subject to the Additional Lock-up (as defined below) and certain rights we have to delay or postpone such registration. Piggyback Registrations. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, if at any time we propose or are required to register any of
our equity securities under the Securities Act (other than a Demand Registration or in connection with registration on Form S-4 or S-8 promulgated by the SEC or any successor or similar forms) (a “piggyback registration”), we will be
required to notify each Piggyback Stockholder of its right to participate in such registration. We will use reasonable best efforts to cause all eligible securities requested to be included in 91 Table of Contents the registration to be so included, subject to the Additional Lock-up. We have the right to withdraw or postpone a registration statement in which eligible holders have elected to exercise
piggyback registration rights, and eligible holders are entitled to withdraw their registration requests prior to the execution of an underwriting agreement with respect to any such registration. Additional Lock-up. All holders of registrable securities under the Registration Rights Agreement will be subject to lock-up
provisions under which they will agree not to sell or otherwise transfer their shares for a period of 180 days following the date of the final prospectus for this offering or 90 days following the date of the final prospectus for any other public
offering. Following the expiration of such 180-day lock-up period, Mr. Charles and Mr. Milgrim will not be permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the shares each of them held immediately following the closing of this offering until and including
September 30, 2027 (the “Additional Lock-up”), subject to limited waivers and exceptions, including (i) an exception for Mr. Charles to transfer up to $30 million of such shares held by him and (ii) an exception for Mr. Milgrim to transfer
up to $30 million of such shares held by him. If the number of shares that Abrams Capital sells during the Additional Lock-up period as a percentage of the total number of shares held by Abrams Capital immediately following the closing of this
offering exceeds 50%, then an additional exception to the Additional Lock-up would apply permitting either Mr. Charles or Mr. Milgrim to initiate a sale of shares to sell up to a pro rata amount calculated on the basis of such percentage. The Registration Rights Agreement will also provide that we will pay certain expenses of the Holders relating to such registrations and
indemnify them against certain liabilities which may arise under the Securities Act. Mr. Charles is our President, Chief Executive
Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director; Mr. Milgrim is our Executive Co-Chairman and Director; Mr. D’Alessandro is our Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Manella is our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Each of the
Demand Stockholders is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our capital stock. The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Registration
Rights Agreement expected to be in effect at the closing of this offering, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Voting Agreement In connection
with this offering, we expect Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim to enter into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”) pursuant to which (i) Abrams Capital, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim agree to vote
all of the shares of our common stock then owned by them and their controlled affiliates at any meeting at which Paul S. Levy, a designee of GPV Loar LLC, is standing for election as a director in favor of his election, (ii) GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson
Charles and Brett Milgrim agree to vote all of the shares of our common stock then owned by them and their controlled affiliates at any meeting at which any person identified by Abrams Capital as an Abrams Capital designee is standing for election
as a director in favor of the election of such Abrams designee, (iii) Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC and Brett Milgrim agree to vote all of the shares of our common stock then owned by them and their controlled affiliates at any meeting at which
Dirkson Charles is standing for election as a director in favor of his election and (iv) Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC and Dirkson Charles agree to vote all of the shares of our common stock then owned by them and their controlled affiliates at any
meeting at which Brett Milgrim is standing for election as a director in favor of his election. The Voting Agreement is expected to terminate automatically upon the earlier of (a) the 10th anniversary of its effective date and (b) the first date
that the aggregate number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by either Abrams Capital and its controlled affiliates or GPV Loar LLC and its controlled affiliates is equal to or less than 10%. The foregoing description of the Voting Agreement is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of
Voting Agreement expected to be in effect at the closing of this offering, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 92 Table of Contents Indemnification of Officers and Directors Following completion of this offering, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. See “Description of Capital Stock” below for more details. Credit Agreement Lender Blackstone Credit, a lender under our Credit Agreement, holds approximately 15% of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of
April 16, 2024, after giving effect to the sale of shares of common stock by us in this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. See “Principal Stockholders.” The largest
aggregate amount of principal outstanding owed to Blackstone Credit since January 1, 2021 was $530,700,000. The amount of principal outstanding owed to Blackstone Credit as of December 31, 2023, was approximately $527,300,000. During the
years ended December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, and the three months ended March 31, 2024, through the Administrative Agent, we paid to Blackstone Credit, as a lender under the Credit Agreement,
(i) approximately $3,517,000, $4,242,000, $5,935,000 and $1,736,000 in principal and (ii) approximately $28,578,000, $38,285,000, $62,862,000 and $17,053,000 in interest. As of December 31, 2023, the weighted average interest rate for
all outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement owed to Blackstone Credit was 12.7%. The President and sole member of Fall Leaf LLC
(“Fall Leaf”), a lender under our Credit Agreement, is our President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Co-Chairman and Director, Dirkson Charles. The largest aggregate amount of principal
outstanding owed to Fall Leaf since January 1, 2021 was approximately $8,000,000. During the years ended December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, and the period ended on the Sale Date (as defined below) through
the Administrative Agent, we paid to Fall Leaf, as a lender under the Credit Agreement, (i) approximately $80,000, $80,000, $80,000 and $0 in principal and (ii) approximately $648,000, $717,000, $949,000 and $88,000 in interest. The President and sole member of JAAN 1 LLC (“JAAN”), a lender under our Credit Agreement, is our Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer, Glenn D’Alessandro. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding owed to JAAN since January 1, 2021 was approximately $3,300,000. During the years ended December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2023, and the period ended on the Sale Date through the Administrative Agent, we paid to JAAN, as a lender under the Credit Agreement, (i) approximately $33,000, $33,000, $37,000 and $0 in principal and (ii) approximately $267,000,
$296,000, $391,000 and $36,000 in interest. The sole member of JAMA 3 LLC (“JAMA”), a lender under our Credit Agreement, is our
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Michael Manella. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding owed to JAMA since January 1, 2021 was approximately $1,350,000. During the years ended December 31, 2021,
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, and the period ended on the Sale Date through the Administrative Agent, we paid to JAMA, as a lender under the Credit Agreement, (i) approximately $14,000, $14,000, $18,000 and $0 in principal
and (ii) approximately $109,000, $121,000, $160,000 and $15,000 in interest. On January 31, 2024 (the “Sale Date”),
Fall Leaf, JAAN and JAMA sold the entire amount of indebtedness owed to each of them at par value to Blackstone Credit. Following the Sale Date, no amounts remained payable from the Company to any of Fall Leaf, JAAN or JAMA. The maturity date for
all outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement, including the loans received from Blackstone Credit described above, is April 2, 2026. On April 10, 2024, we executed the Fourteenth Amendment to Credit Agreement and the Master Open Market Purchase Agreement. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Agreement” for more details. 93 Table of Contents LA 13 LLC Agreement The LLC Agreement specifies the rights and obligations of the members of LA 13 and the rights of the various classes of limited liability
company interests therein. Limited liability company interests of LA 13 are currently held in the form of common units, incentive units, promote units and special promote units (with incentive units, promote units and special promote units being
collectively referred to as “profits interests”). Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, no members have voting rights. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the business and affairs of LA 13 is managed by a board of directors comprised of seven
(7) natural persons (each a “Manager” and collectively the “LA 13 Board”). Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, Dirkson Charles, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Co-Chairman, and Brett Milgrim, our Executive Co-Chairman, are each entitled to be a Manager. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement and as of date hereof, GPV Loar LLC has the
right to appoint one (1) Manager to the LA 13 Board. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement and as of the date hereof, ACP-L Holdings, LLC, and affiliate of Abrams Capital Management, L.P., has the right to
appoint the remaining four (4) Managers to the LA 13 Board. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, upon the occurrence of this offering, the
members of LA 13, including each of our listed executive officers, will receive shares of our common stock in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the LLC Agreement, which will result in our listed executive officers owning the number of
shares set forth in “Principal Stockholders.” Immediately following this distribution, LA 13 will liquidate in accordance with applicable law. We do not expect that any of our listed executive officers will receive net proceeds from this offering. See “Principal
Stockholders.” Based on the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share, after giving effect to the distribution described above, our Chief Executive Officer and our other listed executive officers will own approximately 11,606,650
shares of our common stock. Directed Share Program At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 660,000 shares of common stock, or 6% of the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale
at the public offering price through a directed share program to certain of our non-employee directors and employees. If purchased, these shares will be subject to the terms of any lock-up agreements. The number of shares of common stock available
for sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent that such persons purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other shares
offered by this prospectus. Related Persons Transaction Policy We will adopt formal written procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons, or the Related Persons
Transaction Policy. The Related Persons Transaction Policy will provide that the audit committee of our Board is charged with reviewing for approval or ratification all transactions with “related persons” (as defined in paragraph
(a) of Item 404 of Regulation S-K) that are brought to the audit committee’s attention. This policy will take effect upon the effectiveness of our certificate of incorporation in connection
with this offering, and as a result, certain of the transactions entered into prior to that date, including the transactions described under “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,” were not reviewed under the policy. We also maintain certain compensation agreements and other arrangements with certain of our listed executive officers, which are described
under “Executive Compensation” elsewhere in this prospectus. 94 Table of Contents PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock (i) as of and (ii) immediately following this offering,
as adjusted to reflect the sale of shares of common stock by us, in each case, by the following individuals or groups: • | each of our directors; • | each of our named executive officers; • | all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and • | each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock. The percentage ownership information shown in the table prior to this offering is based upon
77,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 16, 2024. The percentage ownership information shown in the table after this offering is based upon 88,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 16, 2024
after giving effect to the sale of shares of common stock by us in this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of
securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities, or have the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed beneficial owner of
the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. In addition, the rules include shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or
warrants that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable on or before June 15, 2024, which is 60 days after April 16, 2024. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or
warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The information contained in the following table is not
necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose, and the inclusion of any shares in the table does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities
identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. In addition, the following table does not reflect any shares of common
stock that may be purchased in this offering or pursuant to our directed share program described under “Underwriting—Directed Share Program.” Except as otherwise noted below, the address for persons listed in the table is c/o Loar Holdings Inc., 20 New King Street, White Plains, NY
10604. Shares Beneficially Owned Before Offering (1) | Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Assuming No Exercise of the Underwriters’ Option | Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Assuming Full Exercise of the Underwriters’ Option
Name of Beneficial Owner | Shares | % | Shares | % | Shares | %
5% Stockholders:
Abrams Capital Management, L.P. and affiliates (2) | 38,434,378 | 49.9 | 38,434,378 | 43.7 | 38,434,378 | 42.9
GPV Loar LLC (3) | 9,608,618 | 12.5 | 9,608,618 | 10.9 | 9,608,618 | 10.7
Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP and affiliates (4) | 12,811,449 | 16.6 | 12,811,449 | 14.6 | 12,811,449 | 14.3
Dirkson Charles (5) | 4,848,337 | 6.3 | 4,848,337 | 5.5 | 4,848,337 | 5.4
Brett Milgrim (6) | 4,594,173 | 6.0 | 4,594,173 | 5.2 | 4,594,173 | 5.1 95 Table of Contents Shares Beneficially Owned Before Offering (1) | Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Assuming No Exercise of the Underwriters’ Option | Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Assuming Full Exercise of the Underwriters’ Option
Name of Beneficial Owner | Shares | % | Shares | % | Shares | %
Named Executive Officers and Directors:
Dirkson Charles (5) | 4,848,337 | 6.3 | 4,848,337 | 5.5 | 4,848,337 | 5.4
Brett Milgrim (6) | 4,594,173 | 6.0 | 4,594,173 | 5.2 | 4,594,173 | 5.1
Glenn D’Alessandro | 1,089,028 | 1.4 | 1,089,028 | 1.2 | 1,089,028 | 1.2
David Abrams (2) | — | — | — | — | — | —
Raja Bobbili | — | — | — | — | — | —
Alison Bomberg | — | — | — | — | — | —
Anthony M. Carpenito | — | — | — | — | — | —
M. Chad Crow | — | — | — | — | — | —
Taiwo Danmola | — | — | — | — | — | —
Paul S. Levy (3) | 9,608,618 | 12.5 | 9,608,618 | 10.9 | 9,608,618 | 10.7
Margaret McGetrick | — | — | — | — | — | —
All executive officers and directors as a group (12 individuals) | 21,215,268 | 27.6 | 21,215,268 | 24.1 | 21,215,268 | 23.7 (1) | Represents economic interests in LA 13 and indirectly, of our common stock based on the initial public offering price of $28.00 per share and a hypothetical liquidating distribution by LA 13 of all cash and all shares of our common stock, in each case it holds prior to this offering in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement. (2) | Shares reported herein include shares deemed to be beneficially owned by (i) Abrams Capital Partners II, L.P. (“ACP II”), Riva Capital Partners IV, L.P. (“Riva IV”), Abrams Capital Partners I, L.P. (“ACPI”), Whitecrest Partners, LP (“WCP”), Great Hollow International, L.P. (“GHI”) and Riva Capital Partners V, L.P. (“Riva V”); (ii) Abrams Capital, LLC (“AC LLC”) that are held for the account of ACPI, ACPII, and WCP for which AC LLC serves as general partner; (iii) Riva Capital Management IV, LLC (“RCM IV”) that are held for the account of Riva IV for which RCM IV serves as general partner; (iv) Riva Capital Management V, LLC (“RCM V”; together with AC LLC, GHP, and RCM IV, the “GP Entities”) that are held for the account of Riva V for which RCM V serves as general partner and (v) Great Hollow Partners, LLC (“GHP”) that are held for the account of GHI for which GHP serves as general partner. Furthermore, shares reported herein also include shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Abrams Capital Management, L.P. (the “LP”) and Abrams Capital Management, LLC (the “LLC”). The LP serves as investment manager for ACP II, Riva IV, Riva V, ACPI, WCP and GHI. The LLC is the general partner of the LP. David Abrams is the managing member of the GP Entities and the LLC and, as such, may be deemed to beneficially own shares that are beneficially owned by the GP Entities and/or the LLC. The principal business address of these entities is 222 Berkeley Street, 21st Floor, Boston, MA 02116. (3) | Shares reported herein are owned by GPV Loar LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“GPV Loar”), the sole Manager of which is Paul S. Levy. As a result, Mr. Levy may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares held directly by GPV Loar. The address for GPV Loar and Mr. Levy is 440 Royal Palm Way, Palm Beach, FL 33480. (4) | Reflects shares held by GSO Capital Opportunities Fund III LP, Blackstone Private Credit Fund, BCRED Twin Peaks LLC, GSO Orchid Fund LP and GSO Barre des Ecrins Master Fund SCSp. (each, a “Blackstone Holder”). GSO
Capital Opportunities Associates III LLC is the general partner of GSO Capital Opportunities Fund III LP. GSO Holdings I L.L.C. is the managing member of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates III LLC. BCRED Twin Peaks LLC is wholly-owned by Blackstone Private Credit Fund. Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC is the investment manager of
Blackstone Private Credit Fund. Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP is the sole member of Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC. GSO
Orchid Associates LLC is the general partner of GSO Orchid Fund LP. GSO Holdings III L.L.C. is the sole member of GSO Orchid Associates LLC. Blackstone Europe Fund Management S.à r.l is the manager of GSO Barre des Ecrins Master Fund SCSp. Blackstone Alternative Credit
Advisors LP is the investment manager of Blackstone Europe Fund Management S.à r.l GSO Advisor Holdings L.L.C. is the special
limited partner of Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP with the investment and voting power over the securities beneficially owned by Blackstone Alternative Credit Advisors LP. Blackstone Holdings I L.P. is the managing member of GSO
Holdings I L.L.C. with respect to securities beneficially owned by the GSO Capital Opportunities Fund III LP and is the sole member of GSO Advisor Holdings L.L.C. Blackstone Holdings I/II GP L.L.C. is the general partner of Blackstone Holdings I
L.P. Blackstone Holdings IV, L.P. is the sole member of GSO Holdings III L.L.C. Blackstone Holdings IV GP LP is the general partner of Blackstone Holdings IV, L.P. Blackstone Holdings IV GP Management (Delaware) L.P. is the general partner
of Blackstone Holdings IV GP LP. Blackstone Holdings IV GP Management L.L.C. is the general partner of 96 Table of Contents Blackstone Holdings IV GP Management (Delaware) L.P. Blackstone Inc. is the sole member of Blackstone Holdings I/II GP L.L.C. and Blackstone Holdings IV GP Management L.L.C. The sole holder of
the Series II preferred stock of Blackstone Inc. is Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly owned by Blackstone Inc.’s senior managing directors and controlled by its founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman. Each
of the foregoing entities and individuals disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by the Blackstone Holders (other than each Blackstone Holder to the extent of its direct holdings). The principal business address of these
entities is c/o Blackstone Inc. 345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, New York 10154. (5) | Shares reported herein include shares owned by the Charles Family Trust 13, the trustee of which is Dirkson Charles. As a result, Mr. Charles may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares held directly by the Charles Family Trust 13. (6) | Shares reported herein include shares owned by BNM Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole Investments Manager of which is Brett Milgrim. As a result, Mr. Milgrim may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares held directly by BNM Capital LLC. 97 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK General Our authorized capital stock
consists of 485,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. After the consummation of this offering and the use of proceeds therefrom, we
expect to have 88,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding, assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The following description of our capital stock is intended as a summary only and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and to the applicable provisions of the DGCL. As of
April 16, 2024, we had one holder of our common stock and no preferred stock was issued and outstanding. Common Stock Dividend Rights . Holders of outstanding shares of common stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally
available at the times and in the amounts as our Board may determine from time to time. Voting Rights . Each outstanding
share of common stock will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of our common stock will have no cumulative voting rights. Preemptive Rights . Our common stock will not be entitled to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of
our securities. Conversion or Redemption Rights . Our common stock will be neither convertible nor redeemable. Liquidation Rights . Upon our liquidation, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our assets that
are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. Preferred Stock Our Board may, without
further action by our stockholders, from time to time, direct the issuance of shares of preferred stock in series and may, at the time of issuance, determine the designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional or
special rights as well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of
the common stock. Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of outstanding shares of preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends on shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of preferred stock may be
entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of our liquidation before any payment is made to the holders of shares of our common stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could, depending on the terms of the series, impede or discourage an acquisition attempt or other
transaction that some, or a majority, of the holders of our common stock might believe to be in their best interests or in which the holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their common stock over the market price of the common
stock. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of our common stock by restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting power of the common stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the
common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control, or other corporate action. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock may have an adverse
impact on the market price of our common stock. 98 Table of Contents Registration Rights In connection with this offering, we intend to enter into the Registration Rights Agreement. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions—Registration Rights Agreement.” Voting Agreement In connection with this offering, we expect Abrams Capital, GPV Loar LLC, Dirkson Charles and Brett Milgrim to enter into the Voting Agreement.
See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Voting Agreement.” Dividends The DGCL permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of “surplus” or, if there is no “surplus,” out of its net
profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. “Surplus” is defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the
board of directors. The capital of the corporation is typically calculated to be (and cannot be less than) the aggregate par value of all issued shares of capital stock. Net assets equal the fair value of the total assets minus total liabilities.
The DGCL also provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of the dividend, capital is less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Declaration and payment of any dividend will be subject to the discretion of our Board. The time and amount of dividends will be
dependent upon our financial condition, operations, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs and restrictions in our debt instruments, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the
payment of dividends to stockholders and any other factors our Board may consider relevant. Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation
and Our Bylaws Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions, which are summarized in the following
paragraphs, that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of the Company by
means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of common stock held
by stockholders. We believe the benefits of these provisions, including increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure our company, outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals. These provisions include: Classified Board . Our certificate of incorporation provides that our Board will be divided into three classes of directors, with
the classes as nearly equal in number as possible, and with the directors serving three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of our Board will be elected each year. The classification of directors
will have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board. Our certificate of incorporation will also provide that, subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors
under specified circumstances, the number of directors will be fixed exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by our Board. Upon completion of this offering, we expect that our Board will have ten members. Stockholder Action by Written Consent . Pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, any action required to be taken at any annual
or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior 99 Table of Contents notice and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes
that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, unless our certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation
precludes stockholder action by written consent on or after the effective date of this offering. Special Meetings of
Stockholders . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, except as required by law, special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of our Board or the chairman of our Board. Our
bylaws will prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or
management of the Company. Advance Notice Procedures . Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to
stockholder proposals and stockholder nomination of candidates for election as directors. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. In order for any
matter to be “properly brought” before a meeting, a stockholder has to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder’s notice must be received at our principal
executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s
notice. Our bylaws allow the chair of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings, which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and
regulations are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. Removal of Directors; Vacancies . Our certificate of incorporation provides all directors may only be removed for cause, and only
by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In addition, our certificate of incorporation also
provides that, subject to the rights granted to one or more series of preferred stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship on our Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring on our Board may
only be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the stockholders). No Cumulative Voting . Under Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation
specifically authorizes cumulative voting. Our certificate of incorporation does not authorize cumulative voting. Therefore, stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors are able to elect all of our directors. Authorized but Unissued Shares . Our authorized but unissued shares of
common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to stock exchange rules. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to
raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our Board to issue shares to persons friendly to current
management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly
deprive our stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Business Combinations . Upon completion of this offering, we will not be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the
DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that the 100 Table of Contents person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A “business combination” includes, among other things, a merger, asset or
stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the
determination of interested stockholder status, 15% or more of the corporation’s voting stock. Under Section 203, a business
combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: (1) before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business
combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (2) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned
at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee
stock plans, in some instances; or (3) at or after the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may “opt out” of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or
an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders’ amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We opted opt out of Section 203. Supermajority Approval Requirements Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that our Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our bylaws without a stockholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws
of the State of Delaware and our certificate of incorporation. Any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the
then-outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. The DGCL provides generally
that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation’s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate of incorporation requires a
greater percentage. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the following provisions in our certificate of incorporation may be
amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class: • | the provision requiring a 66 2/3% supermajority vote for stockholders to amend our bylaws; • | the provisions providing for a classified board of directors (the election and term of our directors); • | the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors; • | the provisions regarding entering into business combinations with interested stockholders; • | the provisions regarding stockholder action by written consent on or after the effective date of this offering; • | the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders; • | the provisions regarding filling vacancies on our Board and newly created directorships; 101 Table of Contents • | the provision establishing the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation; • | the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director or officer; and • | the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 66 2/3% supermajority vote. The combination of the classification of our Board, the lack of cumulative voting and the supermajority voting
requirements will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our Board as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our Board. Because our Board has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these
provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. Dissenters’ Rights of
Appraisal and Payment Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or
consolidation of us. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the
Delaware Court of Chancery. Stockholders’ Derivative Actions Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action,
provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder’s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. Exclusive Forum Our certificate of
incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other
employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any
other action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any “derivative action”, will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations thereunder and accordingly, we cannot be certain that a court would enforce these exclusive forum provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of
Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes 102 Table of Contents with us or any of our directors, officers or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds any such exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be unenforceable
or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to
have consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified types of actions and
proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Conflicts of Interest Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the
corporation or its officers, directors or stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation will, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Delaware law, renounce any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an
opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to certain of our officers, directors or stockholders or their respective affiliates, other than those officers, directors, stockholders or
affiliates who are our or our subsidiaries’ employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no non-employee director (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from (1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the
same or similar lines of business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or (2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that any non-employee director acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our affiliates, such
person will have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our certificate of incorporation
will not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-employee director solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our certificate of incorporation, we have sufficient financial resources to
undertake the opportunity, and the opportunity would be in line with our business. Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and
Directors The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors and certain officers to
corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors’ fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors and
officers for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the
rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. This
provision does not limit or eliminate the liability of any officer in any action by or in the right of the Company, including any derivative claims. Further, the exculpation does not apply to any director or officer if the director or officer has
breached the duty of loyalty to the corporation and its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director or officer. In addition, exculpation does not
apply to any director in connection with the authorization of illegal dividends, redemptions or stock repurchases. 103 Table of Contents Our bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers
to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also will be expressly authorized to carry directors’ and officers’ liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We
believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance will be useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions included in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breaches of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if
successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for
which indemnification is sought. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock will be Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. Listing We have been approved to list
our common stock on the NYSE under the trading symbol “LOAR.” 104 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for shares of common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, future sales of
shares of common stock, or the availability for future sale of shares of common stock, will have on the market price of shares of our common stock prevailing from time to time. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public
market or the perception that such sales might occur may adversely affect market prices of our common stock prevailing from time to time and could impair our future ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity or equity-related securities
at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Furthermore, there may be sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the existing legal and contractual restrictions lapse. This may adversely affect the prevailing
market price and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of our Common Stock—Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders
in the public market following the completion of this offering could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.” Upon
completion of this offering, we will have a total of 88,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding. The 11,000,000 shares of common stock sold in this offering (or 12,650,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to
purchase additional shares in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except that any shares held by our affiliates, as that term is defined under Rule 144, including our directors,
executive officers, and other affiliates, may be sold only in compliance with the limitations described below. The remaining outstanding
77,000,000 shares of common stock, representing 88% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock following the completion of this offering, will be deemed restricted securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and may be sold in the public
market only if registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act, which we summarize below. Lock-up Agreements In connection with this offering, we, our executive officers, directors, and all of our stockholders have agreed, subject to certain
exceptions, not to sell, dispose of, or hedge any shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock, without, in each case, the prior written consent of Jefferies LLC and Morgan Stanley and Co.
LLC, for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus. See “Underwriting” for a description of the lock-up agreements applicable to our shares. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144,
once we have been subject to public company reporting requirements for at least 90 days, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who is not deemed to be or have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time
during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than an affiliate, is entitled to sell such shares without complying with
the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year,
including the holding period of a prior owner other than an affiliate, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144, our affiliates or persons selling shares of our common stock on behalf of our affiliates, who have met the six
month holding period for beneficial ownership of “restricted shares” of our common stock, are entitled to sell upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements described above, within any 105 Table of Contents three-month period beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • | 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately 880,000 shares immediately after this offering; or • | the average reported weekly trading volume of our common stock on the during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling
shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements, and to the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made,
could adversely affect the price of our common stock after this offering because a great supply of shares would be, or would be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. We are unable to estimate the number of shares that will be sold under Rule 144 since this will depend on the market price for our common
stock, the personal circumstances of the stockholder and other factors. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701, any of our employees, directors, officers, consultants, or advisors who received shares from us in connection with
a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement before the effective date of this offering are entitled to resell such shares 90 days after the effective date of this offering in reliance on Rule 144, in the case of affiliates,
without having to comply with the holding period requirements of Rule 144 and, in the case of non-affiliates, without having to comply with the public information, holding period, volume limitation, or notice
filing requirements of Rule 144. Registration Statements on Form S-8 We intend to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register
all shares of common stock subject to issuance under the 2024 Plan to be adopted in connection with this offering. Any such Form S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing.
Accordingly shares of our common stock registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open market. We expect that the initial registration statement on Form S-8 will cover
9,000,000 shares of our common stock. Registration Rights For a description of rights that certain of our stockholders will have to require us to register the shares of our common stock they own, see
“Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Registration Rights Agreement.” Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares becoming freely tradable immediately upon effectiveness of such
registration. Following completion of this offering, the shares of our common stock covered by registration rights would represent
approximately 82% of our outstanding common stock (or 81%, if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). These shares also may be sold under Rule 144, depending on their holding period and subject to restrictions
in the case of shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates. 106 Table of Contents CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following discussion is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax
consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock issued pursuant to this offering. The discussion does not purport to be a complete analysis of
all potential tax consequences. The consequences of other U.S. federal tax laws, such as estate and gift tax laws, and any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax laws are not discussed. This discussion is
based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code (the “Treasury Regulations”), judicial decisions and published rulings and administrative pronouncements of
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), in each case in effect as of the date hereof. These authorities may change or be subject to differing interpretations. Any such change or differing interpretation may be applied retroactively
in a manner that could adversely affect a Non-U.S. Holder of our common stock. We have not sought and will not seek any rulings from the IRS regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance the
IRS or a court will not take a contrary position to that discussed below regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock. This discussion is limited to Non-U.S. Holders that hold our common stock as a “capital
asset” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a Non-U.S. Holder’s particular circumstances,
including, without limitation, the impact of the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income. In addition, it does not address consequences relevant to Non-U.S. Holders subject to special rules,
including, without limitation: • | U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States; • | persons subject to the alternative minimum tax; • | persons holding our common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk-reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment; • | banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions; • | real estate investment trusts or regulated investment companies; • | brokers, dealers or traders in securities or other persons that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their holdings in our stock; • | “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; • | partnerships or other entities or arrangements classified as partnerships, passthroughs, or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein), S corporations or other passthrough entities (including hybrid entities); • | tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations; • | persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the stock being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; • | persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code; • | persons who hold or receive our common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation; • | tax-qualified retirement plans; • | persons that own, or have owned, actually or constructively, more than 5% of our common stock; and • | “qualified foreign pension funds” as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code and entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds. 107 Table of Contents If an entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes
holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding our common
stock and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them. This discussion is for informational purposes only and is not tax advice. Investors should consult their tax advisors with respect to the
application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock arising under the U.S. federal estate or gift tax laws or under the laws of
any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable income tax treaty. Definition of
a Non-U.S. Holder For purposes of this discussion, a “Non-U.S. Holder” is any beneficial owner of our common stock that is neither a “U.S. person” (as defined below) nor an entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. A U.S. person is any person that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as any of the following: • | an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; • | a corporation, or an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • | an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or • | a trust that: (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more “United States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code); or (ii) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Distributions As described in the
section titled “Dividend Policy,” we have no present intention to pay dividends on our common stock. However, if we do make distributions of cash or other property on our common stock (other than certain distributions of our stock), those
distributions will generally constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. If the amount of such
distributions exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such excess will generally constitute a return of capital and will first be applied against and reduce a Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted
tax basis in its common stock, but not below zero. Any excess will be treated as capital gain and will be treated as described below under the subsection titled “—Sale or Other Taxable Disposition.” Subject to the discussion below on effectively connected income, dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder
of our common stock generally will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross amount of the dividends (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty, provided the Non-U.S. Holder furnishes the applicable withholding agent with documentation required to claim benefits under such tax treaty (generally, a valid IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or a successor form)). These certifications must be provided to the applicable withholding agent prior to the payment of dividends and must be updated periodically. A Non-U.S. Holder that does not timely furnish the required documentation, but that qualifies for a reduced treaty rate, may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim
for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding U.S. federal withholding tax on distributions, including their eligibility for benefits under any applicable income tax
treaties and the availability of a refund on any excess U.S. federal tax withheld. 108 Table of Contents If dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder are
effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable), the Non-U.S. Holder will generally be exempt from the
U.S. federal withholding tax described above. To claim the exemption, the Non-U.S. Holder must furnish to the applicable withholding agent a valid IRS Form W-8ECI (or a
successor form) certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States. However, any such effectively connected dividends will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular rates
applicable to U.S. persons. A Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such
effectively connected dividends, as adjusted for certain items. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules. The foregoing discussion is subject to the discussion in the subsections below titled “—Information Reporting and Backup
Withholding” and “—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”. Sale or Other Taxable Disposition Subject to the discussion in the subsections below titled “—Information Reporting and Backup Withholding” and
“—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act,” a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain realized upon the sale or other taxable disposition
of our common stock unless: • | the gain is effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder maintains a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States to which such gain is attributable); • | the Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the disposition and certain other requirements are met; or • | our common stock constitutes a U.S. real property interest (“USRPI”) by reason of our status as a U.S. real property holding corporation (“USRPHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, at any time within the shorter of (1) the five-year period preceding the Non-U.S. Holder’s disposition of our common stock and (2) the Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for our common stock. Gain described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular rates
applicable to U.S. persons. A Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such
effectively connected gain, as adjusted for certain items. Gain described in the second bullet point above will be subject to U.S.
federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may generally be offset by certain U.S. source capital losses of the Non-U.S. Holder, provided the Non-U.S. Holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. With
respect to the third bullet point above, we believe we currently are not, and do not anticipate becoming, a USRPHC. However, because the determination of whether we are a USRPHC depends on the fair market value of our USRPIs relative to the fair
market value of our non-U.S. real property interests and our other business assets, there can be no assurance we currently are not a USRPHC or will not become a USRPHC in the future. Even if we are or
were to become a USRPHC, gain arising from the sale or other taxable disposition by a Non-U.S. Holder of our common stock will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax if our common stock is 109 Table of Contents “regularly traded on an established securities market,” as such terms are defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, during the calendar year in which the disposition occurs, and such Non-U.S. Holder owned, actually and constructively, 5% or less of our common stock throughout the shorter of (i) the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or (ii) the Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for our common stock. If we were to become a USRPHC and our common stock were not considered to be “regularly traded on an established securities market” during
the calendar year in which the relevant disposition by a Non-U.S. Holder occurs, such Non-U.S. Holder (regardless of the percentage of stock owned) would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a sale or other taxable disposition of our common
stock and a 15% withholding tax would apply to the gross proceeds from such disposition. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding potentially applicable income tax treaties that may provide for different rules. Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding Payments of dividends on our common stock generally will not be subject to backup withholding
provided the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know the Non-U.S. Holder is a U.S. person and the Non-U.S. Holder certifies its non-U.S. status by furnishing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, W-8EXP or other applicable IRS form, or otherwise establishes an exemption. Information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any
distributions on our common stock paid to the Non-U.S. Holder, regardless of whether any tax was actually withheld. Copies of these information returns may also be made available under the provisions of an
applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides or is established. Information reporting and, depending on the circumstances, backup withholding generally will apply (at a current rate of 24%) to the proceeds
of the sale or other taxable disposition of our common stock within the United States or conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers, unless the applicable withholding agent receives the certification described above and does not have actual
knowledge or reason to know that the Non-U.S. Holder is a U.S. person, or the holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds of a disposition of our common stock conducted through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker that does not have certain enumerated relationships with the United States generally will not be subject to backup withholding or
information reporting. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be
allowed as a refund or a credit against a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (commonly
referred to as “FATCA”) on certain types of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Specifically, a 30%
withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on, and, subject to the discussion of the proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations below, gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, our common stock paid to a “foreign financial
institution” or a “non-financial foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code), unless: (i) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence, reporting and withholding
obligations; (ii) the non-financial foreign entity either certifies it does not have any “substantial U.S. owners” (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information regarding each
substantial U.S. owner; or (iii) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If the payee is a foreign financial institution
and is subject to the diligence, reporting and withholding requirements in (i) above, it must enter into an agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts held by certain
“specified U.S. persons” or “United States-owned foreign entities” (each as defined in the Code), (ii) annually report certain information about such accounts, and (iii) withhold 30% on certain 110 Table of Contents payments to noncompliant foreign financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with
the United States concerning FATCA may be subject to different rules. Under the applicable Treasury Regulations and administrative
guidance, withholding under FATCA generally applies to payments of dividends on our common stock. Withholding with respect to gross proceeds from the disposition of property such as our common stock was previously scheduled to begin on
January 1, 2019; however, such withholding has been eliminated under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, which can be relied on until final regulations become effective. There can be no assurance that final Treasury Regulations would provide an
exemption from withholding taxes under FATCA for gross proceeds. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the
potential application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in our common stock. 111 Table of Contents UNDERWRITING Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement, dated the date of this prospectus, among us and Jefferies LLC,
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and Moelis & Company LLC, as the representatives of the underwriters named below and the joint book-running managers of this offering, we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, and each of the underwriters has
agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase from us, the respective number of shares of common stock shown opposite its name below: Underwriter | Number of Shares
Jefferies LLC | 3,437,500
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC | 3,437,500
Moelis & Company LLC | 1,375,000
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. | 1,375,000
RBC Capital Markets, LLC | 1,375,000
Total | 11,000,000 The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the several underwriters are subject to certain
conditions precedent such as the receipt by the underwriters of officers’ certificates and legal opinions and approval of certain legal matters by their counsel. The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters will purchase all of the
shares of common stock if any of them are purchased. If an underwriter defaults, the underwriting agreement provides that the purchase commitments of the non-defaulting underwriters may be increased or the
underwriting agreement may be terminated. We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and certain of their controlling persons against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments that the
underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. The underwriters have advised us that, following the completion of
this offering, they currently intend to make a market in the common stock as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. However, the underwriters are not obligated to do so, and the underwriters may discontinue any market-making activities at any
time without notice in their sole discretion. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the liquidity of the trading market for the common stock, that you will be able to sell any of the common stock held by you at a particular time or that the
prices that you receive when you sell will be favorable. The underwriters are offering the shares of common stock subject to their
acceptance of the shares of common stock from us and subject to prior sale. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders in whole or in part. In addition, the underwriters have advised us
that they do not intend to confirm sales to any account over which they exercise discretionary authority except sales to accounts over which they have discretionary authority to exceed 5% of the common stock being offered. Commission and Expenses The underwriters
have advised us that they propose to offer the shares of common stock to the public at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and to certain dealers, which may include the underwriters, at that price less a
concession not in excess of $1.1424 per share of common stock. After the offering, the initial public offering price and concession to dealers may be reduced by the representatives. No such reduction will change the amount of proceeds to be received
by us as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. 112 Table of Contents The following table shows the public offering price, the underwriting discounts and
commissions that we are to pay the underwriters and the proceeds, before expenses, to us in connection with this offering. Such amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional
shares. Per Share | Total
Without Option to Purchase Additional Shares | With Option to Purchase Additional Shares | Without Option to Purchase Additional Shares | With Option to Purchase Additional Shares
Public offering price | $ | 28.000 | $ | 28.000 | $ | 308,000,000 | $ | 354,200,000
Underwriting discounts and commissions paid by us | $ | 1.904 | $ | 1.904 | $ | 20,944,000 | $ | 24,085,600
Proceeds to us, before expenses | $ | 26.096 | $ | 26.096 | $ | 287,056,000 | $ | 330,114,400 We estimate expenses payable by us in connection with this offering, other than the underwriting discounts and
commissions referred to above, will be approximately $4,000,000. We have also agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain of their expenses in an amount up to $65,000. Determination of Offering Price Prior to
this offering, there has not been a public market for our common stock. Consequently, the initial public offering price for our common stock was determined by negotiations between us and the representatives. Among the factors to be considered in
these negotiations will be prevailing market conditions, our financial information, market valuations of other companies that we and the underwriters believe to be comparable to us, estimates of our business potential, the present state of our
development and other factors deemed relevant. We offer no assurances that the initial public offering price will correspond to the price
at which the common stock will trade in the public market subsequent to the offering or that an active trading market for the common stock will develop and continue after the offering. Listing We have been approved to list
our common stock on the NYSE under the trading symbol “LOAR.” Stamp Taxes If you purchase shares of common stock offered in this prospectus, you may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges under the laws and
practices of the country of purchase, in addition to the offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus. Option to Purchase Additional
Shares We have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase, from time
to time, in whole or in part, up to an aggregate of 1,650,000 shares from us at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions. If the underwriters exercise this option,
each underwriter will be obligated, subject to specified conditions, to purchase a number of additional shares proportionate to that underwriter’s initial purchase commitment as indicated in the table above. This option may be exercised only if
the underwriters sell more shares than the total number set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. 113 Table of Contents No Sales of Similar Securities We, our officers, directors and holders of all our outstanding capital stock have agreed, subject to specified exceptions, not to directly or
indirectly: • | sell, offer to sell, contract to sell or lend, effect any short sale or establish or increase a “put equivalent position” within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in, or in any other way transfer or dispose of, in each whether effected directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units, currently or hereafter owned either of record or beneficially (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) or by any family member, or • | enter into any swap, hedge or similar arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of shares of common stock or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units, regardless of whether any such transaction is to be settled in securities, in cash or otherwise, or • | make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration under the Securities Act of the offer and sale of any Shares or Related Securities, or cause to be filed a registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement (or an amendment or supplement thereto) with respect to any such registration; provided that a demand may be made or a right may be exercised under the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to the registration 180 days after the date of this prospectus that does not require the filing of any registration statement or any public announcement or activity regarding such registration during such 180-day period, or • | publicly announce an intention to do any of the foregoing for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus without the prior written consent of Jefferies LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. This restriction
terminates after the close of trading of the common stock on and including the 180 th day after the date of this prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the securityholder may transfer shares of common stock or units or any options or warrants or other rights to
acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into
shares or units: i) | as a bona fide gift or to a charitable organization or educational institution; ii) | by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or any immediate family member of the securityholder; iii) | to a trust whose beneficiaries consist exclusively of one or more of the securityholder and/or an immediate family member; iv) | by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, or related court order related to the distribution of assets in connection with the dissolution of a marriage or civil union; v) | to a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which the securityholder or any immediate family member is the legal and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests; 114 Table of Contents vi) | if the securityholder is a trust, to a trustor, trustee or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust; vii) | if the securityholder is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity, to any shareholder, partner, or member of, or owner of a similar equity interest in, the securityholder, as the case may be; viii) | if the securityholder is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity, (A) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity so long as the transferee is an affiliate of the securityholder (including where the securityholder is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership) or (B) as part of a distribution or other transfer or distribution to general or limited partners, members or shareholders of, or other holders of equity interest in, the securityholder; ix) | that the securityholder may purchase shares of common stock (A) from the underwriters in this offering (if the securityholder is not an officer or director of the Company) or (B) in open market transactions after the completion of the offering; provided that no public disclosure or filing under the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership in connection with subsequent sales of shares of common stock or other securities acquired in this offering or in such open market transactions; x) | in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of options, restricted stock units, warrants or other rights to purchase shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units (including, in each case, by way of “net” or “cashless” exercise), including for the payment of exercise price and tax and remittance payments due as a result of the exercise, vesting or settlement of such options, restricted stock units, warrants or rights; provided that any shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units received as a result of such exercise, vesting or settlement shall remain subject to the terms of this agreement; and provided further that any such options, restricted stock units, warrants or rights are held by the securityholder pursuant to an agreement or equity award granted under a stock incentive plan or other equity award plan, each such agreement or plan which is described in the Registration Statement; xi) | pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction that is approved by the Board and made to all holders of the Company’s capital stock after the offering involving a change of control of the Company (including, without limitation, the entering into any lock-up, voting or similar agreement pursuant to which the securityholder may agree to transfer, sell, tender or otherwise dispose of shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units or other such securities in connection with such transaction, or vote any shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units or other such securities in favor of any such transaction), provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction is not completed, the securityholder’s shares and units or any options or warrants or other rights to 115 Table of Contents acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units, shall remain subject to the provisions of this agreement; or xii) | to the Company in connection with (A) the termination of the securityholder’s employment with the Company, (B) the securityholder’s death or disability or (C) pursuant to agreements under which the Company has the option to repurchase such shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units. Provided, however , that in any such case, it shall be a condition to such transfer that: • | in the case of any transfer pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii) above, each transferee executes and delivers to Jefferies and Morgan Stanley an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Jefferies and Morgan Stanley stating that such transferee is receiving and holding such shares and/or units or options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units, subject to the provisions of this letter agreement and agrees not to sell or offer to sell such shares and/or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units, engage in any swap or engage in any other activities restricted under this letter agreement except in accordance with this letter agreement (as if such transferee had been an original signatory hereto); and • | in the case of any transfer pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii) above, such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value; and • | in the case of any transfer pursuant to clauses (i) through (x) and (xii) above, prior to the expiration of such 180-day period, it shall be a condition to such transfer that no public disclosure or filing under the Exchange Act by any party to the transfer (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall be made voluntarily during such 180-day period, and if the securityholder is required to file a report under the Exchange Act reporting a change in beneficial ownership of shares or units or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of common stock or units or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock or units, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares or units during the Lock-up Period, the securityholder shall include a statement in such report indicating the circumstances of such transfer and, in the case of a transfer pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii), that the transferee has agreed to be bound by the terms of this letter. Jefferies LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC may, in their sole discretion and at any time or from time to time before the termination
of the 180-day period release all or any portion of the securities subject to lock-up agreements. There are no existing agreements between the underwriters and any of
our stockholders who will execute a lock-up agreement, providing consent to the sale of shares prior to the expiration of the lock-up period. Stabilization The underwriters have
advised us that they, pursuant to Regulation M under the Exchange Act, and certain persons participating in the offering may engage in short sale transactions, stabilizing transactions, 116 Table of Contents syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in connection with this offering. These activities may have the effect of stabilizing or maintaining the market price of the
common stock at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. Establishing short sales positions may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales. “Covered” short sales are sales made in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of
our common stock in this offering. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock or purchasing shares of our common stock in the open market. In
determining the source of shares to close out the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of shares available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase shares
through the option to purchase additional shares. “Naked” short sales are sales in excess of the option to purchase additional
shares of our common stock. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure
on the price of the shares of our common stock in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. A stabilizing bid is a bid for the purchase of shares of common stock on behalf of the underwriters for the purpose of fixing or maintaining
the price of the common stock. A syndicate covering transaction is the bid for or the purchase of shares of common stock on behalf of the underwriters to reduce a short position incurred by the underwriters in connection with the offering. Similar
to other purchase transactions, the underwriter’s purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our common stock or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our
common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. A penalty bid is an arrangement permitting the underwriters to reclaim the selling concession otherwise accruing to
a syndicate member in connection with the offering if the common stock originally sold by such syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction and therefore have not been effectively placed by such syndicate member. Neither we, nor any of the underwriters, make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the
transactions described above may have on the price of our common stock. The underwriters are not obligated to engage in these activities and, if commenced, any of the activities may be discontinued at any time. Electronic Distribution A prospectus in
electronic format may be made available by e-mail or on the web sites or through online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may
view offering terms online and may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of shares of common stock for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online
distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on the underwriters’ web sites and any information contained in any other web site maintained
by any of the underwriters is not part of this prospectus, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or the underwriters and should not be relied upon by investors. Other Activities and Relationships The
underwriters and certain of their affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment
research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. 117 Table of Contents The underwriters and certain of their affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various commercial and investment banking and financial advisory services for
us and our affiliates, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various
business activities, the underwriters and certain of their affiliates and employees may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments issued by us and our affiliates. If the underwriters or their respective affiliates
have a lending relationship with us, they routinely hedge their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may hedge such exposure by entering into transactions
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities or the securities of our affiliates, including potentially the common stock offered hereby. Any such short positions could adversely
affect future trading prices of the common stock offered hereby. The underwriters and certain of their respective affiliates may also communicate independent investment recommendations, market color or trading ideas and/or publish or express
independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Directed Share Program At our request,
the underwriters have reserved up to 660,000 shares of common stock, or 6% of the shares offered by this prospectus, for sale at the public offering price through a directed share program to certain of our non-employee directors and employees. If
purchased, these shares will be subject to the terms of any lock-up agreements. The number of shares of common stock available for sale
to the general public will be reduced to the extent that such persons purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other shares offered by this
prospectus. Other than the underwriting discount described on the front cover of this prospectus, the underwriters will not be entitled to any commission with respect to shares of common stock sold pursuant to the directed share program. We will
agree to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under the Securities Act, in connection with sales of the shares reserved for the directed share program. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC will
administer our directed share program. Selling Restrictions Canada (A) | Resale Restrictions The distribution of the shares in Canada is being made only in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia on a private
placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of these securities are made. Any resale of the shares in Canada must be made under applicable
securities laws which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory
authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the securities. (B) | Representations of Canadian Purchasers 118 Table of Contents By purchasing shares in Canada and accepting delivery of a purchase confirmation, a
purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: • | the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the shares without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws as it is an “accredited investor” as defined under National Instrument 45-106 – Prospectus Exemptions , • | the purchaser is a “permitted client” as defined in National Instrument 31-103— Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations , • | where required by law, the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent, and • | the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions. (C) | Conflicts of Interest Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that certain of the underwriters are relying on the exemption set out in section 3A.3 or 3A.4, if
applicable, of National Instrument 33-105 – Underwriting Conflicts from having to provide certain conflict of interest disclosure in this document. (D) | Statutory Rights of Action Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if the
prospectus (including any amendment thereto) such as this document contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of
the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser of these securities in Canada should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult
with a legal advisor. (E) | Enforcement of Legal Rights All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be
possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be
possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada. (F) | Taxation and Eligibility for Investment Canadian purchasers of the shares should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in
shares in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of the shares for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation. (G) | Language of Documents The purchaser confirms its express wish and that it has requested that this document, all documents evidencing or relating to the sale of the
securities described herein and all other related documents be drawn up exclusively in the English language. L’acquéreur confirme sa volonté expresse et qu’il a demandé que le présent document, tous les
documents attestant de la vente des titres décrits dans le présent document ou s’y rapportant ainsi que tous les autres documents s’y rattachant soient rédigés exclusivement en langue anglaise. Australia This prospectus is not
a disclosure document for the purposes of Australia’s Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia, or Corporations Act, has not been lodged with the Australian Securities & Investments 119 Table of Contents Commission and is only directed to the categories of exempt persons set out below. Accordingly, if you receive this prospectus in Australia: You confirm and warrant that you are either: a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act; a “sophisticated investor” under section 708(8)(c) or (d) of the Corporations Act and that you have provided an
accountant’s certificate to the Company which complies with the requirements of section 708(8)(c)(i) or (ii) of the Corporations Act and related regulations before the offer has been made; a person associated with the Company under Section 708(12) of the Corporations Act; or a “professional investor” within the meaning of section 708(11)(a) or (b) of the Corporations Act. To the extent that you are unable to confirm or warrant that you are an exempt sophisticated investor, associated person or professional
investor under the Corporations Act any offer made to you under this prospectus is void and incapable of acceptance. You warrant and
agree that you will not offer any of the securities issued to you pursuant to this prospectus for resale in Australia within 12 months of those securities being issued unless any such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure
document under section 708 of the Corporations Act. European Economic Area In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), no shares have been offered or will be
offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which have been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that the shares may be offered to the public in that Relevant State at any time: (a) | to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; (b) | to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of representatives for any such offer; or (c) | in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of the shares shall require us or any of the representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the
expression “offer to the public” in relation to the shares in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Hong Kong No securities have been
offered or sold, and no securities may be offered or sold, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures, 120 Table of Contents whether as principal or agent; or to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”) and any rules made under that
Ordinance; or in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (“CO”) or which do not constitute an offer or invitation to the public for
the purpose of the CO or the SFO. No document, invitation or advertisement relating to the securities has been issued or may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or
elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to securities which are or are intended to
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. This prospectus has not been registered with the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may not be issued,
circulated or distributed in Hong Kong, and the securities may not be offered for subscription to members of the public in Hong Kong. Each person acquiring the securities will be required, and is deemed by the acquisition of the securities, to
confirm that he is aware of the restriction on offers of the securities described in this prospectus and the relevant offering documents and that he is not acquiring, and has not been offered any securities in circumstances that contravene any such
restrictions. Israel This
document does not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968, or the Securities Law, and has not been filed with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, this prospectus is being distributed only to, and is
directed only at, and any offer of the shares is directed only at, (i) a limited number of persons in accordance with the Israeli Securities Law and (ii) investors listed in the first addendum, or the Addendum, to the Israeli Securities
Law, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters, venture capital funds, entities with equity in
excess of NIS 50 million and “qualified individuals,” each as defined in the Addendum (as it may be amended from time to time), collectively referred to as qualified investors (in each case, purchasing for their own account or, where
permitted under the Addendum, for the accounts of their clients who are investors listed in the Addendum). Qualified investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum, are aware of the meaning of
same and agree to it. Japan The offering has not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948 of
Japan, as amended), or FIEL, and the underwriters will not offer or sell any securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including
any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. Singapore This prospectus has not
been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of
the shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an
institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in
accordance with the conditions specified in 121 Table of Contents Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: (a) | a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) | a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under
Section 275 of the SFA except: (i) | to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; (ii) | where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; (iii) | where the transfer is by operation of law; (iv) | as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or (v) | as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. Switzerland The securities may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other
stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This prospectus has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure
standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material
relating to the securities or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this
prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company or the securities have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this prospectus will not be filed with, and
the offer of securities will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and the offer of securities has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes
(“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of securities. United Kingdom No shares have
been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, except that the shares may be
offered to the public in the United Kingdom at any time: (a) | to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 122 Table of Contents (b) | to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or (c) | in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such offer of the shares shall require the Company or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the shares in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 123 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Benesch, Friedlander, Coplan &
Aronoff LLP, New York, New York. Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for the underwriters by Ropes & Gray LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31, 2023, appearing in this prospectus and registration statement have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon appearing elsewhere herein,
and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock offered by this prospectus with the SEC. This prospectus is a part of the registration statement and does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and its
exhibits and schedules, portions of which have been omitted as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information about us and our common stock, you should refer to the registration statement and its exhibits and schedules.
Statements contained in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract or other document referred to in those documents are not necessarily complete, and in each instance, we refer you to the copy of the contract or other document filed as
an exhibit to the registration statement or other document. Each of these statements is qualified in all respects by this reference. Following the completion of this offering, we will be subject to the informational reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in
accordance with the Exchange Act, we will file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC will be available to the public on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Those filings will also be available to the public on, or accessible through, our website (www.loargroup.com), free of charge, under the heading “Investor Relations.” The information we file with the SEC or contained on or accessible
through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We intend to make available to our common stockholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by an independent registered
public accounting firm. 124 Table of Contents INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst & Young LLP, PCAOB ID:42) | F-2
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Member’s Equity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Members and the Board of Directors of Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, member’s equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as
the Company’s auditor since 2013. Stamford, Connecticut April 2, 2024, except for Note 19, as to which the date is April 23, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands) 2023 | 2022
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 21,489 | $ | 35,497
Accounts receivable, net | 59,002 | 40,897
Inventories | 77,962 | 61,001
Other current assets | 11,830 | 11,806
Income taxes receivable | 393 | 645
Total current assets | 170,676 | 149,846
Property, plant and equipment, net | 72,174 | 63,521
Finance lease assets | 2,448 | 2,726
Operating lease assets | 6,297 | 5,629
Other long-term assets | 11,420 | 8,150
Intangible assets, net | 316,542 | 322,657
Goodwill | 470,888 | 441,992
Total assets | $ | 1,050,445 | $ | 994,521
Liabilities and member’s equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 12,876 | $ | 10,167
Current portion of long-term debt, net | 6,896 | 5,039
Current portion of finance lease liabilities | 190 | 153
Current portion of operating lease liabilities | 609 | 826
Income taxes payable | 6,133 | 1,471
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 24,776 | 20,749
Total current liabilities | 51,480 | 38,405
Deferred income taxes | 36,785 | 40,641
Long-term debt, net | 528,582 | 481,986
Finance lease liabilities | 3,401 | 3,592
Operating lease liabilities | 5,802 | 4,848
Environmental liabilities | 1,145 | 1,225
Other long-term liabilities | 5,109 | 1,850
Commitments and contingencies
Member’s equity | 418,141 | 421,974
Total liabilities and member’s equity | $ | 1,050,445 | $ | 994,521 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except common unit and per common unit amounts) Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Net sales | $ | 317,477 | $ | 239,434
Cost of sales | 163,213 | 127,934
Gross profit | 154,264 | 111,500
Selling, general and administrative expenses | 82,141 | 66,536
Transaction expenses | 3,394 | 6,365
Other income | 762 | 861
Operating income | 69,491 | 39,460
Interest expense, net | 67,054 | 42,071
Income (loss) before income taxes | 2,437 | (2,611 | )
Income tax (provision) benefit | (7,052 | ) | 142
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Net loss per common unit – basic and diluted | $ | (22,620.18 | ) | $ | (12,101.03 | )
Weighted average common units outstanding – basic and diluted | 204 | 204 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Cumulative translation adjustments, net of tax | 410 | (567 | )
Comprehensive loss | $ | (4,205 | ) | $ | (3,036 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Statements of Member’s Equity (in thousands) Balance, January 1, 2022 | $ | 423,484
Net loss | (2,469 | )
Stock-based compensation | 1,526
Cumulative translation adjustments, net of tax | (567 | )
Balance, December 31, 2022 | 421,974
Net loss | (4,615 | )
Stock-based compensation | 372
Cumulative translation adjustments, net of tax | 410
Balance, December 31, 2023 | $ | 418,141 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Operating activities
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation | 9,938 | 8,882
Amortization of intangible and other long-term assets | 28,086 | 25,074
Amortization of debt issuance costs | 2,583 | 2,298
Recognition of inventory step-up | 603 | 704
Stock-based compensation | 372 | 1,526
Deferred income taxes | (3,757 | ) | (3,741 | )
Non-cash lease expense | 871 | 892
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable | (13,734 | ) | (8,534 | )
Inventories | (11,171 | ) | (6,193 | )
Other assets | (1,848 | ) | (7,414 | )
Accounts payable | 808 | 1,229
Other liabilities | 5,560 | 2,231
Environmental liabilities | (80 | ) | (111 | )
Operating lease liabilities | (803 | ) | (1,104 | )
Net cash provided by operating activities | 12,813 | 13,270
Investing activities
Capital expenditures | (12,134 | ) | (7,934 | )
Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired | (60,423 | ) | (173,899 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (72,557 | ) | (181,833 | )
Financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt | 53,000 | 145,000
Payments of long-term debt | (6,070 | ) | (4,369 | )
Debt issuance costs | (1,060 | ) | (3,549 | )
Payments of finance lease liabilities | (153 | ) | (162 | )
Payment of deferred purchase obligation | — | (1,615 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 45,717 | 135,305
Effect of translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents | 19 | 160
Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | (14,008 | ) | (33,098 | )
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period | 35,497 | 68,595
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period | $ | 21,489 | $ | 35,497
Supplemental information
Interest paid during the period, net of capitalized amounts | $ | 64,214 | $ | 39,604
Income taxes paid during the period, net of refunds | $ | 5,044 | $ | 2,575 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Organization In August 2017, Loar Holdings, LLC (Loar or the Company) was formed as a Limited Liability Company for the purpose of acquiring Loar Group Inc. (LGI) (the
Acquisition). LGI, formed in 2012, and its subsidiaries (Loar Group), specialize in the design and manufacture of aerospace and defense components. Loar is a private holding company and is 100% owned by Loar Acquisition 13, LLC (LA13). Description of Business Loar specializes in the design,
manufacture, and sale of niche aerospace and defense components that are essential for today’s aircraft and aerospace and defense systems. The Company focuses on mission-critical highly engineered solutions with high intellectual property
content. Manufactured products include a diverse range of applications supporting nearly every major aircraft platform in use today and include auto throttles, lap-belt airbags, two- and three-point seat
belts, water purification systems, fire barriers, polyimide washers and bushings, latches, hold-open and tie rods, temperature and fluid sensors and switches, carbon and metallic brake discs, fluid and pneumatic-based ice protection, RAM air
components, sealing solutions and motion and actuation devices, among others. The Company’s activities are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries, which operate across ten manufacturing facilities located in the United States, one
manufacturing facility in Germany and one manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom (UK). Loar’s operations are organized and managed as one
segment designed to offer its customers aerospace related parts and supplies. A chief operating decision maker assesses performance and allocates resources based upon an evaluation of consolidated data that includes the results of the Company’s
overall operations that have similar economic characteristics. As such, the single operating segment reflects how the Company’s operations are managed, how resources are allocated, and how operating performance is evaluated by senior
management. The Company’s customers are concentrated in the aerospace industry. The Company’s two largest customers accounted for approximately
24% and 27% of sales during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and approximately 36% and 33% of accounts receivable at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company had approximately 1,300 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. Approximately 200 of the full-time and part-time employees are represented
by labor unions. One collective bargaining agreement between the Company and its labor union expires on October 31, 2025 and one collective bargaining agreement, covering approximately 60 employees, does not have an expiration. Geographic Area Information Net sales are measured based
on the geographic destination of sales. Long-lived tangible assets consist of property, plant and equipment, net and finance and operating lease assets. Net sales and tangible long-lived assets of individual countries outside of the United States
are not material. F-7 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 1. Organization (continued) Net sales by geographic area were as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
United States | $ | 213,692 | $ | 171,523
Foreign countries | 103,785 | 67,911
$ | 317,477 | $ | 239,434 Long-lived tangible assets were as follows (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
United States | $ | 70,821 | $ | 66,858
Foreign countries | 10,098 | 5,018
$ | 80,919 | $ | 71,876 2. Acquisitions DAC
Engineered Products, LLC On July 3, 2023, the Company acquired Desser Aerospace’s Proprietary Solutions businesses from VSE Corporation
(NASDAQ:VSEC; VSE) for $31.4 million in cash. The acquired entities operate as DAC Engineered Products, LLC (DAC). Under the purchase agreement, there is a potential future payout of up to $7.0 million to the seller related to achieving
certain financial targets for 2024 and 2025. The fair value of the liability in connection with this contingent payout is de minimis. DAC’s products include, but are not limited to: carbon brake discs, steel brake discs, starter generators and
vacuum generators, primarily for general aviation and regional jets. The total purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based upon the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, Business Combinations . The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price
allocation of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the transaction date (in thousands): Assets acquired:
Current assets | $ | 3,768
Property, plant and equipment | 763
Intangible assets | 10,500
Goodwill | 17,529
Deferred taxes | 448
Total assets acquired | 33,008
Liabilities assumed:
Current liabilities | 1,341
Long-term liabilities | 249
Total liabilities assumed | 1,590
Net assets acquired | $ | 31,418 F-8 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 2. Acquisitions (continued) Inventory was recorded at its estimated fair value, which represented an amount equivalent to estimated
selling price less fulfillment costs and a normative selling profit. The increase in fair value of inventory from the acquisition was approximately $0.2 million, which was recognized in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31,
2023. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies with other acquired companies, combined with the industry
operating expertise of management. These are among the factors that contributed to a purchase price that resulted in the recognition of goodwill. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of DAC are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the completion of the
acquisition. DAC contributed $7.9 million of net sales and $2.0 million of operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023. Pro forma financial information Had the
acquisition of DAC occurred as of January 1, 2022, net sales on a pro forma basis for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 would not have been materially different than the reported amounts. Additionally, income (loss) before income
taxes on a pro forma basis for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 would have been $2.1 million and $(2.8) million, respectively. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have
occurred had the acquisition been effective January 1, 2022, nor are they intended to be indicative of results that may occur in the future. The underlying pro forma information includes the historical financial results of the Company and the
acquired business adjusted for certain items such as amortization of acquired intangible assets of $0.4 million and $0.7 million and interest expense of $1.3 million and $1.9 million, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The pro forma information does not include the effects of any synergies, cost reduction initiatives or anticipated integration costs related to the acquisitions. CAV Systems Group Limited On September 1, 2023,
LGI, through its newly formed UK subsidiary, Change Acquisition Limited, acquired 100% of the stock of CAV Systems Group Limited (CAV), a leading provider of highly engineered ice protection and drag reduction systems for $29.0 million in cash.
The Company recorded an additional $3.1 million in purchase consideration that may be paid to the seller if CAV achieves certain financial targets for the years 2023 through 2026. The maximum payout to the seller related to achieving these
financial targets are $18.4 million. The additional purchase consideration is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. F-9 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 2. Acquisitions (continued) The total purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon
the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed at the transaction date (in thousands): Assets acquired:
Current assets | $ | 7,922
Property, plant and equipment | 6,605
Intangible assets | 9,884
Goodwill | 12,124
Deferred taxes | 100
Total assets acquired | 36,635
Liabilities assumed:
Current liabilities | 6,610
Long-term liabilities | 1,019
Total liabilities assumed | 7,629
Net assets acquired | $ | 29,006 Inventory was recorded at its estimated fair value, which represented an amount equivalent to estimated selling price less
fulfillment costs and a normative selling profit. The increase in fair value of inventory from the acquisition was approximately $0.4 million, which was recognized in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2023. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies with other acquired companies, combined with the industry operating
expertise of management. These are among the factors that contributed to a purchase price that resulted in the recognition of goodwill. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of CAV are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the completion of the
acquisition. CAV contributed $6.5 million of net sales and had a $0.2 million operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2023. Pro forma financial information Had the
acquisition of CAV occurred as of January 1, 2022, net sales on a pro forma basis for the year ended December 31, 2023 would not have been materially different than the reported amount and net sales on a proforma basis for the year ended
December 31, 2022 would have been $260.0 million. Additionally, income (loss) before income taxes on a pro forma basis for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 would have been $0.4 million and $(3.5) million, respectively.
The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the acquisition been effective January 1, 2022, nor are they intended to be indicative of results that may occur in the future. The
underlying pro forma information includes the historical financial results of the Company and the acquired business adjusted for certain items such as amortization of acquired intangible assets of $0.4 million and $0.8 million and interest
expense of $2.4 million and $3.2 million, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The pro forma information does not include the effects of any synergies, cost reduction initiatives or anticipated integration
costs related to the acquisitions. F-10 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 2. Acquisitions (continued) SCHROTH Safety Products On July 28, 2022, LGI, through its newly formed German subsidiary, SCHROTH Acquisition GmbH, acquired 100% of the stock of SSP International GmbH, the
owner of SCHROTH Safety Products GmbH and SCHROTH Safety Products LLC (collectively referred to as SCHROTH) for approximately $173.9 million in cash. The total purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the estimated fair values at the date of
acquisition in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the transaction date (in
thousands): Assets acquired:
Current assets | $ | 15,474
Property, plant and equipment | 3,310
Intangible assets | 75,500
Goodwill | 103,990
Total assets acquired | 198,274
Liabilities assumed:
Current liabilities | 6,319
Long-term liabilities | 1,395
Deferred income taxes | 16,661
Total liabilities assumed | 24,375
Net assets acquired | $ | 173,899 Inventory was recorded at its estimated fair value, which represented an amount equivalent to estimated selling price less
fulfillment costs and a normative selling profit. The increase in fair value of inventory from the acquisition was approximately $0.7 million, which was recognized in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies with other acquired companies, combined with the industry operating
expertise of management. These are among the factors that contributed to a purchase price that resulted in the recognition of goodwill. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of SCHROTH are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the completion of the
acquisition. SCHROTH contributed $17.4 million of net sales and $1.3 million of operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Pro forma financial information The pro forma information below gives effect to the SCHROTH acquisition as if it had been completed on January 1, 2022. The table below
presents unaudited pro forma consolidated income statement information as if the SCHROTH acquisition had been included in the Company’s consolidated results for the entire period reflected. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results that would have occurred had the acquisition been effective January 1, 2022, nor are they intended to be indicative of results that may occur in the future. The underlying pro forma information includes the historical
financial results of the F-11 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 2. Acquisitions (continued) Company and the acquired business adjusted for certain items such as amortization of acquired intangible assets and interest expense of $2.5 million and $7.6 million, respectively. The
pro forma information does not include the effects of any synergies, cost reduction initiatives or anticipated integration costs related to the acquisitions. Year Ended December 31, 2022
Net sales | $ | 262,860
Loss before income taxes | (7,199 | ) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The
accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions between
consolidated entities have been eliminated. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Examples include estimates related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence, purchase price allocation for intangible assets and
goodwill arising from business combinations, useful lives of definite-lived assets, income taxes, stock-based compensation, environmental reserves and litigation. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Cash and
cash equivalents consist only of cash and investments with original maturities of three months or less. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 there were no cash equivalents or restricted cash. Accounts Receivable The Company does not require
collateral for its trade accounts receivable. Accounts receivable have been reduced by an allowance based on specific account evaluations, historical write-offs and economic conditions. When a receivable balance is known to be uncollectible, it is
written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. All provisions for allowances for credit losses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted-average cost method of inventory accounting. Write-downs for slow-moving and obsolete inventories are provided based on current assessments about future product demand, production
requirements for the next 12 months and usage for the last 12 months. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. When assets are
retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated F-12 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) depreciation are eliminated from the accounts, and any gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the related assets as follows: buildings from 25 to 40 years, leasehold improvements from one to 20 years, machinery and equipment from three to 12 years and furniture and fixtures from two to 10 years. Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Intangible assets consist
of customer relationships, tradenames, technology, favorable leases and contract backlog, which are stated at cost and are being amortized on a straight-line method over periods of one to 20 years. The estimated useful lives are evaluated annually. Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets,
including finite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, are assessed for recoverability if any event occurs or circumstances change that indicates possible impairment. In evaluating the value and future economic benefits of
long-lived assets, the carrying value of the asset or group of assets is compared to management’s estimate of the anticipated undiscounted future net cash flows of the related long-lived asset. There were no impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022. Goodwill and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets The Company does not amortize goodwill and other intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite lives. The Company reviews these assets for impairment at
least annually, on the first day of the fourth quarter, using either a qualitative or quantitative analysis. Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change which would indicate that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. During fiscal 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . Pursuant to ASU 2017-04, an impairment loss
is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-04, an impairment loss was recognized
in the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill exceeded its implied fair value. When evaluating whether goodwill is
impaired, the Company performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is
less than its carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value (including goodwill). If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for
the reporting unit and the Company must measure the impairment loss. The impairment loss, if any, is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. Fair value
of the reporting unit is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further impairment analysis is needed. F-13 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, the Company operates as a single reporting unit. No goodwill
impairment charge was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Debt Issuance Costs Debt issuance costs represent legal and other direct costs related to the Company’s long-term debt. These costs are recorded as a reduction to the
carrying value of the loans payable on the consolidated balance sheets. Debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method through the final principal maturity date. Leases For any new or modified lease, the Company, at
the inception of the contract, determines whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities for its finance
and operating leases, which are initially recognized based on the discounted future lease payments over the term of the lease. As the rate implicit in the Company’s leases is not easily determinable, the Company’s applicable incremental
borrowing rate is used in calculating the present value of the sum of the lease payments. Lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company
will exercise the option. Across all classes of assets, the Company has elected not to recognize ROU asset and lease liabilities for its short-term
leases, which are defined as leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. Lease and nonlease components are combined. Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company accounts for uncertainties in income taxes under the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , which defines the thresholds for recognizing the
benefits of tax return positions in the financial statements as “more likely than not” to be sustained by the taxing authorities. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation . Under the fair value provisions, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on
the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. F-14 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Shipping and Handling Costs Costs associated with inventory storage and handling costs at the Company’s facilities are recorded in cost of sales in the accompanying statements of
operations. Research and Development Costs Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. The expense recognized for research and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $6.3 million and $4.2 million,
respectively. Environmental Costs Loar accrues for
losses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. Accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations are recognized no later than the completion of the remedial
feasibility study. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value. Foreign Currency Assets and liabilities from a foreign
operation are translated from local currency to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Gains and losses from the translation of a foreign operation are included in member’s equity on the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets. Sales and expenses are translated at the average monthly exchange rates prevailing during the period. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the local currency are included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. Government Assistance The Company was awarded a grant
from the U.S. Department of Transportation under the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Program and received approximately $0.5 million and $0.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This grant was
recorded in other income on the consolidated statements of operations. During 2023 and 2022, the Company received approximately $0.2 million and
$1.8 million, respectively, of refundable employee retention tax credits which were available under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), enacted on March 27, 2020. These benefits were recorded primarily in cost of
sales on the consolidated statements of operations. Net Loss per Common Unit Basic net loss per common unit is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average common units outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per common
unit is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted F-15 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) average common units outstanding for the period plus the effect of any potential common units that have been issued if these additional units are dilutive. In each of the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, there were no dilutive units so that basic and diluted net loss per common unit are the same for each respective year. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . Certain amendments were provided for in ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform
(ASC 848): Scope, which was issued in January 2021, and ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (ASC 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date. This guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for a limited period of time to ease potential
accounting impacts associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). The amendments in this ASU apply only to contracts, hedging
relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. As a result of ASU 2022-06 deferring the sunset date, ASC 848 is effective through December 31, 2024. The Company adopted this ASU
in 2023 and it did not have a material impact to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows from adoption of this guidance. In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . This standard amends the
Business Combinations topic in ASC 805 to require entities to apply guidance in the Revenue topic to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination. The amendments are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments are applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption of the
amendments is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect a material impact to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows from adoption of this guidance. In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which expands disclosures
about reportable segments, and provides requirements for more detailed reporting of a segment’s expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and included within each reported measure of a segment’s
profit or loss. Additionally, ASU 2023-07 requires all segment profit or loss and assets disclosures to be provided on an annual and interim basis. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning one year later. Early adoption is permitted, and the amendments must be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented. The adoption of this guidance will not affect the Company’s consolidated results of
operations, financial position or cash flows, and the Company is currently evaluating the standard to determine its impact on the Company’s disclosures. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which requires a public business
entity to disclose specific categories in its annual effective tax rate reconciliation and provide disaggregated information about significant reconciling items by jurisdiction and by nature. The ASU also requires entities to disclose their income
tax payments (net of refunds) to international, federal, and state and local jurisdictions. The standard makes several other changes to income tax disclosure requirements. This standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2024, and requires prospective application with the option to apply it retrospectively. The adoption of this guidance will not affect the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows, and the Company is
currently evaluating the standard to determine its impact on the Company’s disclosures. F-16 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 4. Revenue Recognition All revenue recognized in the consolidated statements of operations is considered to be revenue from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services when control
of the promised good or service is transferred to the customer. Substantially all of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers is recognized at a point in time, which is generally upon shipment of goods to the customer. The Company sells specialty aerospace components based on a customer purchase order, which generally includes a fixed price per unit. The Company satisfies
the single performance obligation generally upon shipment of the goods, as this is when contractual control transfers to the customer and recognizes revenue at that point in time. Total revenues do not include taxes, such as sales tax or value-added
tax, which are assessed by governmental authorities and collected by the Company. Products are covered by a standard assurance warranty, generally
extended for a period of 25 days to two years depending on the customer, which promises that delivered products conform to contract specifications. The Company does not offer refunds or accept returns, unless related to a defect or warranty
related matter. The Company does not sell extended warranties and does not provide warranties outside of fixing defects that existed at the time of sale. As such, warranties are accounted for under ASC 460, Guarantees and not as a
separate performance obligation. Customers generally have payment terms between 30 and 90 days from the satisfaction of the performance obligations. As a
practical expedient, the Company does not adjust the amount of consideration for a financing component, as the period between the transfer of goods or services and the customer’s payment is, at contract inception, expected to be one year or
less. Net sales to foreign customers, primarily in Western Europe, Canada and Asia, were $103.8 million and $67.9 million for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net sales by end market were as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
OEM Net Sales | Aftermarket Net Sales | Total Net Sales | OEM Net Sales | Aftermarket Net Sales | Total Net Sales
Commercial Aerospace | $ | 54,726 | $ | 89,204 | $ | 143,930 | $ | 40,792 | $ | 66,697 | $ | 107,489
Business Jet & General Aviation | 47,016 | 29,028 | 76,044 | 31,207 | 17,053 | 48,260
Defense | 30,399 | 28,839 | 59,238 | 26,631 | 31,554 | 58,185
Other | 21,045 | 17,220 | 38,265 | 12,626 | 12,874 | 25,500
Total | $ | 153,186 | $ | 164,291 | $ | 317,477 | $ | 111,256 | $ | 128,178 | $ | 239,434 F-17 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 5. Inventories Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
Raw materials | $ | 30,834 | $ | 24,405
Work-in-process | 25,394 | 20,627
Finished goods | 21,734 | 15,969
Total | $ | 77,962 | $ | 61,001 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
Land | $ | 12,312 | $ | 12,312
Buildings and improvements | 29,763 | 24,252
Machinery, equipment, furniture and fixtures | 80,062 | 67,045
Total | 122,137 | 103,609
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization | (49,963 | ) | (40,088 | )
Total | $ | 72,174 | $ | 63,521 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no sales of property, plant and equipment. 7. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
Compensation and related benefits | $ | 12,926 | $ | 10,820
Other | 11,850 | 9,929
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities | $ | 24,776 | $ | 20,749 8. Long-Term Debt The
Company’s debt consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
Term loans | $ | 539,247 | $ | 492,317
Less: unamortized debt issuance costs | (3,769 | ) | (5,292 | )
Total net debt | $ | 535,478 | $ | 487,025 F-18 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 8. Long-Term Debt (continued) The Company’s long-term debt at December 31, 2023 consisted of borrowings under its Eleventh
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement), originally entered into on October 2, 2017. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of Loar Group. On April 1, 2022, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to provide for an additional commitment of $100.0 million in term loans (Delayed Draw
Term Loans). The proceeds of the $100.0 million Delayed Draw Term Loans are intended to fund the ongoing working capital and other general corporate activity (including any transaction not prohibited by the Credit Agreement). On March 26,
2024, the Credit Agreement was amended to extend the termination date of the commitment on the Delayed Draw Term Loans (Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment) by nine months, extending it from April 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024. During 2022,
the Company also amended the Credit Agreement to provide for an additional commitment of up to $145.0 million in Incremental Term Loans for the acquisition of SCHROTH. On April 28, 2023, the Company borrowed $20.0 million of available Delayed Draw Term Loans to finance the acquisition of DAC. On June 30, 2023, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date by eighteen months, extending it from October 2, 2024 to
April 2, 2026. In addition, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) Rate was replaced with Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as an election in which borrowings under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at the SOFR rate plus a
margin of 7.25%. On August 30, 2023, the Company borrowed $33.0 million of available Delayed Draw Term Loans to finance the acquisition of CAV. At December 31, 2023, there was approximately $539.2 million outstanding under the Credit Agreement, and there remained available
$47.0 million in a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment and a $20.0 million Revolving Line of Credit (Revolving Loan). Outstanding term loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans mature on April 2, 2026. The Revolving Loan matures on
April 2, 2025. Borrowings under the term loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans and the Revolving Loan may be designated as a SOFR rate loan or Base
rate loan at the option of the borrower. The interest rate on the SOFR rate loans accrue interest at the SOFR rate plus a margin of 7.25%. The interest rate on the Base rate loans accrue interest at the Base rate plus a margin of 6.25%. Interest is
paid every one, two, three or six months at the option of the Company. The unused portion of the Revolving Line of Credit carries a commitment fee of 0.50%. The Credit Agreement requires the maintenance of a quarterly leverage ratio. There are also certain non-financial covenants in place limiting Loar Group, from among other things, incurring other indebtedness, creating any liens on its properties, entering into merger or consolidation transactions, disposing of all or substantially all of its assets and payment
of certain dividends and distributions. The Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of the principal amount if there is excess cash flow, as
defined, during a calendar year (commencing with the two-fiscal quarter-period beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022). The Credit Agreement permitted voluntary principal
prepayments, in whole or in part, at a premium of 3.0% of the amount prepaid during the first year of the agreement, declining evenly to no premium after October 4, 2021. No voluntary prepayments were made under the Credit Agreement. The Company paid approximately $1.1 million of debt issuance costs for the year ended December 31, 2023. The unamortized balance of deferred debt
issuance costs was approximately $3.8 million as of December 31, 2023, and has been recorded as a reduction to the outstanding short-term and long-term debt on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. F-19 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 8. Long-Term Debt (continued) The weighted average interest rate for all outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement was 12.7% at
December 31, 2023. The annual effective interest rate under the Credit Facility was 12.7% at December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023,
the minimum scheduled principal payments on indebtedness were as follows (in thousands): 2024 | $ | 6,945
2025 | 6,945
2026 | 525,357
Total | $ | 539,247 9. Environmental Costs In connection with Loar Group’s acquisition of AGC Acquisition LLC in 2013, the Company acquired the property and building associated with manufacturing
operations. The acquired facilities entered into the state of Connecticut’s voluntary remediation program in 2009 for environmental remediation of certain known contaminants. The Company had an independent third-party evaluation of the
facilities to determine the potential range of costs for remediation of the site. Accordingly, the Company recorded an environmental liability at the acquisition date totaling approximately $2.5 million. The Company is not entitled to any
third-party recoveries related to this environmental liability. The balance at December 31, 2023 was approximately $1.1 million. The likelihood an additional material related loss may be incurred is remote. 10. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The
Company’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, finance leases and debt. The carrying amounts of all financial instruments reported on the consolidated balance sheets at
December 31, 2023 and 2022 are considered to approximate fair value either due to the relatively short period of time between the origination of these financial instruments and their expected realization, or the interest rates associated with
the debt obligations approximate current market rates. 11. Equity Membership Units The total number of common units of Loar
issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was 204 units. Restricted Equity Unit Awards Under the Loar Acquisition 13, LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement, the Company may grant restricted equity units to eligible management of
Loar Group. The restricted units authorized for issuance are comprised of 11,000 Incentive Units, 5,000 Promote Units and 1,000 Special Promote Units. During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no restricted equity units issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 850 Incentive Units
were granted. When equity grants are issued, the Company determines the fair value on the grant date utilizing the Black-Scholes model which takes into consideration several factors, including volatility and risk-free interest rates. F-20 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 11. Equity (continued) The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model for the 2022 grants were as follows: Expected term | 1.8 years
Dividend yield | 0.0 | %
Risk-free interest rate | 2.7 | %
Expected volatility | 36.0 | % Relative to the payout structure of restricted equity units, 9,650 of the Incentive Units participate in distributions at a
9.7% level when the participation threshold exceeds $452.1 million and 850 Incentive Units participate in distributions at a 0.9% level when the participation threshold exceeds $851.6 million. The Promote Units participate in distributions
at a 5% level when the participation threshold exceeds $452.1 million. The Special Promote Units participate in distributions at a 1% level when the participation threshold exceeds $452.1 million, as long as the total value of the unit
price exceeds 250% of the initial unit price on the date of grant. The Incentive Units granted in 2022 had an estimated fair value of $2,061.94 per unit.
Interests in such units vest quarterly over five years, 5% at each quarterly anniversary date. The number of vested Incentive Units, Promote Units and Special Promote Units was 9,905, 5,000 and 1,000, respectively, at December 31, 2023. Compensation expense is recognized on the estimated fair value of restricted units over the vesting period. Compensation expense incurred in connection with
all awards was approximately $0.4 million and $1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2023, there was approximately $1.2 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested unit awards, which is expected to be recognized through 2027 subject to adjustments for forfeitures. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. Restricted equity unit award activity was as follows: Incentive Units | Promote Units | Special Promote Units
Balance as of January 1, 2022 | 9,650 | 5,000 | 1,000
Granted | 850 | — | —
Balance as of December 31, 2022 | 10,500 | 5,000 | 1,000
Granted | — | — | —
Balance as of December 31, 2023 | 10,500 | 5,000 | 1,000 F-21 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 12. Net Loss per Common Unit Net loss per common unit was computed as follows (in thousands, except common unit and per common unit amounts): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Net loss | $ | (4,615 | ) | $ | (2,469 | )
Weighted average common units outstanding—basic | 204 | 204
Effect of dilutive common units | — | —
Weighted average common units outstanding—diluted | 204 | 204
Net loss per common unit—basic and diluted | $ | (22,620.18 | ) | $ | (12,101.03 | ) 13. Employee Savings Plan The Company has a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering substantially all employees. The Company has a discretionary policy of matching employee
contributions. Company contributions were approximately $1.7 million and $1.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 14. Leases The Company’s leases consist of certain
manufacturing facilities, offices and equipment. Such leases, some of which are noncancellable and, in many cases, include renewals, expire at various dates. Such options to renew are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the
option will be exercised. The Company’s lease agreements typically do not contain any significant residual value guaranties or restrictive covenants. For any new or modified lease, the Company, at the inception of the contract, determines whether a contract is or contains a lease. The Company records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities for its finance and operating leases, which are initially recognized based on the discounted future lease payments over the
term of the lease. Lease assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The discount rate implicit
within the lease is generally not determinable and therefore the Company determines the discount rate based on the incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate for the Company’s leases is determined based on the rate of interest
that the Company would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis, over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are included within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rate based on the interest rate
from its debt issuance. F-22 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 14. Leases (continued) The future minimum lease payments under finance and operating leases as of December 31, 2023 are as
follows (in thousands): Finance Leases | Operating Leases
Year ending December 31,
2024 | $ | 532 | $ | 1,223
2025 | 553 | 1,119
2026 | 575 | 1,034
2027 | 598 | 937
2028 | 623 | 801
Thereafter | 2,621 | 6,126
Total minimum lease payments | 5,502 | 11,240
Less: amount representing interest | (1,911 | ) | (4,829 | )
Present value of minimum lease payments | 3,591 | 6,411
Less: current portion of lease liabilities | (190 | ) | (609 | )
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | $ | 3,401 | $ | 5,802 The following table includes supplemental information related to leases: Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Weighted average remaining lease term (years):
Finance leases | 8.8 | 9.8
Operating leases | 14.0 | 15.7
Weighted average discount rate:
Finance leases | 9.74 | % | 9.74 | %
Operating leases | 10.09 | % | 9.48 | %
Supplemental balance sheet information (in thousands):
Finance lease assets, gross | $ | 4,181 | $ | 4,181
Less: accumulated amortization | (1,733 | ) | (1,455 | )
Finance lease assets, net | $ | 2,448 | $ | 2,726 During 2022, due to the consolidation of certain operations, the Company terminated one of its operating leases resulting in a
reduction of approximately $0.8 million in operating lease right-of-use assets and approximately $0.8 million in operating lease liabilities. F-23 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 14. Leases (continued) The components of lease expense were as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Operating lease cost | $ | 1,711 | $ | 1,182
Finance lease cost:
Amortization of leased assets | 277 | 283
Interest on lease liabilities | 358 | 373
Total lease cost | $ | 2,346 | $ | 1,838 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
Operating leases | $ | 1,582 | $ | 5,259
Financing leases | — | — 15. Commitments and Contingencies There are various lawsuits and claims pending against the Company incidental to its business. Although the final results in such suits and proceedings cannot
be predicted with certainty, in the opinion of management, the ultimate liability, if any, will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 16. Goodwill and Intangible Assets The change in
goodwill was as follows (in thousands): Balance as of January 1, 2022 | $ | 340,640
Acquisition of SCHROTH | 103,990
Foreign exchange translation adjustment | (2,638 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2022 | $ | 441,992
Acquisition of DAC | 17,529
Acquisition of CAV | 12,124
Foreign exchange translation adjustment | (757 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2023 | $ | 470,888 The Company performs an annual impairment test of goodwill on the first day of the fourth quarter of each year. Based on the
results of its impairment test, Loar determined that no impairment of goodwill existed at December 31, 2023 and 2022. F-24 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 16. Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued) Intangible assets subject to amortization consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): As of December 31, 2023 | As of December 31, 2022
Gross Carrying Amount | Accumulated Amortization | Net | Estimated Weighted- Average Remaining Useful Life | Gross Carrying Amount | Accumulated Amortization | Net | Estimated Weighted- Average Remaining Useful Life
Amortized intangible assets:
Customer relationships | $ | 350,247 | $ | (101,360 | ) | $ | 248,887 | 12 years | $ | 332,365 | $ | (79,364 | ) | $ | 253,001 | 13 years
Contract backlog | 19,260 | (19,260 | ) | — | — | 19,260 | (18,727 | ) | 533 | 1 year
Tradename | 45,828 | (11,232 | ) | 34,596 | 13 years | 44,349 | (8,368 | ) | 35,981 | 14 years
Technology | 42,536 | (9,573 | ) | 32,963 | 13 years | 40,012 | (6,972 | ) | 33,040 | 14 years
Favorable lease | 109 | (13 | ) | 96 | 10 years | 106 | (4 | ) | 102 | 11 years
Total intangible assets | $ | 457,980 | $ | (141,438 | ) | $ | 316,542 | $ | 436,092 | $ | (113,435 | ) | $ | 322,657 The aggregate amortization expense was $28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, of which
$3.2 million was charged to cost of sales and $24.9 million was charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. The aggregate amortization expense was $25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which
$2.6 million was charged to cost of sales and $22.5 million was charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. The estimated
amortization expense of intangible assets, assuming no increase or decrease in the gross carrying amounts, in each of the five succeeding years is as follows (in thousands): 2024 | $ | 28,168
2025 | 28,206
2026 | 28,936
2027 | 27,866
2028 | 27,798 17. Income Taxes Income
(loss) before income taxes included the following components (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
United States | $ | 918 | $ | (712 | )
Foreign | 1,519 | (1,899 | )
Income (loss) before income taxes | $ | 2,437 | $ | (2,611 | ) F-25 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 17. Income Taxes (continued) The income tax (provision) benefit consisted of (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Current:
Federal | $ | (8,080 | ) | $ | (2,077 | )
State | (297 | ) | (159 | )
Foreign | (2,432 | ) | (1,363 | )
(10,809 | ) | (3,599 | )
Deferred:
Federal | 1,893 | 2,790
State | 117 | 983
Foreign | 1,747 | (32 | )
3,757 | 3,741
Income tax (provision) benefit | $ | (7,052 | ) | $ | 142 The differences between the income tax (provision) benefit on the income (loss) before income taxes at the federal statutory
income tax rate and the income tax (provision) benefit shown in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations are presented in the table below (in thousands). A reclassification has been made in the prior year’s presentation to conform
with the current year. This reclassification resulted in no changes to the Company’s results of operations: Years Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
(Provision) benefit at statutory rate | $ | (512 | ) | $ | 548
State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit | (78 | ) | (127 | )
Permanent differences and other | (359 | ) | (506 | )
Provision to return adjustments | 99 | 99
Gain on restructuring | — | (834 | )
Foreign-derived intangible income | 1,575 | 435
Foreign currency gain | 556 | 339
Transaction costs | (237 | ) | (692 | )
Stock compensation | (78 | ) | (321 | )
Rate adjustment | (343 | ) | 664
Research & development credits | 1,031 | 936
Foreign rate differential | (262 | ) | (395 | )
Uncertain tax positions | (49 | ) | (8 | )
Valuation allowance | (8,395 | ) | 4
Income tax (provision) benefit | $ | (7,052 | ) | $ | 142 F-26 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 17. Income Taxes (continued) The components of the net deferred income tax liability were as follows (in thousands): December 31,
2023 | 2022
Deferred income tax assets:
Accounts receivable | $ | 502 | $ | 312
Inventories | 4,553 | 4,597
Accrued expenses | 3,010 | 2,681
Disallowed interest | 20,830 | 10,723
Lease liabilities | 1,758 | 1,538
Capitalized research and development | 3,985 | 2,413
Credits | 491 | 195
Net operating loss | 3,731 | 494
38,860 | 22,953
Deferred income tax liabilities:
Intangible and other long-term assets | (43,198 | ) | (42,673 | )
Indefinite-lived intangible assets | (12,679 | ) | (10,185 | )
Property, plant and equipment | (7,719 | ) | (8,215 | )
Operating lease assets | (1,728 | ) | (1,527 | )
Prepaid expenses | (368 | ) | (389 | )
Unrealized gain | (1 | ) | (543 | )
Other | — | (62 | )
(65,693 | ) | (63,594 | )
Net deferred income tax liability before valuation allowance | (26,833 | ) | (40,641 | )
Valuation allowance | (9,952 | ) | —
Net deferred income tax liability | $ | (36,785 | ) | $ | (40,641 | ) The Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8.2 million as of December 31, 2023, which
begin to expire in 2036. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had federal and state research and development credits of approximately $0.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively, which carryforward indefinitely. As of
December 31, 2023, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $12.9 million and foreign research and development credits of $0.2 million. These net operating losses and credits carry forward indefinitely. The realization of deferred income tax assets may be dependent on the Company’s ability to generate sufficient income in future years in the associated
jurisdiction to which the deferred income tax assets relate. As of December 31, 2023, the Company determined that it was not more likely than not to realize some of its deferred tax assets related to its disallowed interest carryforward,
foreign net operating loss carryforwards and foreign research and development credits, and therefore has established valuation allowances of $8.4 million, $1.4 million and $0.2 million against its federal and foreign deferred tax
assets, respectively. The Company files income tax returns in the United States in various state jurisdictions, and in Germany and the UK, with varying
statutes of limitations. The Company is subject to income tax examination by Federal, state and foreign tax authorities for years generally beginning in 2019. F-27 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 17. Income Taxes (continued) The Company recognizes the benefits of tax return positions if it is determined that the positions are “more-likely-than-not” to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits will be recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. The change in unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in thousands): Unrecognized tax benefit as of January 1, 2022 | $ | 534
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year | 15
Additions based on tax positions from prior years | —
Reductions for tax positions of prior years | (32 | )
Reductions due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations | —
Unrecognized tax benefit as of December 31, 2022 | 517
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year | 34
Additions based on tax positions from prior years | —
Reductions for tax positions of prior years | —
Reductions due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations | —
Unrecognized tax benefit as of December 31, 2023 | $ | 551 The Company’s policy is to record tax-related interest and penalties within the
tax provision. On December 31, 2023 interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions were not material. The Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. The Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability for the undistributed earnings of the Company’s foreign operations as the Company considers
these earnings to be permanently reinvested. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the undistributed earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries were not material. 18. Related-Party Transactions Blackstone Alternative
Credit Advisors LP and affiliates (Blackstone Credit), a lender under the Credit Agreement, owns 19.1% of the membership units of LA13. At December 31, 2023, the outstanding debt balance due to this lender was approximately $527.3 million,
of which approximately $6.6 million is due within the next twelve months. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, this lender provided additional term loans totaling $53.0 million and $145.0 million, respectively, and
the Company, through the Credit Agreement administrative agent, paid interest and principal payments totaling approximately $68.8 million and $42.5 million, respectively, to this lender. Certain members of management are lenders under the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2023, the outstanding debt balance due to these lenders was
approximately $11.9 million, of which approximately $0.1 million is due within the next twelve months. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company, through the Credit Agreement administrative agent, paid to these
lenders interest and principal payments totaling approximately $1.6 million and $1.3 million, respectively. During January 2024, the Credit
Agreement indebtedness held by the management lenders was purchased by Blackstone Credit. As a result of this transaction, Blackstone Credit became the sole lender under the Credit Agreement. F-28 Table of Contents Loar Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 19. Subsequent Event On April 16, 2024, Loar Holdings, LLC was converted into a Delaware corporation, and the name of the Company was changed to “Loar Holdings Inc.”
(the “Corporate Conversion”). In the Corporate Conversion, holders of Loar Holdings, LLC units received 377,450.980392157 shares of common stock of Loar Holdings Inc. for each unit of Loar Holdings, LLC. F-29 Table of Contents 11,000,000 shares Loar Holdings Inc. Common Stock Prospectus Jefferies | Morgan Stanley Moelis & Company
Citigroup | RBC Capital Markets April 24,
2024 Through and including the 25th day after the date of this prospectus, all dealers that effect transactions in these shares of common stock
whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligations to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or
subscriptions.