S-3 1 d73369ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2023 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 RIGETTI COMPUTING, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 88-0950636
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 775 Heinz Avenue Berkeley, CA 94710 (510) 210-5550 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
Registrant’s principal executive offices) Rick Danis General Counsel Rigetti Computing, Inc. 775 Heinz Avenue Berkeley, CA 94710 (510) 210-5550 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
agent for service) Copies to: Rupa
Briggs Sarah Sellers Cooley LLP 55 Hudson
Yards New York, NY 10001 (212) 479-6000 From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the
following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D.
filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging Growth Company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities or accept an offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting offers to
buy these securities in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion) Dated December 11, 2023 $250,000,000 RIGETTI COMPUTING, INC. Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt Securities Warrants From time to
time, we may offer and sell up to an aggregate amount of $250,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus, either individually or in combination, at prices and on terms described in one or more supplements to this
prospectus. We may also offer common stock, common stock or preferred stock upon conversion of debt securities, common stock upon conversion of preferred stock, or common stock, preferred stock or debt securities upon exercise of warrants. This prospectus describes some of the general terms that may apply to an offering of our securities. We will provide the specific terms of
these offerings and securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free
writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents
incorporated by reference, before buying any of the securities being offered. Our common stock and public warrants are listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “RGTI” and “RGTIW,” respectively. On December 8, 2023, the last reported sales price of our common stock was $1.04 per share and the last reported sales price of our public
warrants was $0.17 per warrant. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on the Nasdaq Capital Market or any securities market or other exchange of the securities covered by
the applicable prospectus supplement. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the
section titled “ Risk Factors ” on page 6 of this prospectus and any similar section contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection
with a specific offering, and under similar headings in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. The securities may be sold directly by us to investors, through agents designated from time to time or to or through underwriters or dealers,
on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section titled “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of any shares of
our securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts and overallotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to
the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this prospectus is , 2023. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 6
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 7
USE OF PROCEEDS | 9
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 10
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 16
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 23
LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 26
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 30
LEGAL MATTERS | 32
EXPERTS | 32
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 32
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 33 i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Under this shelf registration statement, we may, from time to time, offer and sell in one or more
offerings common stock and preferred stock, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such securities, either individually or in combination with other securities, in one or more offerings, up to a total dollar amount of
$250,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell any type or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain more
specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related
free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus,
together with the applicable prospectus supplement, any related free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, will include all material information relating to the
applicable offering. We urge you to read carefully this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, together with the information
incorporated herein, or therein by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference,” before buying any of the securities being offered. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus
and any applicable prospectus supplement, along with the information contained in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering. You must not rely upon any information or representation not contained
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. No action is being taken in any
jurisdiction outside the United States to permit a public offering of our securities or possession or distribution of this prospectus in that jurisdiction. Persons who come into possession of this prospectus in jurisdictions outside the United
States are required to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions as to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus applicable to that jurisdiction. The information appearing in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as
of the date on the front of the document and any information we have incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any applicable
prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus, or the date of any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus contains and incorporates by reference market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent
industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe that these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information.
Although we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the market and industry data presented in this prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference, these estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, including those discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in the other documents that are
incorporated by reference into this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. ii Table of Contents This prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents
described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed
or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the section titled “Where You Can Find Additional
Information.” Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this prospectus to the “Company,” “Rigetti,”
“Rigetti Computing,” “we,” “us,” “our” and similar terms refer to Rigetti Computing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. iii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and does
not contain all of the information that you need to consider in making your investment decision. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, including the risks of
investing in our securities discussed under the sections titled “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar sections in the other documents
that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should also carefully read the other information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including our financial statements, and the exhibits to the registration statement of which
this prospectus is a part. Rigetti Computing, Inc. Overview We build quantum computers and
the superconducting quantum processors that power them. We believe quantum computing represents one of the most transformative emerging capabilities in the world today. By leveraging quantum mechanics, we believe our quantum computers process
information in fundamentally new, more powerful ways than classical computers. We are a vertically integrated company. We own and operate Fab-1, a unique wafer fabrication facility dedicated to prototyping and producing our quantum processors. Through Fab-1, we own the means of production of our
breakthrough multi-chip quantum processor technology. We leverage our chips through a full-stack product development approach, from quantum chip design and manufacturing through cloud delivery. We have been deploying our quantum computers to end users over the cloud since 2017. We offer our full-stack quantum computing platform as a
cloud service to a wide range of end-users, directly through our Rigetti QCS platform, and also through cloud service providers. We began selling quantum computers to end users in 2023. In the third quarter of 2023 we expanded our QPU customer base with the delivery of a 9-qubit quantum processing unit (QPU) to another premier national laboratory. This follows our first QPU sale in the second quarter of 2023 to Fermilab in which we delivered a 9Q QPU as part of our partnership
with the Superconducting Quantum Materials and Systems Center (SQMS). We have developed strong customer relationships and collaborative
partnerships to accelerate the development of key technologies for high-value use cases that unlock strategic early markets. Our partners and customers include commercial enterprises such as Amazon Web Services, Nasdaq and Standard Chartered Bank,
along with U.S. government organizations such as the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (“DARPA”), the Department of Energy (“DOE”), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (“NASA”). We are enabled by a deep technical team that includes global experts in quantum chip design and manufacturing, quantum computing systems
architecture, quantum software, and quantum algorithms and applications. Powered by the production of our scalable multi-chip quantum
processors in Fab-1 and our full-stack product development approach, our goal is to deliver quantum computing systems that demonstrate clear performance advantages over classical computing alternatives for
multiple high-impact application areas. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the name “Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd.” (“Supernova”) on December 22,
2020 in the Cayman Islands for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On March 2, 2022, we consummated the
transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 6, 2021, as amended on December 23, 2021 and January 10, 2022 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Supernova, Supernova Merger Sub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Supernova, 1 Table of Contents Supernova Romeo Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Supernova, and Rigetti Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. As contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, on March 1, 2022, Supernova was domesticated as a Delaware corporation and changed its name to “Rigetti Computing, Inc.” Our principal executive offices are located at 775 Heinz Avenue, Berkeley, CA 94710 and our telephone number is (510) 210-5550. Our corporate website address is www.rigetti.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website
address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. “Rigetti” and our other registered and common law trade
names, trademarks and service marks are property of Rigetti Computing, Inc. This prospectus contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of others, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience,
trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or ™ symbols. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As an
emerging growth company, we are exempt from certain requirements related to executive compensation, including the requirements to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and to provide information relating to the ratio of total
compensation of our Chief Executive Officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all of our employees, each as required by the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010, which is part of the Dodd-Frank Act. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. Supernova previously elected to avail itself of the
extended transition period and we will take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period emerging growth company status permits. During the extended transition period, it may be difficult or impossible to compare our financial results
with the financial results of another public company that complies with public company effective dates for accounting standard updates because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2026 (the last day of the fiscal
year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of the IPO), (b) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have a total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion, (c) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large
accelerated filer” under the rules of the SEC with at least $700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. We are also a “smaller
reporting company” as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller
reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as the market value of our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than $100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal
year and the market value of our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700.0 million measured on the last business day of our
second fiscal quarter. The Securities We May Offer We may offer shares of our common stock and preferred stock, various series of debt securities and/or warrants to purchase any of such
securities, either individually or in combination with other securities, up to a total dollar amount of $250,000,000, from time to time under this prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplement 2 Table of Contents and any related free writing prospectus, at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of any offering. We may also offer common stock, preferred stock and/or debt
securities upon the exercise of warrants. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer a type of security or series of securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus
supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities, including, to the extent applicable: • | designation or classification; • | aggregate principal amount or aggregate offering price; • | maturity date, if applicable; • | original issue discount, if any; • | rates and times of payment of interest or dividends, if any; • | redemption, conversion, exercise, exchange or sinking fund terms, if any; • | ranking; • | restrictive covenants, if any; • | voting or other rights, if any; • | conversion or exchange prices or rates, if any, and, if applicable, any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the conversion or exchange prices or rates and in the securities or other property receivable upon conversion or exchange; and • | material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations, if any. The applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update
or change any of the information contained in this prospectus or in the documents we have incorporated by reference. THIS PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED
TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OF SECURITIES UNLESS IT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. We may sell the securities directly to
investors or to or through agents, underwriters or dealers. We and our agents or underwriters, reserve the right to accept or reject all or part of any proposed purchase of securities. If we do offer securities to or through agents or underwriters,
we will include in the applicable prospectus supplement: • | the names of those agents or underwriters; • | applicable fees, discounts and commissions to be paid to them; • | details regarding overallotment options, if any; and • | the estimated net proceeds to us. Common Stock We may issue shares of our
common stock from time to time. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock, the holders of common
stock are entitled to receive such dividends and distributions as 3 Table of Contents may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, upon the completion of the distributions required with respect
to any series of preferred stock that may then be outstanding, our remaining assets legally available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributed on an equal priority, pro rata basis to the holders of common stock. No shares of our common
stock are subject to redemption or have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common stock. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the common stock under the heading “Description of Capital
Stock—Common Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to any common stock being offered. Preferred Stock We may issue shares of
our preferred stock from time to time, in one or more series. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors has the authority, without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of each class or series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption privileges,
liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any class or series, which may be greater than the rights of the holders of the common stock. Convertible preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock or exchangeable for
other securities. Conversion may be mandatory or at your option and would be at prescribed conversion rates. If we sell any series of
preferred stock under this prospectus, we will fix the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock of each series we issue under this prospectus, as well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in
the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of any certificate
of designation that contains the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the preferred stock under the heading “Description of Capital Stock—Preferred
Stock.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series of preferred stock being offered, as well as the complete
certificate of designation that contains the terms of the applicable series of preferred stock. Debt Securities We may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally with any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner described in the
instrument governing the debt, to all of our senior indebtedness. Convertible or exchangeable debt securities will be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock or our other securities. Conversion or exchange may be mandatory or optional
(at our option or the holders’ option) and would be at prescribed conversion or exchange prices. The debt securities will be issued
under an indenture that we will enter into with a national banking association or other eligible party, as trustee. In this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of the debt securities under the heading “Description of Debt
Securities.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you) related to the series of debt securities being offered, as well as the
complete indenture and any supplemental indentures that contain the terms of the debt securities. We have filed the form of indenture as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and
forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the
SEC. Warrants We may issue warrants
for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or in combination with common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement. In
this prospectus, we have summarized certain general features of 4 Table of Contents the warrants under the heading “Description of Warrants.” We urge you, however, to read the applicable prospectus supplement (and any related free writing prospectus that we may
authorize to be provided to you) related to the particular series of warrants being offered, as well as the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the warrants. We have filed
the forms of the warrant agreements and forms of warrant certificates containing the terms of the warrants that we may offer as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We will file as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular
series of warrants we are offering, and any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. Warrants may be issued under a
warrant agreement that we enter into with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent, if any, in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. Use of Proceeds Except as described in
any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by us hereunder, if any,
for working capital and general corporate purposes. We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus our intended use for the net proceeds received from the sale of any securities sold pursuant to the prospectus
supplement or free writing. See “Use of Proceeds” in this prospectus. Nasdaq Capital Market Listing Our common stock and public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “RGTI” and “RGTIW,”
respectively. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other securities market or other exchange of the securities covered by the applicable
prospectus supplement. 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors”
contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent
filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for
use in connection with a specific offering. The risks described in these documents are not the only ones we face, but those that we consider to be material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or
other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future
periods. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your
investment. Please also read carefully the section below titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 6 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents we have filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference herein and any prospectus supplement delivered
with this prospectus may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”). This includes, without limitation, statements regarding the financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts
and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,”
“could,” “will,” “would” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the
statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this prospectus. We caution you that these
forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: • | the sufficiency of our cash resources, our expectation that we will need to raise additional capital by early 2025, including any additional sales of common stock through our Common Stock Purchase Agreement with B. Riley or from other sources, and our ability to raise additional capital when needed and on attractive terms; • | our ability to achieve milestones, and/or technological advancements, including with respect to executing on our technology roadmap and developing practical applications; • | the potential of quantum computing and estimated market size and market growth including with respect to our long-term business strategy for quantum computing as a service (“Quantum Computing as a Service,” or “QCaaS”); • | the success of our partnerships and collaborations; • | our ability to accelerate our development of multiple generations of quantum processors; • | customer concentration and the risk that a significant portion of our revenue currently depends on contracts with the public sector; • | the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us or others with respect to the merger transaction between Rigetti Holdings, Inc. and Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. that was completed on March 2, 2022 (the “Business Combination”) or other matters; • | our ability to execute on our business strategy, including monetization of our products; • | our financial performance, growth rate and market opportunity; • | our ability to maintain compliance with standards relating to the listing of our common stock and public warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the potential liquidity and trading of such securities; • | the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, our ability to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain our management and key employees; • | costs related to operating as a public company; 7 Table of Contents • | our ability to remediate the material weaknesses in, and establish and maintain, effective internal controls over financial reporting; • | changes in applicable laws or regulations; • | the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, or competitive factors; • | the evolution of the markets in which we compete; • | our ability to implement our strategic initiatives, expansion plans and continue to innovate our existing services; • | unfavorable conditions in our industry, the global economy or global supply chain (including any supply chain impacts from the ongoing military conflicts involving Russia and Ukraine and sanctions related thereto and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the potential larger regional conflict), including inflation and financial and credit market fluctuations; • | changes in applicable laws or regulations; • | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; • | our estimates regarding expenses, profitability, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; • | our ability or decisions to expand or maintain our existing customer base; • | macroeconomic conditions, including worsening global economic conditions, disruptions to and volatility and uncertainty in the credit and financial markets, increases in inflation and interest rates, and recent and potential future disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures, on the foregoing; and • | use of proceeds from offerings of our securities under this prospectus. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our
control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described
in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We discuss in greater
detail many of these risks under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement, in any free writing prospectuses we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering, and in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, which
are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the document containing the applicable statement. Unless required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or developments. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement, together with the documents we have filed
with the SEC that are incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in the foregoing documents by these cautionary statements. In
addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe
such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially
available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 8 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with
a specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. 9 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following summary description is based on our certificate of incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), our amended
and restated bylaws (the “Bylaws”) and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”). This information may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws which are incorporated by reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. General Our Certificate of
Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share. As of December 6, 2023, there were approximately
145,014,572 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock Voting Rights Each holder of
common stock is entitled to one (1) vote for each share of common stock held of record by such holder on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required in the Certificate of Incorporation or by
applicable law, the holders of common stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that alters or changes the powers, preferences, rights or other terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock
if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to
any series of preferred stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting
and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, and except for the election of directors, which is determined by a plurality vote.
There are no cumulative voting rights. Dividend Rights Subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock and any other provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as it may be amended from
time to time, holders of common stock will be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon by the Board, in its discretion, from time to time out of assets or
funds of the Company legally available therefor. Rights upon Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding-Up Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs,
whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of our debts and any other payments required by law and amounts payable upon shares of preferred stock ranking senior to the shares of common stock upon such dissolution,
liquidation or winding up, if any, the Company’s remaining net assets will be distributed to the holders of common stock and the holders of any other class or series of capital stock ranking equally with the common stock upon such dissolution,
liquidation or winding up, equally on a per share basis. Other Rights There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common
stock will be subject to those of the holders of preferred stock that the Company may issue in the future. 10 Table of Contents Election of Directors Our Board is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered
three-year terms with only one class of directors being elected in each year. Under the Bylaws, the election of directors is determined by plurality vote. Preferred Stock Under our Certificate of
Incorporation, our board of directors may, without further action by our stockholders, fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of up to an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize their
issuance. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any
or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. Any issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders would receive dividend payments and payments on
liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control or other corporate action. We will fix the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock of each series we issue under this prospectus, as
well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference
from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of any certificate of designation that contains the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of
preferred stock being offered, including, to the extent applicable: • | the title and stated value; • | the number of shares we are offering; • | the liquidation preference per share; • | the purchase price; • | the dividend rate, period and payment date and method of calculation for dividends; • | whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate; • | the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if applicable; • | the provisions for a sinking fund, if applicable; • | the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights; • | any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market; • | whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period; • | whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; • | voting rights of the preferred stock; • | preemptive rights, if any; • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment; • | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares; • | a discussion of any material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock; 11 Table of Contents • | the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; • | any limitations on the issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. The transfer agent for each series of preferred stock will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business
combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: • | before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • | upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or • | on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. In general, Section 203 defines a “business combination” to include the following: • | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • | any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; • | subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • | any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or • | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an “interested
stockholder” as an entity or person who, together with the person’s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15% or more of the
outstanding voting stock of the corporation. A Delaware corporation may “opt out” of these provisions with an express provision
in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in an amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders’ amendment approved by at least a majority of the
outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 12 Table of Contents Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: • | providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms; • | the ability of the Board to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, including “blank check” preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change of control; • | provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board; • | provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, any individual director or directors may be removed only with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class; • | provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; • | require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent or electronic transmission; • | provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s notice; • | provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer or by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; and • | not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. The combination of these provisions will make it more difficult for the existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for
another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge its officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another
party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of
any attempt to change our control. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of
our board of directors and its policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be
used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may
also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock. Exclusive Forum of Certain Actions The Certificate of Incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction,
the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom is the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory 13 Table of Contents or common law: (i) derivative actions brought on behalf of the Company; (ii) actions against current or former directors, officers or other employees or stockholders of the Company for
breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or the Company’s stockholders; (iii) actions against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Company, arising out of or pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws,: (iv) actions to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; (v) actions as to which the DGCL confers
jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) actions against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Company, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine of the
law of the State of Delaware, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, this provision will not apply to claims or actions
brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The Certificate of Incorporation further provides that unless we consent in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising
under the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant named in such complaint. Additionally, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in
any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Although we believe this provision benefits us
by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Additionally, we cannot be certain
that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an
action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on amendments to a
corporation’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a corporation’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. The Certificate of Incorporation provides, in addition to the votes required by law, that the following provisions therein may be amended,
altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the
then-outstanding shares of capital stock of common stock and preferred stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, including provisions regarding the classified board structure, the size of the
Board, the election and removal of directors to the Board, the filling of vacancies, the limited liability of directors and officers of Rigetti and exclusive forums for certain actions. The Bylaws may be amended or repealed (A) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board then in office, without the assent or
vote of any stockholder (subject to any bylaw requiring the affirmative vote of a larger percentage of the members of the Board) or (B) without the approval of the Board, by the affirmative vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of
Rigetti required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of Rigetti entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class. Listing Our common stock and
public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “RGTI” and “RGTIW,” respectively. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to any other listing, if any, on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market or any securities market or other exchange of the preferred stock covered by such prospectus supplement. 14 Table of Contents Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 15 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any debt securities that we may offer in more detail in the
applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any debt securities offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the indenture, we also are referring to
any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue the debt securities under the
indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the indenture. The indenture will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We have filed the form of indenture as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The following summary of material
provisions of the debt securities and the indenture is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable
prospectus supplements and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. General The indenture does not limit the
amount of debt securities that we may issue. It provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount that we may authorize and may be in any currency or currency unit that we may designate. Except for the limitations on
consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets contained in the indenture, the terms of the indenture do not contain any covenants or other provisions designed to give holders of any debt securities protection against
changes in our operations, financial condition or transactions involving us. We may issue the debt securities issued under the indenture
as “discount securities,” which means they may be sold at a discount below their stated principal amount. These debt securities, as well as other debt securities that are not issued at a discount, may be issued with “original issue
discount,” or OID, for U.S. federal income tax purposes because of interest payment and other characteristics or terms of the debt securities. Material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to debt securities issued with OID will be
described in more detail in any applicable prospectus supplement. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of
the series of debt securities being offered, including: • | the title of the series of debt securities; • | any limit upon the aggregate principal amount that may be issued; • | the maturity date or dates; • | the form of the debt securities of the series; • | the applicability of any guarantees; • | whether or not the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; • | whether the debt securities rank as senior debt, senior subordinated debt, subordinated debt or any combination thereof, and the terms of any subordination; 16 Table of Contents • | if the price (expressed as a percentage of the aggregate principal amount thereof) at which such debt securities will be issued is a price other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount thereof payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof, or if applicable, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that is convertible into another security or the method by which any such portion shall be determined; • | the interest rate or rates, which may be fixed or variable, or the method for determining the rate and the date interest will begin to accrue, the dates interest will be payable and the regular record dates for interest payment dates or the method for determining such dates; • | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; • | if applicable, the date or dates after which, or the period or periods during which, and the price or prices at which, we may, at our option, redeem the series of debt securities pursuant to any optional or provisional redemption provisions and the terms of those redemption provisions; • | the date or dates, if any, on which, and the price or prices at which we are obligated, pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions or otherwise, to redeem, or at the holder’s option to purchase, the series of debt securities and the currency or currency unit in which the debt securities are payable; • | the denominations in which we will issue the series of debt securities, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • | any and all terms, if applicable, relating to any auction or remarketing of the debt securities of that series and any security for our obligations with respect to such debt securities and any other terms which may be advisable in connection with the marketing of debt securities of that series; • | whether the debt securities of the series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of a global security or securities; • | the terms and conditions, if any, upon which such global security or securities may be exchanged in whole or in part for other individual securities; and the depositary for such global security or securities; • | if applicable, the provisions relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of the series and the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be so convertible or exchangeable, including the conversion or exchange price, as applicable, or how it will be calculated and may be adjusted, any mandatory or optional (at our option or the holders’ option) conversion or exchange features, the applicable conversion or exchange period and the manner of settlement for any conversion or exchange; • | if other than the full principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of debt securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof; • | additions to or changes in the covenants applicable to the particular debt securities being issued, including, among others, the consolidation, merger or sale covenant; • | additions to or changes in the events of default with respect to the securities and any change in the right of the trustee or the holders to declare the principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to such securities to be due and payable; • | additions to or changes in or deletions of the provisions relating to covenant defeasance and legal defeasance; • | additions to or changes in the provisions relating to satisfaction and discharge of the indenture; 17 Table of Contents • | additions to or changes in the provisions relating to the modification of the indenture both with and without the consent of holders of debt securities issued under the indenture; • | the currency of payment of debt securities if other than U.S. dollars and the manner of determining the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; • | whether interest will be payable in cash or additional debt securities at our or the holders’ option and the terms and conditions upon which the election may be made; • | the terms and conditions, if any, upon which we will pay amounts in addition to the stated interest, premium, if any and principal amounts of the debt securities of the series to any holder that is not a “United States person” for federal tax purposes; • | any restrictions on transfer, sale or assignment of the debt securities of the series; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, any other additions or changes in the provisions of the indenture, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations. Conversion or Exchange Rights We will
set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms on which a series of debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock or our other securities. We will include provisions as to settlement upon conversion or
exchange and whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or at our option. We may include provisions pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock or our other securities that the holders of the series of
debt securities receive would be subject to adjustment. Consolidation, Merger or Sale Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the indenture will not contain
any covenant that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety. However, any successor to or acquirer of such assets (other than a
subsidiary of ours) must assume all of our obligations under the indenture or the debt securities, as appropriate. Events of Default under the
Indenture Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the following
are events of default under the indenture with respect to any series of debt securities that we may issue: • | if we fail to pay any installment of interest on any series of debt securities, as and when the same shall become due and payable, and such default continues for a period of 90 days; provided, however, that a valid extension of an interest payment period by us in accordance with the terms of any indenture supplemental thereto shall not constitute a default in the payment of interest for this purpose; • | if we fail to pay the principal of, or premium, if any, on any series of debt securities as and when the same shall become due and payable whether at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration or otherwise, or in any payment required by any sinking or analogous fund established with respect to such series; provided, however, that a valid extension of the maturity of such debt securities in accordance with the terms of any indenture supplemental thereto shall not constitute a default in the payment of principal or premium, if any; • | if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the debt securities or the indenture, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of debt securities, and our failure continues for 90 days after we receive written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied and stating that such is a notice of default thereunder, from the trustee or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series; and 18 Table of Contents • | if specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. If an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, other than an event of default specified in the
last bullet point above, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, by notice to us in writing, and to the trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the
unpaid principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, due and payable immediately. If an event of default specified in the last bullet point above occurs with respect to us, the principal amount of and accrued interest, if any, of each
issue of debt securities then outstanding shall be due and payable without any notice or other action on the part of the trustee or any holder. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of an affected series may waive any default or event of
default with respect to the series and its consequences, except defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance with the indenture. Any
waiver shall cure the default or event of default. Subject to the terms of the indenture, if an event of default under an indenture shall
occur and be continuing, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under such indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of debt securities, unless such holders have
offered the trustee reasonable indemnity. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series, provided that: • | the direction so given by the holder is not in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; and • | subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. • | A holder of the debt securities of any series will have the right to institute a proceeding under the indenture or to appoint a receiver or trustee, or to seek other remedies only if: • | the holder has given written notice to the trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series; • | the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, • | such holders have offered to the trustee indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred by the trustee in compliance with the request; and • | the trustee does not institute the proceeding, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series other conflicting directions within 90 days after the notice, request and offer. These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of debt securities if we default in the payment of the principal, premium, if
any, or interest on, the debt securities. We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified
covenants in the indenture. 19 Table of Contents Modification of Indenture; Waiver We and the trustee may change an indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to specific matters: • | to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the indenture or in the debt securities of any series; • | to comply with the provisions described above under “Description of Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale;” • | to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities; • | to add to our covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities, to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us in the indenture; • | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the indenture; • | to make any change that does not adversely affect the interests of any holder of debt securities of any series in any material respect; • | to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided above under “Description of Debt Securities—General” to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the indenture or any series of debt securities, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; • | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under any indenture by a successor trustee; or • | to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of any indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. • | In addition, under the indenture, the rights of holders of a series of debt securities may be changed by us and the trustee with the written consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series that is affected. However, unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we and the trustee may make the following changes only with the consent of each holder of any outstanding debt securities affected: • | extending the fixed maturity of any debt securities of any series; • | reducing the principal amount, reducing the rate of or extending the time of payment of interest, or reducing any premium payable upon the redemption of any series of any debt securities; or • | reducing the percentage of debt securities, the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver. Discharge Each indenture provides that we can elect to be discharged from our obligations with respect to one or more series of debt securities, except
for specified obligations, including obligations to: • | provide for payment; • | register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series; 20 Table of Contents • | replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series; • | pay principal of and premium and interest on any debt securities of the series; • | maintain paying agencies; • | hold monies for payment in trust; • | recover excess money held by the trustee; • | compensate and indemnify the trustee; and • | appoint any successor trustee. In order to exercise our rights to be discharged, we must deposit with the trustee money or government obligations sufficient to pay all the
principal of, any premium, if any, and interest on, the debt securities of the series on the dates payments are due. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue the debt securities of each series only in fully registered form without coupons and, unless we provide otherwise in the
applicable prospectus supplement, in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The indenture provides that we may issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be
deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or another depositary named by us and identified in the applicable prospectus supplement with respect to that series. To the extent the debt securities of a series are issued in
global form and as book-entry, a description of terms relating to any book-entry securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. At the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indenture and the limitations applicable to global securities described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of the indenture and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of
the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will impose no service charge for any
registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. We will name in the
applicable prospectus supplement the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar, that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the
designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: • | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange any debt securities of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or • | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. 21 Table of Contents Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee, other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under an indenture, undertakes to perform only those
duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. Upon an event of default under an indenture, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject
to this provision, the trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indenture at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and
liabilities that it might incur. Payment and Paying Agents Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make payment of the interest on any debt securities on any
interest payment date to the person in whose name the debt securities, or one or more predecessor securities, are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for the interest. We will pay principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities of a particular series at the office of the paying agents
designated by us, except that unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make interest payments by check that we will mail to the holder or by wire transfer to certain holders. Unless we otherwise indicate in the
applicable prospectus supplement, we will designate the corporate trust office of the trustee as our sole paying agent for payments with respect to debt securities of each series. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement any other paying
agents that we initially designate for the debt securities of a particular series. We will maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All money we pay to a paying agent or the trustee for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities that
remains unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of the debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment thereof. Governing Law The indenture and the debt
securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is applicable. 22 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplement and free writing
prospectus, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, which may consist of warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock or debt securities and may be issued in one or more series.
Warrants may be offered independently or in combination with common stock, preferred stock or debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer under
this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description of warrants will apply to the warrants offered by this prospectus unless we provide
otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement for a particular series of warrants may specify different or additional terms. We have filed forms of the warrant agreements and forms of warrant certificates containing the terms of the warrants that may be offered as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports that we file with the SEC, the form
of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, that contain the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, and any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants. The following
summaries of material terms and provisions of the warrants are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any
supplemental agreements applicable to a particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement related to the particular series of warrants that we may offer under this
prospectus, as well as any related free writing prospectus, and the complete form of warrant and/or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any supplemental agreements, that contain the terms of the warrants. General We will describe in the
applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants being offered, including: • | the title of such securities; • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of such warrants which may be exercised at any one time; • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants; 23 Table of Contents • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to force the exercise of the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified; • | a discussion of any material or special U.S. federal income tax considerations of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. Before exercising their warrants, holders of warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities
purchasable upon such exercise, including: • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the right to receive payments of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities purchasable upon exercise or to enforce covenants in the applicable indenture; or • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the right to receive dividends, if any, or, payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise of Warrants Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the securities that we specify in the applicable prospectus supplement at the exercise price
that we describe in the applicable prospectus supplement. The warrants may be exercised as set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, warrants may be
exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the warrants offered thereby. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. Upon receipt of payment and the warrant or warrant certificate, as applicable, properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust
office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office, including ours, indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, issue and deliver the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If less than all of the warrants (or
the warrants represented by such warrant certificate) are exercised, a new warrant or a new warrant certificate, as applicable, will be issued for the remaining warrants. If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the
warrants may surrender securities as all or part of the exercise price for warrants. Governing Law Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, the warrants and any warrant agreements will be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Warrants Each warrant agent, if any, will act solely as our agent under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or
relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant. A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility in case 24 Table of Contents of any default by us under the applicable warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any
holder of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the holder of any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise of, its warrants. 25 Table of Contents LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES We may issue securities in registered form or in the form of one or more global securities. We describe global securities in greater detail
below. We refer to those persons who have securities registered in their own names on the books that we or any applicable trustee, depositary or warrant agent maintain for this purpose as the “holders” of those securities. These persons
are the legal holders of the securities. We refer to those persons who, indirectly through others, own beneficial interests in securities that are not registered in their own names, as “indirect holders” of those securities. As we discuss
below, indirect holders are not legal holders, and investors in securities issued in book-entry form or in street name will be indirect holders. Book-Entry Holders We may issue
securities in book-entry form only, as we will specify in the applicable prospectus supplement. This means securities may be represented by one or more global securities registered in the name of a financial institution that holds them as depositary
on behalf of other financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system. These participating institutions, which are referred to as participants, in turn, hold beneficial interests in the securities on behalf of
themselves or their customers. Only the person in whose name a security is registered is recognized as the holder of that security.
Securities issued in global form will be registered in the name of the depositary or its participants. Consequently, for securities issued in global form, we will recognize only the depositary as the holder of the securities, and we will make all
payments on the securities to the depositary. The depositary passes along the payments it receives to its participants, which in turn pass the payments along to their customers who are the beneficial owners. The depositary and its participants do so
under agreements they have made with one another or with their customers; they are not obligated to do so under the terms of the securities. As a result, investors in a global security will not own securities directly. Instead, they will own beneficial interests in a global
security, through a bank, broker or other financial institution that participates in the depositary’s book-entry system or holds an interest through a participant. As long as the securities are issued in global form, investors will be indirect
holders, and not legal holders, of the securities. Street Name Holders We may terminate a global security or issue securities in non-global form. In these cases, investors
may choose to hold their securities in their own names or in “street name.” Securities held by an investor in street name would be registered in the name of a bank, broker or other financial institution that the investor chooses, and the
investor would hold only a beneficial interest in those securities through an account he or she maintains at that institution. For
securities held in street name, we or any applicable trustee or depositary will recognize only the intermediary banks, brokers and other financial institutions in whose names the securities are registered as the holders of those securities, and we
or any applicable trustee or depositary will make all payments on those securities to them. These institutions pass along the payments they receive to their customers who are the beneficial owners, but only because they agree to do so in their
customer agreements or because they are legally required to do so. Investors who hold securities in street name will be indirect holders, not holders, of those securities. Legal Holders Our obligations, as well
as the obligations of any applicable trustee and of any third parties employed by us or a trustee, run only to the legal holders of the securities. We do not have obligations to investors who hold beneficial interests in global securities, in street
name or by any other indirect means. This will be the case whether an investor chooses to be an indirect holder of a security or has no choice because we are issuing the securities only in global form. For example, once we make a payment or give a notice to the holder, we have no further responsibility for the payment or notice even if that
holder is required, under agreements with depositary participants or customers or by 26 Table of Contents law, to pass it along to the indirect holders but does not do so. Similarly, we may want to obtain the approval of the holders to amend an indenture, to relieve us of the consequences of a
default or of our obligation to comply with a particular provision of the indenture or for other purposes. In such an event, we would seek approval only from the holders, and not the indirect holders, of the securities. Whether and how the holders
contact the indirect holders is up to the holders. Special Considerations for Indirect Holders If you hold securities through a bank, broker, or other financial institution, either in book-entry form because the securities are represented
by one or more global securities or in street name, you should check with your own institution to find out: • | the performance of third-party service providers; • | how it handles securities payments and notices; • | whether it imposes fees or charges; • | how it would handle a request for the holders’ consent, if ever required; • | whether and how you can instruct it to send you securities registered in your own name so you can be a holder, if that is permitted in the future; • | how it would exercise rights under the securities if there were a default or other event triggering the need for holders to act to protect their interests; and • | if the securities are in book-entry form, how the depositary’s rules and procedures will affect these matters. Global Securities A global security is a security that represents one or any other number of individual securities held by a depositary. Generally, all
securities represented by the same global securities will have the same terms. Each security issued in book-entry form will be
represented by a global security that we deposit with and register in the name of a financial institution or its nominee that we select. The financial institution that we select for this purpose is called the depositary. Unless we specify otherwise
in the applicable prospectus supplement, DTC will be the depositary for all securities issued in book-entry form. A global security may
not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary, its nominee or a successor depositary, unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under “Special Situations When a Global
Security Will Be Terminated”. As a result of these arrangements, the depositary, or its nominee, will be the sole registered owner and holder of all securities represented by a global security, and investors will be permitted to own only
beneficial interests in a global security. Beneficial interests must be held by means of an account with a broker, bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that does. Thus, an
investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the security, but only an indirect holder of a beneficial interest in the global security. If the prospectus supplement for a particular security indicates that the security will be issued in global form only, then the security will
be represented by a global security at all times unless and until the global security is terminated. If termination occurs, we may issue the securities through another book-entry clearing system or decide that the securities may no longer be held
through any book-entry clearing system. 27 Table of Contents Special Considerations for Global Securities The rights of an indirect holder relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the investor’s financial
institution and of the depositary, as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. We do not recognize an indirect holder as a holder of securities and instead deal only with the depositary that holds the global security. If securities are issued only in the form of a global security, an investor should be aware of the following: • | an investor cannot cause the securities to be registered in his or her name, and cannot obtain non-global certificates for his or her interest in the securities, except in the special situations we describe below; • | an investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank or broker for payments on the securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the securities, as we describe above; • | an investor may not be able to sell interests in the securities to some insurance companies and to other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form; • | an investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective; • | the depositary’s policies, which may change from time to time, will govern payments, transfers, exchanges and other matters relating to an investor’s interest in a global security; • | we and any applicable trustee have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary’s actions or for its records of ownership interests in a global security, nor do we or any applicable trustee supervise the depositary in any way; • | the depositary may, and we understand that DTC will, require that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security within its book-entry system use immediately available funds, and your broker or bank may require you to do so as well; and • | financial institutions that participate in the depositary’s book-entry system, and through which an investor holds its interest in a global security, may also have their own policies affecting payments, notices and other matters relating to the securities. There may be more than one financial intermediary in the chain of ownership for an investor. We do not monitor and are not responsible for the
actions of any of those intermediaries. Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated In a few special situations described below, the global security will terminate and interests in it will be exchanged for physical certificates
representing those interests. After that exchange, the choice of whether to hold securities directly or in street name will be up to the investor. Investors must consult their own banks or brokers to find out how to have their interests in
securities transferred to their own name, so that they will be direct holders. We have described the rights of holders and street name investors above. Unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the global security will terminate when the following special situations
occur: • | if the depositary notifies us that it is unwilling, unable or no longer qualified to continue as depositary for that global security and we do not appoint another institution to act as depositary within 90 days; • | if we notify any applicable trustee that we wish to terminate that global security; or 28 Table of Contents • | if an event of default has occurred with regard to securities represented by that global security and has not been cured or waived. The applicable prospectus supplement may also list additional situations for terminating a global
security that would apply only to the particular series of securities covered by the applicable prospectus supplement. When a global security terminates, the depositary, and not we or any applicable trustee, is responsible for deciding the names of
the institutions that will be the initial direct holders. 29 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, direct sales to the public, negotiated transactions,
block trades or a combination of these methods. We may sell the securities to or through one or more underwriters or dealers (acting as principal or agent), through agents, or directly to one or more purchasers. We may distribute the securities from
time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. We will describe the terms of the offering of the securities and the specific plan of distribution in a prospectus supplement or supplements
to this prospectus, any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you, an amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or other filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are
incorporated by reference. Such description may include, to the extent applicable: • | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers; • | the purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds, if any, we will receive from the sale; • | any options to purchase additional shares or other options under which underwriters, dealers, agents or other purchasers may purchase additional securities from us; • | any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; • | any public offering price; • | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and • | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. We may also sell equity securities covered by this registration statement in an “at the market” offering as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. Such offering may be made into an existing trading market for such securities in transactions at other than a fixed price on or through the facilities of the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other securities exchange
or quotation or trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of sale. Such at the market offerings, if any, may be conducted by underwriters acting as principal or agent. Only underwriters named in the prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Dealers and
agents participating in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters, and compensation received by them on resale of the securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts. If such dealers or agents were deemed to be
underwriters, they may be subject to statutory liabilities under the Securities Act. If underwriters are used in the sale, they will
acquire the securities for their own account and may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The obligations of the underwriters to
purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting 30 Table of Contents syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters without a syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered
by the prospectus supplement, other than securities covered by any option to purchase additional shares or other option. If a dealer is used in the sale of securities, we, or an underwriter, will sell the securities to the dealer, as principal. The
dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. To the extent required, we will set forth in the prospectus supplement the name of the dealer and the terms of the
transaction. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change from time to time. We may use underwriters, dealers or agents with whom we have a material relationship. In such case, we will
describe in the prospectus supplement the name of the underwriter, dealer or agent and the nature of any such relationship. We may sell
securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the
prospectus supplement states otherwise, the agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize
agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and
delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. We may provide agents, dealers and underwriters with indemnification against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or dealers or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities. Agents, dealers and underwriters or their affiliates may engage in transactions with, or perform services for us in
the ordinary course of business. All securities we may offer, other than common stock, will be new issues of securities with no
established trading market. Any underwriters may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any
securities. Any underwriter may be granted an option to purchase additional shares, and engage in stabilizing transactions,
short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. An underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing
transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering or other short-covering transactions involve purchases of the securities, either through
exercise of the option to purchase additional shares or in the open market after the distribution is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities
originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may
discontinue any of the activities at any time. These transactions may be effected on any exchange or over-the-counter market or otherwise. Any underwriters, dealers or agents that are qualified market makers on the Nasdaq Capital Market may engage in passive market making
transactions in our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers or sales of the common stock.
Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid for such
security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market
price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 31 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of any securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Cooley LLP. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and eleven months
ended December 31, 2021, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and in the Registration Statement have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of BDO USA, LLP (n/k/a BDO USA, P.C.), an independent registered public accounting firm,
incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION This prospectus is part of the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the
Securities Act and does not contain all the information set forth or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may
not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other
document. Because we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge on our
website. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is www.rigetti.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website
is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 32 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus from other documents that we file with the SEC,
which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus and information we file later with the SEC will automatically
update and supersede this information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement
contained in this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. The documents we are incorporating by reference as of their respective dates of filing are (in each case, other than those
documents or the portions of those documents not deemed to be filed, including the portions of these documents that are furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8-K, including any
exhibits included with such Items): • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2023 ; • | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023 , for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2023 and for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023 ; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023 , February 10, 2023 , June 21, 2023 , July 13, 2023 and October 31, 2023 and Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023 ; and • | the description of securities contained in a Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on March 1, 2022, as updated by Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2023, together with any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating such description. Notwithstanding the foregoing, information furnished under Items 2.02 and 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, including the related exhibits under Item 9.01, is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. All documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (in each case, other than those
documents or the portions of those documents not deemed to be filed, including the portions of these documents that are furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8-K, including any
exhibits included with such Items), prior to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we may file after the date of the initial registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and prior to the effectiveness of the
registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and
documents. You may obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus from the SEC through the SEC’s website
at the address provided above. You also may request a copy of any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus (excluding any exhibits to those documents, unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference in this document), at no
cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address and phone number: Rigetti Computing, Inc. 775 Heinz Avenue Berkeley,
California 94710 Attn: General Counsel (510) 210-5550 33 Table of Contents Up to $250,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt
Securities Warrants PROSPECTUS Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth an estimate of the fees and expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in
connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered. All the amounts shown are estimates, except for the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee. Amount
SEC registration fee | $ | 36,900
FINRA filing fee | (1 | )
Accounting fees and expenses | (1 | )
Legal fees and expenses | (1 | )
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses | (1 | )
Printing and miscellaneous fees and expenses | (1 | )
Total | $ | (1 | ) (1) | The amount of securities and number of offerings are indeterminable and the expenses cannot be estimated at this time. An estimate of the aggregate expenses in connection with the sale and distribution of securities being offered will be included in the applicable prospectus supplement. Item 15. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145(a) of the DGCL provides, in general, that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party to or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation), because he or she is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses
(including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Section 145(b) of the DGCL provides, in general, that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor because the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the
person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no
indemnification shall be made with respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which he or she shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or other adjudicating court determines
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all of the circumstances of the case, he or she is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses that the Court of Chancery or other adjudicating court shall deem proper. Section 145(g) of the DGCL provides, in general, that a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who
is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify the person against such liability
under Section 145 of the DGCL. II-1 Table of Contents Additionally, our charter eliminates our directors’ liability to the fullest extent
permitted under the DGCL. The DGCL provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability: • | for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit; • | for any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • | for any unlawful payment of dividends or redemption of shares; or • | for any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders. • | If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of the Company’s directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. In addition, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with our directors and officers. These agreements, among other things,
require us to indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by a director or officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of
our directors or officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. We maintain a
directors’ and officers’ insurance policy pursuant to which our directors and officers are insured against liability for actions taken in their capacities as directors and officers. Item 16. | Exhibits Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule/ Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
2.1+ | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd., Supernova Merger Sub, Inc., Supernova Romeo Merger Sub, LLC and Rigetti Holdings, Inc. | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 2.1 | October 6, 2021
2.2 | First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 23, 2021, by and among Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd., Supernova Merger Sub, Inc., Supernova Romeo Merger Sub, LLC and Rigetti Holdings, Inc. | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 2.1 | December 23, 2021
2.3 | Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 10, 2022, by and among Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd., Supernova Merger Sub, Inc., Supernova Romeo Merger Sub, LLC and Rigetti Holdings, Inc. | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 2.1 | January 10, 2022 II-2 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description | Schedule/ Form | SEC File No. | Exhibit | Filing Date | Filed Herewith
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 3.1 | March 7, 2022
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 3.1 | November 14, 2022
4.1 | Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 .
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate | 8-K | 001- 40140 | 4.1 | March 7, 2022
4.3* | Form of Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate and Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock
4.4 | Form of Indenture | X
4.5* | Form of Debt Securities
4.6 | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
4.7 | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
4.8 | Form of Debt Securities Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate | X
5.1 | Opinion of Cooley LLP | X
23.1 | Consent of BDO USA, P.C. | X
23.2 | Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) | X
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form S-3) | X
25.1** | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Indenture
107 | Filing Fee Table | X * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report filed under the Exchange Act and incorporated herein by reference, if applicable. ** | To be filed, if applicable, in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act and the applicable rules thereunder. + | The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. II-3 Table of Contents Item 17. | Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities
offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective
registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed
in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that
paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of this registration statement. (b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (d) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date
the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by
Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of
sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the
registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided,
however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of
the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement
or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (e) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the
registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration
statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of
the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; II-4 Table of Contents (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus
relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (f) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in
the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (g) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (h) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of
Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Berkeley, State of
California, on December 11, 2023. RIGETTI COMPUTING, INC.
By: | /s/ Dr. Subodh Kulkarni
Dr. Subodh Kulkarni
Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dr. Subodh Kulkarni, Jeffrey
Bertelsen and Rick Danis, and each of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him
or her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by
this registration statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and generally to do all such things in their names and behalf in their capacities as officers and directors to enable Rigetti Computing, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, and all requirements of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Dr. Subodh Kulkarni Dr. Subodh Kulkarni | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | December 11, 2023
/s/ Jeffrey Bertelsen Jeffrey Bertelsen | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | December 11, 2023
/s/ Michael Clifton Michael Clifton | Director | December 11, 2023
/s/ David Cowan David Cowan | Director | December 11, 2023 II-6 Table of Contents Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Alissa Fitzgerald Alissa Fitzgerald | Director | December 11, 2023
/s/ Thomas Iannotti Thomas Iannotti | Chair of the Board of Directors | December 11, 2023
/s/ Ray Johnson Ray Johnson | Director | December 11, 2023
/s/ Cathy McCarthy Cathy McCarthy | Director | December 11, 2023
/s/ H. Gail Sandford H. Gail Sandford | Director | December 11, 2023 II-7