8-K Supernova Partners Acquisition Co II, Ltd. Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant DC false 0001838359 0001838359 2022-02-09 2022-02-09 0001838359 snii:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneFourthOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2022-02-09 2022-02-09 0001838359 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 2022-02-09 2022-02-09 0001838359 snii:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50Member 2022-02-09 2022-02-09 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 9, 2022 Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-40140 | 98-1574543
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 4301 50 th Street NW
Suite 300 , PMB 1044
Washington , D.C. | 20016
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (202) 918-7050 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☒ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | SNII.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share | SNII | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | SNII WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 | Other Events. On February 9, 2022, Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. (“Supernova”) issued a press release announcing that it has filed a definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and established February 28, 2022 as the date for its special meeting of stockholders to, among other things, approve the proposed business combination between Supernova and Rigetti Holdings, Inc. (“Rigetti”). A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 8-K: Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press Release, dated February 9, 2022.
104 | Cover page Interactive data file (embedded within the inline XBRL document). Additional Information and Where to Find It Supernova has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (as amended, the “Form S-4”) with the SEC, which includes a proxy statement/prospectus, that is both the proxy statement to be distributed to holders of Supernova’s ordinary shares in connection with its solicitation of proxies for the vote by Supernova’s shareholders with respect to the proposed business combination and other matters as may be described in the registration statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities to be issued in the business combination. Supernova will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to its shareholders. This communication does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed business combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the business combination. Supernova’s shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed in connection with the proposed business combination, as these materials will contain important information about Rigetti, Supernova and the business combination. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials for the proposed business combination will be mailed to shareholders of Supernova as of the record date established for voting on the proposed business combination. Shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Supernova’s secretary at 4301 50th Street NW, Suite 300 PMB 1044, Washington, D.C. 20016, (202) 918-7050. Participants in the Solicitation Supernova and its directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Supernova’s shareholders with respect to the proposed business combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in Supernova is contained in Supernova’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus, which was filed with the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. To the extent such holdings of Supernova’s securities may have changed since that time, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Rigetti and its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of Supernova in connection with the proposed business combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the proposed business combination is included in the proxy statement/prospectus for the proposed business combination. 2 Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication may be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events and can be identified by terminology such as “pro forma”, “may”, “should”, “could”, “might”, “plan”, “possible”, “project”, “strive”, “budget”, “forecast”, “expect”, “intend”, “will”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “predict”, “potential” or “continue”, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Supernova and its management, and Rigetti and its management, as the case may be, are inherently uncertain. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Supernova, Rigetti, the combined company or others following the announcement of the business combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; the inability to complete the proposed business combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of Supernova or to satisfy other conditions to closing; changes to the proposed structure of the business combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the business combination; the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the business combination; the risk that the proposed business combination disrupts current plans and operations of Rigetti as a result of the announcement and consummation of the proposed business combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; costs related to the business combination; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the possibility that Rigetti or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, or competitive factors; Rigetti’s estimates of expenses and profitability; the evolution of the markets in which Rigetti competes; the ability of Rigetti to execute on its technology roadmap; the ability of Rigetti to implement its strategic initiatives, expansion plans and continue to innovate its existing services; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Rigetti’s business; and other risks and uncertainties set forth in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus discussed above and other documents filed by Supernova from time to time with the SEC. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Neither Supernova nor Rigetti undertakes any duty to update these forward-looking statements. No Offer or Solicitation This communication does not constitute (i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed business combination or (ii) an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase any security of Supernova, Rigetti, or any of their respective affiliates. 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd.
Date: February 9, 2022 | By: | /s/ Michael S. Clifton
Name: | Michael S. Clifton
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 4