8-K Supernova Partners Acquisition Co II, Ltd. Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant DC false 0001838359 0001838359 2022-02-18 2022-02-18 0001838359 snii:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneFourthOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2022-02-18 2022-02-18 0001838359 us-gaap:CapitalUnitClassAMember 2022-02-18 2022-02-18 0001838359 snii:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50Member 2022-02-18 2022-02-18 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 18, 2022 Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-40140 | 98-1574543
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 4301 50 th Street NW Suite 300 , PMB 1044 Washington , D.C. | 20016
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (202) 918-7050 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☒ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | SNII.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share | SNII | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 | SNII WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 3.01 | Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. On February 18, 2022, Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. (“Supernova”) provided written notice to the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) of its intention to voluntarily withdraw the listing of its Class A ordinary shares, warrants and units from NYSE and list its common stock and warrants on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) following, and subject to, the completion of its previously announced business combination with Rigetti Holdings, Inc. and related transactions (the “Proposed Transaction”). In connection with the Proposed Transaction, Supernova will change its name to Rigetti Computing, Inc. (“Rigetti Computing”). the common stock and warrants of Rigetti Computing are expected to commence trading on Nasdaq on or about March 2, 2022 under the symbols “RGTI” and “RGTI WS,” respectively. Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure. Also on February 18, 2022, Supernova issued a press release regarding the change in the stock exchange listing of its Class A ordinary shares, warrants and units. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. The information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 8-K: Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Joint Press Release of Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. and Rigetti Holdings, Inc., dated February 18, 2021.
104 | Cover page Interactive data file (embedded within the inline XBRL document). Additional Information and Where to Find It Supernova has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (as amended, the “Form S-4”) with the SEC, which includes a proxy statement/prospectus, that is both the proxy statement to be distributed to holders of Supernova’s ordinary shares in connection with its solicitation of proxies for the vote by Supernova’s shareholders with respect to the proposed business combination and other matters as may be described in the registration statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities to be issued in the business combination. Supernova has mailed a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to its shareholders. This communication does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed business combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the business combination. Supernova’s shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed in connection with the proposed business combination, as these materials will contain important information about Rigetti, Supernova and the business combination. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 9, 2022 and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents were mailed to shareholders of Supernova as of the record date established for voting on the proposed Business Combination and the other proposals regarding the Business Combination. Shareholders are able to obtain copies of the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Supernova’s secretary at 4301 50th Street NW, Suite 300 PMB 1044, Washington, D.C. 20016, (202) 918-7050. 2 Participants in the Solicitation Supernova and its directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Supernova’s shareholders with respect to the proposed business combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in Supernova is contained in Supernova’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus, which was filed with the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. To the extent such holdings of Supernova’s securities may have changed since that time, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Rigetti and its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of Supernova in connection with the proposed business combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the proposed business combination is included in the proxy statement/prospectus for the proposed business combination. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication and the exhibits to this communication may be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events and can be identified by terminology such as “pro forma”, “may”, “should”, “could”, “might”, “plan”, “possible”, “project”, “strive”, “budget”, “forecast”, “expect”, “goal”, “intend”, “will”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “predict”, “potential” or “continue”, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the quantum computing applications to machine learning and the partnership with Ampere, including the potential discovery and deployment of high-performance machine learning algorithms, development of a cloud platform for machine learning and addressing problems of extreme computational complexity in areas like climate change, fusion energy, quantitative finance, drug development, and materials science. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Supernova and its management, and Rigetti and its management, as the case may be, are inherently uncertain. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Supernova, Rigetti, the combined company or others following the announcement of the Business Combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; the inability to complete the proposed Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of Supernova or to satisfy other conditions to the closing of the Business Combination; changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business Combination; the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business Combination; the risk that the proposed Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Rigetti as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; costs related to the Business Combination; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the possibility that Rigetti or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, or competitive factors; Rigetti’s estimates of expenses and profitability; the evolution of the markets in which Rigetti competes; the ability of Rigetti to execute on its technology roadmap; the ability of Rigetti to implement its strategic initiatives, expansion plans and continue to innovate its existing services; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Rigetti’s business; and other risks and uncertainties set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the registration statement on Form S-4 and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus discussed above and other documents filed with Supernova from time to time with the SEC. 3 Nothing in this communication or the exhibits to this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Neither Supernova nor Rigetti undertakes any duty to update these forward-looking statements other than as required by law. No Offer or Solicitation This communication does not constitute (i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed business combination or (ii) an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase any security of Supernova, Rigetti, or any of their respective affiliates. 4 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd.
Date: February 18, 2022 | By: | /s/ Michael S. Clifton
Name: | Michael S. Clifton
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 5