S-3 1 a2231151zs-3.htm S-3 Use these links to rapidly review the document TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2017 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 EDITAS MEDICINE, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | 46-4097528 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 11 Hurley Street Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141 (617) 401-9000 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices) Katrine S. Bosley President and Chief Executive Officer Editas Medicine, Inc. 11 Hurley Street Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141 (617) 401-9000 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Copy to: Rosemary G. Reilly, Esq. Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP 60 State Street Boston, Massachusetts 02109 Telephone: (617) 526-6000 Telecopy: (617) 526-5000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this registration statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. o If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act
of
1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ý If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following
box
and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon
filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D filed to register additional
securities or
additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o | Accelerated filer o | Non-accelerated filer ý (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company o CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount to be Registered(1) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit(2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price(3) | Amount of Registration Fee(3)
Primary Offering:
Debt Securities
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
Preferred Stock
Depositary Shares(4)
Purchase Contracts
Purchase Units
Warrants
Subtotal | $350,000,000 | $350,000,000 | $40,565.00
Secondary Offering:
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | 15,249,303 | $23.23 | $354,241,308.69 | $41,056.57
Total (1) Pursuant
to Form S-3 General Instruction II.D information is not required to be included with respect to the primary offering. With respect to the
primary offering, an indeterminate amount of the securities of each identified class is being registered as may from time to time be offered hereunder at indeterminate prices, along with an
indeterminate number of securities that may be issued upon exercise, settlement, exchange or conversion of securities offered or sold hereunder or that are represented by depositary shares as shall
have aggregate initial offering price not to exceed $350,000,000. In addition, up to 15,249,303 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the registrant ("Common Stock") may be sold by
selling stockholders who are describd in the prospectus forming part of this registration statement. Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
this registration statement also covers any additional securities that may be offered or issued in connection with any stock split, stock dividend or pursuant to anti-dilution provisions of any of the
securities. Separate consideration may or may not be received for securities that are issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange of other securities. (2) Pursuant
to Form S-3 General Instruction II.D information is not required to be included with respect to the primary offering. With respect to the
secondary offering, the proposed maximum offering price per unit is estimated solely for purposes of determining the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act, based on
the average high and low prices per share of the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on February 27, 2017. (3) Estimated
solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act with respect to the primary offering and
pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act with respect to the 15,249,303 shares of Common Stock that may be sold by the selling stockholders. (4) Each
depositary share will be issued under a deposit agreement, will represent an interest in a fractional share or multiple shares of preferred stock and will be
evidenced by a depositary receipt. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or
until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement contains two prospectuses: • a base prospectus that covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to $350,000,000 in the aggregate of our securities identified above,
as well as the offering and sale of up to 15,249,303 shares of our common stock by the selling stockholders, in each case from time to time in one or more offerings; and • a sales agreement prospectus that covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $50,000,000 of
our common stock that may be issued and sold from time to time under a sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC. The
base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base prospectus other than the shares under the sales
agreement will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The specific terms of the securities to be issued and sold under the sales agreement are specified in the sales agreement
prospectus that immediately follows the base prospectus. The $50,000,000 of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the $350,000,000 of
securities that may be offered, issued and sold by us under the base prospectus. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer
or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion, dated March 3, 2017 PROSPECTUS Editas Medicine, Inc. $350,000,000 of Debt Securities Common Stock Preferred Stock Depositary Shares Purchase Contracts Purchase Units Warrants Offered by the Company and 15,249,303 Shares of Common Stock Offered by Selling Stockholders We may offer and sell securities from time to time in one or more offerings of up to $350,000,000 in aggregate offering price. In addition, the
selling stockholders may from time to time offer and sell up to 15,249,303 shares of our common stock. This prospectus describes the general terms of these securities and the general manner in which
these securities will be offered. We will provide the specific terms of these securities in supplements to this prospectus. The prospectus supplements will also describe the specific manner in which
these securities will be offered and may also supplement, update or amend information contained in this document. You should read this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement before you
invest. We
and the selling stockholders may offer these securities in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of offering. In a prospectus supplement relating to any sales by the
selling stockholders, we will identify the selling stockholders and the number of shares of our common stock that the selling stockholders will be selling. We will not receive any proceeds from the
sale, if any, of common stock by the selling stockholders. The
securities may be sold directly to you, through agents, or through underwriters and dealers. If agents, underwriters or dealers are used to sell the securities, we will name them and
describe their compensation in a prospectus supplement. Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "EDIT." Investing in these securities involves certain risks. See "Risk Factors" included in any accompanying prospectus supplement and in the documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase these securities. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is ,
2017 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 2
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 2
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 3
RISK FACTORS | 4
EDITAS MEDICINE, INC. | 5
CONSOLIDATED RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 7
DILUTION | 8
SELLING STOCKHOLDERS | 9
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 10
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 19
DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES | 28
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS AND PURCHASE UNITS | 31
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 32
FORMS OF SECURITIES | 33
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 35
LEGAL MATTERS | 40
EXPERTS | 40 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the "SEC,"
utilizing a "shelf" registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may from time to time sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings
for an aggregate initial offering price of up to $350,000,000 and the selling stockholders may from time to time sell up to 15,249,303 shares of our common stock in one or more offerings. This
prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we, or the selling stockholders, as applicable, sell securities, we will provide one or
more prospectus supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of the offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus.
You should read both this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement together with the additional
information described under the heading "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 2 of this prospectus. Neither
we nor the selling stockholders have authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any
accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related free writing prospectus to which we have referred you. We and the selling stockholders take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as
to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy any securities other than the securities described in this prospectus or such accompanying prospectus supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in any
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, the documents incorporated by reference
and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those
dates. Unless
the context otherwise indicates, references in this prospectus to "we," "our" and "us" refer, collectively, to Editas Medicine, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiary. 1 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public
over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by us with the SEC are also available on our website at www.editasmedicine.com. Our website is not a
part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC's Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. This
prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. This prospectus omits some information contained in the registration statement in accordance with SEC rules and
regulations. You should review the information and exhibits in the registration statement for further information about us and our consolidated subsidiary and the securities we are offering.
Statements in this prospectus
concerning any document we filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or that we otherwise filed with the SEC are not intended to be comprehensive and are qualified by reference to these
filings. You should review the complete document to evaluate these statements. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference much of the information we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those publicly available documents. The information that we incorporate by reference in this prospectus is considered to be part of this prospectus. Because we
are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this prospectus is continually updated and those future filings may modify or supersede some of the information included or incorporated in
this prospectus. This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus or in any document previously
incorporated by reference have been modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents listed below (File No. 001-37687) and any future filings we make with the SEC
under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act (in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those documents not
deemed to be filed) between the date of the initial registration statement and the effectiveness of the registration statement and following the effectiveness of the registration statement until the
offering of the securities under the registration statement is terminated or completed: • Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 filed March 3, 2017; • Current Reports on Form 8-K filed January 23, 2017 and March 3, 2017; and • The description of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on January 29, 2016, including any
amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. A
statement contained in a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which is also incorporated in this prospectus modifies or replaces such statement. Any
statements so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. You
may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Editas
Medicine, Inc. Attn: Investor Relations 11 Hurley St. Cambridge, MA 02141 (617) 401-9000 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the information incorporated by reference in this prospectus include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements
other than statements of historical facts included in this prospectus and the information incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including statements regarding our future results of operations
and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "could," "intends," "target," "projects," "contemplates,"
"believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this prospectus and the information
incorporated by reference in this prospectus are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial
trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those
projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Risk Factors" for more information. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
contained or incorporated by reference herein. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our common stock, you should consider
carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the section captioned "Risk Factors" in the applicable prospectus supplement and contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and other filings we make with the SEC from time to time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the information and
documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and in any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus that we authorize for use in connection with this offering. If any of these risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could suffer materially. In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose
all or part of your investment. 4 Table of Contents EDITAS MEDICINE, INC. We are a leading genome editing company dedicated to treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing
genes. We believe that we have entered a new era of genomic medicine as the growth of genomic information in recent decades has significantly expanded the understanding of genetically defined
diseases. A new technology known as CRISPR (clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats) has the potential to achieve precise, directed changes in DNA. The confluence of these two
streams of scientific endeavor, understanding genetic defects and having the tools to be able to address them, creates the opportunity for us to achieve a longstanding goal of medicine: to treat the
root causes of diseases at the genetic level. Our mission is to translate the promise of our science into a broad class of transformative genomic medicines to benefit the greatest number of patients. We
are developing a proprietary genome editing platform based on CRISPR technology. CRISPR uses a protein-RNA complex composed of an enzyme, including either Cas9 (CRISPR associated
protein 9) or Cpf1 (CRISPR from Prevotella and Francisella 1), bound to a guide RNA molecule
designed to recognize a particular DNA sequence. Once the complex binds to the DNA sequence it was designed to recognize, the complex makes a specific cut in the DNA, ultimately triggering the cell's
DNA repair machinery to change the targeted sequence. Our platform consists of four interrelated components: nuclease engineering, delivery, control and specificity, and directed editing. These
components are designed to develop medicines that specifically address a wide variety of genetic targets, reach the site of disease safely and effectively, tightly and specifically control the editing
process, and drive the right kind of genetic repair. Our preclinical drug discovery platform uses the flexibility of CRISPR technology to enable rapid reprogramming of the guide RNA complex with the
potential to direct it to almost any site in the human genome. Using this platform, we aim to develop and advance a broad range of therapies for genetically defined diseases. Our
principal executive offices are located at 11 Hurley Street, Cambridge, MA 02141, and our telephone number is (617) 401-9000. 5 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS The following table sets forth our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and the ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock
dividends for each of the periods indicated. You should read this table in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2016 | December 31, 2015 | December 31, 2014 | Period from September 3, 2013 (Inception) to December 31, 2013
Consolidated ratios of earnings to fixed charges | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A
Consolidated ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A For
purposes of calculating the ratios above, earnings consist of net loss. Fixed charges include interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs. Our
earnings were insufficient to cover fixed charges in such periods and we are unable to disclose a ratio of earnings to fixed charges for such periods. Due to our losses for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, and the period from September 3, 2013 (inception) to December 31, 2013, the ratio coverage was less than 1:1. We would have needed to
generate additional earnings of $97.2 million, $72.9 million, $13.7 million, and $1.8 million, respectively, to achieve a coverage ratio of 1:1 in those periods. We
did not have any preferred stock outstanding after the completion of our initial public offering in February 2016. 6 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered by us under this prospectus for general corporate purposes unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. General corporate purposes may include, without limitation, research and development expenditures, the acquisition of companies or
businesses, repayment and refinancing of debt, working capital and capital expenditures. We have not determined the amount of net proceeds to be used specifically for such purposes. As a result,
management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds. We
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock offered and sold by the selling stockholders. 7 Table of Contents DILUTION If there is a material dilution of the purchasers' equity interests from the sale of common equity securities offered under this prospectus, we
will set forth in any prospectus supplement the following information regarding any such material dilution of the equity interests of purchasers purchasing securities in an offering under this
prospectus: • the net tangible book value per share of our equity securities before and after the offering; • the amount of the increase in such net tangible book value per share attributable to the cash payments made by purchasers in the offering; and • the amount of the immediate dilution from the public offering price that will be absorbed by such purchasers. 8 Table of Contents SELLING STOCKHOLDERS This prospectus also relates to the possible resale from time to time by certain of our existing stockholders, whom we refer to in this
prospectus as the "selling stockholders," of up to 15,249,303 shares of our common stock that were issued and outstanding prior to the original date of filing of the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part. All of these shares were issued to the selling stockholders upon the conversion into common stock of all of our previously outstanding shares of preferred stock in
connection with the closing of our initial public offering in February 2016. The shares of preferred stock held by the selling stockholders prior to the aforementioned conversion were acquired from us
in private placement transactions prior to our initial public offering. If
any selling stockholder offers shares in any future offering, an applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the name of each such selling stockholder, the nature of any position,
office or other material relationship that the selling stockholder has had with us or any of our predecessors or affiliates during the three years prior to the date of the applicable prospectus
supplement, the number of our shares of common stock owned by the selling stockholder before and after the offering and the number of our shares of common stock to be offered by the selling
stockholder. We
will pay all registration expenses with respect to the shares of our common stock being registered for resale by the selling stockholders, including registration fees, printing
expenses, fees and disbursements of our counsel and accountants, and reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel representing the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders will pay any
underwriting or broker discounts and commissions incurred by the selling stockholders in selling their shares of common stock. The
selling stockholders may not sell any shares pursuant to this prospectus until we have identified the applicable selling stockholders and the shares that may be offered for resale by
such selling stockholders in a subsequent prospectus supplement. However, the selling stockholders may sell or transfer all or a portion of their shares pursuant to any available exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 9 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may offer debt securities which may be senior or subordinated. We refer to the senior debt securities and the subordinated debt securities
collectively as debt securities. The following description summarizes the general terms and provisions of the debt securities. We will describe the specific terms of the debt securities and the
extent, if any, to which the general provisions summarized below apply to any series of debt securities in the prospectus supplement relating to the series and any applicable free writing prospectus
that we authorize to be delivered. When we refer to "the Company," "we," "our," and "us" in this section, we mean Editas Medicine, Inc. excluding, unless the context otherwise requires or as
otherwise expressly stated, our subsidiary. We
may issue senior debt securities from time to time, in one or more series under a senior indenture to be entered into between us and a senior trustee to be named in a prospectus
supplement, which we refer to as the senior trustee. We may issue subordinated debt securities from time to time, in one or more series under a subordinated indenture to be entered into between us and
a subordinated trustee to be named in a prospectus supplement, which we refer to as the subordinated trustee. The forms of senior indenture and subordinated indenture are filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Together, the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are referred to as the indentures and, together, the senior trustee
and the subordinated trustee are referred to as the trustees. This prospectus briefly outlines some of the provisions of the indentures. The following summary of the material provisions of the
indentures is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the indentures, including definitions of certain terms used in the indentures. Wherever we refer to particular sections or defined terms of
the indentures, those sections or defined terms are incorporated by reference in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement. You should review the indentures that are filed as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part for additional information. None
of the indentures will limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue. The applicable indenture will provide that debt securities may be issued up to an aggregate principal
amount authorized from time to time by us and may be payable in any currency or currency unit designated by us or in amounts determined by reference to an index. General The senior debt securities will constitute our unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations and will rank pari passu with our other
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The subordinated debt securities will constitute our unsecured and subordinated general obligations and will be junior in right of payment to our senior
indebtedness (including senior debt securities), as described under the heading "—Certain Terms of the Subordinated Debt
Securities—Subordination." The debt securities will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries unless such subsidiaries
expressly guarantee such debt securities. The
debt securities will be our unsecured obligations. Any secured debt or other secured obligations will be effectively senior to the debt securities to the extent of the value of the
assets securing such debt or other obligations. The
applicable prospectus supplement and/or free writing prospectus will include any additional or different terms of the debt securities of any series being offered, including the
following terms: • the title and type of the debt securities; • whether the debt securities will be senior or subordinated debt securities, and, with respect to debt securities issued under the subordinated
indenture the terms on which they are subordinated; 10 Table of Contents • the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities; • the price or prices at which we will sell the debt securities; • the maturity date or dates of the debt securities and the right, if any, to extend such date or dates; • the rate or rates, if any, per year, at which the debt securities will bear interest, or the method of determining such rate or rates; • the date or dates from which such interest will accrue, the interest payment dates on which such interest will be payable or the manner of
determination of such interest payment dates and the related record dates; • the right, if any, to extend the interest payment periods and the duration of that extension; • the manner of paying principal and interest and the place or places where principal and interest will be payable; • provisions for a sinking fund, purchase fund or other analogous fund, if any; • any redemption dates, prices, obligations and restrictions on the debt securities; • the currency, currencies or currency units in which the debt securities will be denominated and the currency, currencies or currency units in
which principal and interest, if any, on the debt securities may be payable; • any conversion or exchange features of the debt securities; • whether and upon what terms the debt securities may be defeased; • any events of default or covenants in addition to or in lieu of those set forth in the indenture; • whether the debt securities will be issued in definitive or global form or in definitive form only upon satisfaction of certain conditions; • whether the debt securities will be guaranteed as to payment or performance; • any special tax implications of the debt securities; and • any other material terms of the debt securities. When
we refer to "principal" in this section with reference to the debt securities, we are also referring to "premium, if any." We
may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the holders of any series of debt securities, create and issue further debt securities of any such series ranking equally
with the debt securities of such series in all respects (or in all respects other than (1) the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such further debt securities or
(2) the first payment of interest following the issue date of such further debt securities). Such further debt securities may be consolidated and form a single series with the debt
securities of such series and have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the debt securities of such series. You
may present debt securities for exchange and you may present debt securities for transfer in the manner, at the places and subject to the restrictions set forth in the debt
securities and the applicable prospectus supplement. We will provide you those services without charge, although you may have to pay any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with any
exchange or transfer, as set forth in the indenture. Debt
securities may bear interest at a fixed rate or a floating rate. Debt securities bearing no interest or interest at a rate that at the time of issuance is below the prevailing
market rate (original 11 Table of Contents issue
discount securities) may be sold at a discount below their stated principal amount. U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to any such discounted debt securities or to certain debt
securities issued at par which are treated as having been issued at a discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. We
may issue debt securities with the principal amount payable on any principal payment date, or the amount of interest payable on any interest payment date, to be determined by
reference to one or more currency exchange rates, securities or baskets of securities, commodity prices or indices. You may receive a payment of principal on any principal payment date, or a payment
of interest on any interest payment date, that is greater than or less than the amount of principal or interest otherwise payable on such dates, depending on the value on such dates of the applicable
currency, security or basket of securities, commodity or index. Information as to the methods for determining the amount of principal or interest payable on any date, the currencies, securities or
baskets of securities, commodities or indices to which the amount payable on such date is linked and certain related tax considerations will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Certain Terms of the Senior Debt Securities Covenants. Unless we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, the senior debt securities will not contain any financial or
restrictive
covenants, including covenants restricting either us or any of our subsidiaries from incurring, issuing, assuming or guaranteeing any indebtedness secured by a lien on any of our or our subsidiaries'
property or capital stock, or restricting either us or any of our subsidiaries from entering into sale and leaseback transactions. Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets. Unless we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, we may not consolidate with or merge
into any
other person, in a transaction in which we are not the surviving corporation, or convey, transfer or lease our properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any person, in either case,
unless: • the successor entity, if any, is a U.S. corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust (subject to certain exceptions provided
for in the senior indenture); • the successor entity assumes our obligations on the senior debt securities and under the senior indenture; • immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing; and • certain other conditions are met. No Protection in the Event of a Change in Control. Unless we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular
series of
senior debt securities, the senior debt securities will not contain any provisions that may afford holders of the senior debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the
event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a change in control). Events of Default. Unless we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of senior debt
securities, the
following are events of default under the senior indenture for any series of senior debt securities: • failure to pay interest on any senior debt securities of such series when due and payable, if that default continues for a period of
30 days (or such other period as may be specified for such series); 12 Table of Contents • failure to pay principal on the senior debt securities of such series when due and payable whether at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration
or otherwise (and, if specified for such series, the continuance of such failure for a specified period); • default in the performance of or breach of any of our covenants or agreements in the senior indenture applicable to senior debt securities of
such series, other than a covenant breach which is specifically dealt with elsewhere in the senior indenture, and that default or breach continues for a period of 90 days after we receive
written notice from the trustee or from the holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the senior debt securities of such series; • certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, whether or not voluntary; and • any other event of default provided for in such series of senior debt securities as may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. The
default by us under any other debt, including any other series of debt securities, is not a default under the senior indenture. If
an event of default other than an event of default specified in the fourth bullet point above occurs with respect to a series of senior debt securities and is continuing under the
senior indenture, then, and in each such case, either the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of such series then outstanding under the senior indenture (each
such series voting as a separate class) by written notice to us and to the trustee, if such notice is given by the holders, may, and the trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare the
principal amount of and accrued interest on such series of senior debt securities to be immediately due and payable, and upon this declaration, the same shall become immediately due and payable. If
an event of default specified in the fourth bullet point above occurs and is continuing, the entire principal amount of and accrued interest on each series of senior debt securities
then outstanding shall become immediately due and payable. Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a series of senior debt securities originally issued at a discount, the amount due upon acceleration shall include
only the original issue price of the senior debt securities, the amount of original issue discount accrued to the date of acceleration and accrued interest, if any. Upon
certain conditions, declarations of acceleration may be rescinded and annulled and past defaults may be waived by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the
senior debt securities of such series affected by the default, each series voting as a separate class. Furthermore, subject to various provisions in the senior indenture, the holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of a series of senior debt securities, by notice to the trustee, may waive an existing default or event of default with respect to such senior debt securities and its
consequences, except a default in the payment of principal of or interest on such senior debt securities or in respect of a covenant or provision of the senior indenture which cannot be modified or
amended without the consent of the holders of each such senior debt security. Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any event of default with respect to such senior debt
securities shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of the senior indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or event of default or impair any right
consequent thereto. The
holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of a series of senior debt securities may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to such senior debt securities. However, the trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or
the senior indenture, that may involve the trustee in personal liability or that the trustee determines in good faith may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of holders of such series of senior debt
securities not joining in the 13 Table of Contents giving
of such direction and may take any other action it deems proper that is not inconsistent with any such direction received from holders of such series of senior debt securities. A holder may not
pursue any remedy with respect to the senior indenture or any series of senior debt securities unless: • the holder gives the trustee written notice of a continuing event of default; • the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of such series of senior debt securities make a written request to the trustee to
pursue the remedy in respect of such event of default; • the requesting holder or holders offer the trustee indemnity satisfactory to the trustee against any costs, liability or expense; • the trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of indemnity; and • during such 60-day period, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of such series of senior debt securities do not give the
trustee a direction that is inconsistent with the request. These
limitations, however, do not apply to the right of any holder of a senior debt security to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such senior debt security in
accordance with the terms of such debt security, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment in accordance with the terms of such debt security, on or after the due date for the senior
debt securities, which right shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the holder. The
senior indenture requires certain of our officers to certify, on or before a fixed date in each year in which any senior debt security is outstanding, as to their knowledge of our
compliance with all covenants, agreements and conditions under the senior indenture. Satisfaction and Discharge. We can satisfy and discharge our obligations to holders of any series of senior debt securities
if: • we pay or cause to be paid, as and when due and payable, the principal of and any interest on all senior debt securities of such series
outstanding under the senior indenture; or • all senior debt securities of such series have become due and payable or will become due and payable within one year (or are to be called for
redemption within one year) and we deposit in trust a combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency obligations that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any
other payments on the debt securities of that series on their various due dates. Under
current U.S. federal income tax law, the deposit and our legal release from the debt securities would be treated as though we took back your debt securities and gave you your share
of the cash and debt securities or bonds deposited in trust. In that event, you could recognize gain or loss on the debt securities you give back to us. Purchasers of the debt securities should
consult their own advisers with respect to the tax consequences to them of such deposit and discharge, including the applicability and effect of tax laws other than the U.S. federal income tax law. Defeasance. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides otherwise, the following discussion of legal defeasance and discharge
and covenant
defeasance will apply to any series of debt securities issued under the indentures. Legal Defeasance. We can legally release ourselves from any payment or other obligations on the debt securities of any series (called
"legal
defeasance") if certain conditions are met, including the following: • We deposit in trust for your benefit and the benefit of all other direct holders of the debt securities of the same series a combination
of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government 14 Table of Contents agency
obligations that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the debt securities of that series on their various due dates. • There is a change in current U.S. federal income tax law or an IRS ruling that lets us make the above deposit without causing you to be taxed
on the debt securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and instead repaid the debt securities ourselves when due. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, the deposit and our
legal release from the debt securities would be treated as though we took back your debt securities and gave you your share of the cash and debt securities or bonds deposited in trust. In that event,
you could recognize gain or loss on the debt securities you give back to us. • We deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming the tax law change or ruling described above. If
we accomplish legal defeasance, as described above, you would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the debt securities. You could not look to us for repayment in
the event of any shortfall. Covenant Defeasance. Without any change of current U.S. federal tax law, we can make the same type of deposit described above and be
released from
some of the covenants in the debt securities (called "covenant defeasance"). In that event, you would lose the protection of those covenants but would gain the protection of having money and
securities set aside in trust to repay the debt securities. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, we must do the following (among other things): • We must deposit in trust for your benefit and the benefit of all other direct holders of the debt securities of the same series a
combination of cash and U.S. government or U.S. government agency obligations that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the debt securities of that series on
their various due dates. • We must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that under current U.S. federal income tax law we may make the
above deposit without causing you to be taxed on the debt securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and instead repaid the debt securities ourselves when due. If
we accomplish covenant defeasance, you could still look to us for repayment of the debt securities if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit. In fact, if one of the events of
default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the debt securities become immediately due and payable, there may be such a shortfall. Depending on the events causing the default, you may not be able to
obtain payment of the shortfall. Modification and Waiver. We and the trustee may amend or supplement the senior indenture or the senior debt securities without the
consent of any
holder: • to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any assets as security for the senior debt securities of one or more series; • to evidence the succession of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust to us, and the assumption by such successor of our
covenants, agreements and obligations under the senior indenture or to otherwise comply with the covenant relating to mergers, consolidations and sales of assets; • to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the senior indenture under the Trust Indenture Act
of 1939, as amended; • to add to our covenants such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the protection of the holders, and to make the
occurrence, or the occurrence and continuance, of a 15 Table of Contents default
in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default; • to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the senior indenture or in any supplemental indenture or to conform the senior indenture or
the senior debt securities to the description of senior debt securities of such series set forth in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement; • to provide for or add guarantors with respect to the senior debt securities of any series; • to establish the form or forms or terms of the senior debt securities as permitted by the senior indenture; • to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under the senior indenture by a successor trustee, or to make such changes as shall
be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts in the senior indenture by more than one trustee; • to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, purposes of issue,
authentication and delivery of any series of senior debt securities; • to make any change to the senior debt securities of any series so long as no senior debt securities of such series are outstanding; or • to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder in any material respect. Other
amendments and modifications of the senior indenture or the senior debt securities issued may be made, and our compliance with any provision of the senior indenture with respect to
any series of senior debt securities may be waived, with the consent of the holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of all series affected by
the amendment or modification (voting together as a single class); provided, however, that each affected holder must consent to any modification, amendment or waiver
that: • extends the final maturity of any senior debt securities of such series; • reduces the principal amount of any senior debt securities of such series; • reduces the rate or extends the time of payment of interest on any senior debt securities of such series; • reduces the amount payable upon the redemption of any senior debt securities of such series; • changes the currency of payment of principal of or interest on any senior debt securities of such series; • reduces the principal amount of original issue discount securities payable upon acceleration of maturity or the amount provable in bankruptcy; • waives an uncured default in the payment of principal of or interest on the senior debt securities (except in the case of a rescission of
acceleration as described above); • changes the provisions relating to the waiver of past defaults or changes or impairs the right of holders to receive payment or to institute
suit for the enforcement of any payment or conversion of any senior debt securities of such series on or after the due date therefor; • modifies any of the provisions of these restrictions on amendments and modifications, except to increase any required percentage or to provide
that certain other provisions cannot be modified 16 Table of Contents or
waived without the consent of the holder of each senior debt security of such series affected by the modification; or • reduces the above-stated percentage of outstanding senior debt securities of such series whose holders must consent to a supplemental indenture
or modifies or amends or waives certain provisions of or defaults under the senior indenture. It
shall not be necessary for the holders to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if the holders' consent approves the
substance thereof. After an amendment, supplement or waiver of the senior indenture in accordance with the provisions described in this section becomes effective, the trustee must give to the holders
affected thereby certain notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure by the trustee to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or
affect the validity of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver. No Personal Liability of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers, Directors. The senior indenture provides that no recourse shall be had
under any
obligation, covenant or agreement of ours in the senior indenture or any supplemental indenture, or in any of the senior debt securities or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented
thereby, against any of our incorporators, stockholders, officers or directors, past, present or future, or of any predecessor or successor entity thereof under any law, statute or constitutional
provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise. Each holder, by accepting the senior debt securities, waives and releases all such liability. Concerning the Trustee. The senior indenture provides that, except during the continuance of an event of default, the trustee will not
be liable
except for the performance of such duties as are specifically set forth in the senior indenture. If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee will exercise such rights and powers
vested in it under the senior indenture and will use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own
affairs. The
senior indenture and the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 incorporated by reference therein contain limitations on the rights of the trustee thereunder, should it become
a creditor of ours or any of our subsidiaries, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases or to realize on certain property received by it in respect of any such claims, as security or otherwise.
The trustee is permitted to engage in other transactions, provided that if it acquires any conflicting interest (as defined in the Trust Indenture Act), it must eliminate such conflict or
resign. We
may have normal banking relationships with the senior trustee in the ordinary course of business. Unclaimed Funds. All funds deposited with the trustee or any paying agent for the payment of principal, premium, interest or additional
amounts in
respect of the senior debt securities that remain unclaimed for two years after the date upon which such principal, premium or interest became due and payable will be repaid to us. Thereafter, any
right of any holder of senior debt securities to such funds shall be enforceable only against us, and the trustee and paying agents will have no liability therefor. Governing Law. The senior indenture and the senior debt securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal
laws of the
State of New York. Certain Terms of the Subordinated Debt Securities Other than the terms of the subordinated indenture and subordinated debt securities relating to subordination or otherwise as described in the
prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of 17 Table of Contents subordinated
debt securities, the terms of the subordinated indenture and subordinated debt securities are identical in all material respects to the terms of the senior indenture and senior debt
securities. Additional
or different subordination terms may be specified in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series. Subordination. The indebtedness evidenced by the subordinated debt securities is subordinate to the prior payment in full of all of our
senior
indebtedness, as defined in the subordinated indenture. During the continuance beyond any applicable grace period of any default in the payment of principal, premium, interest or any other payment due
on any of our senior indebtedness, we may not make any payment of principal of or interest on the subordinated debt securities (except for certain sinking fund payments). In addition, upon any payment
or distribution of our assets upon any dissolution,
winding-up, liquidation or reorganization, the payment of the principal of and interest on the subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to the extent provided in the subordinated indenture in
right of payment to the prior payment in full of all our senior indebtedness. Because of this subordination, if we dissolve or otherwise liquidate, holders of our subordinated debt securities may
receive less, ratably, than holders of our senior indebtedness. The subordination provisions do not prevent the occurrence of an event of default under the subordinated indenture. The
term "senior indebtedness" of a person means with respect to such person the principal of, premium, if any, interest on, and any other payment due pursuant to any of the following,
whether outstanding on the date of the subordinated indenture or incurred by that person in the future: • all of the indebtedness of that person for money borrowed; • all of the indebtedness of that person evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds or other securities sold by that person for money; • all of the lease obligations that are capitalized on the books of that person in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; • all indebtedness of others of the kinds described in the first two bullet points above and all lease obligations of others of the kind
described in the third bullet point above that the person, in any manner, assumes or guarantees or that the person in effect guarantees through an agreement to purchase, whether that agreement is
contingent or otherwise; and • all renewals, extensions or refundings of indebtedness of the kinds described in the first, second or fourth bullet point above and all
renewals or extensions of leases of the kinds described in the third or fourth bullet point above; unless,
in the case of any particular indebtedness, renewal, extension or refunding, the instrument creating or evidencing it or the assumption or guarantee relating to it expressly provides that such
indebtedness, renewal, extension or refunding is not superior in right of payment to the subordinated debt securities. Our senior debt securities constitute senior indebtedness for purposes of the
subordinated debt indenture. 18 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our capital stock is intended as a summary only and therefore is not a complete description of our capital stock.
This description is based upon, and is qualified by reference to, our restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated by-laws and applicable provisions of Delaware corporate law. You
should read our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, for the
provisions that are important to you. Our
authorized capital stock consists of 195,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of
January 1, 2017, 36,662,724 shares of common stock were outstanding, which were held of record by 38 stockholders (not including beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name), and no
shares of preferred stock were outstanding. Common Stock Annual Meeting. Annual meetings of our stockholders are held on the date designated in accordance with our amended and restated
by-laws. Written
notice must be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of record of
a majority of our issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at such meeting constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business at meetings of the stockholders. Special meetings of the
stockholders may be called for any purpose, and may be called only by the board of directors, the chairman of the board, or the chief executive officer, and business to be transacted at any special
meeting is limited to matters related to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting. Except as may be otherwise provided by applicable law, our restated certificate of incorporation,
or our amended and restated by-laws, all elections of directors shall be decided by a plurality, and all other questions shall be decided by a majority, of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to
vote thereon at a duly held meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present. Voting Rights. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. Dividends. The holders of common stock, after any preferences of holders of any preferred stock, are entitled to proportionately
receive dividends
when and if declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential dividend or other rights of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in
the future. Liquidation and Dissolution. If we are liquidated or dissolved, the holders of the common stock will be entitled to share in our assets
available for
distribution to stockholders in proportion to the amount of common stock they own. The amount available for common stockholders is calculated after payment of all debts and other liabilities. Holders
of any preferred stock will receive a preferential share of our assets before the holders of the common stock receive any assets. Other Rights. Holders of the common stock have no right to: • convert the stock into any other security; • have the stock redeemed; • purchase additional stock; or • maintain their proportionate ownership interest. 19 Table of Contents The
common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of shares of the common stock are not required to make additional capital contributions. The rights, preferences and
privileges of holders of common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the
future. Transfer Agent and Registrar. Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue "blank check" preferred stock, which may be issued in one or more series upon authorization of our board of
directors. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the designation of the series, the number of authorized shares of the series, dividend rights and terms, conversion rights, voting rights,
redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences and any other rights, powers, preferences and limitations applicable to each series of preferred stock. The authorized shares of our preferred
stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed.
If the approval of our stockholders is not required for the issuance of shares of our preferred stock, our board may determine not to seek stockholder approval. The specific terms of any series of
preferred stock offered pursuant to this prospectus will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. A
series of our preferred stock could, depending on the terms of such series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. Our board of directors will make
any determination to issue preferred shares based upon its judgment as to the best interests of our stockholders. Our directors, in so acting, could issue preferred stock having terms that could
discourage an acquisition attempt through which an acquirer may be able to change the composition of our board of directors, including a tender offer or other transaction that some, or a majority, of
our stockholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then-current market price of the stock. The
preferred stock has the terms described below unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of preferred stock. You should read the
prospectus supplement relating to the particular series of preferred stock being offered for specific terms, including: • the designation and stated value per share of the preferred stock and the number of shares offered; • the amount of liquidation preference per share; • the price at which the preferred stock will be issued; • the dividend rate, or method of calculation of dividends, the dates on which dividends will be payable, whether dividends will be cumulative or
noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which dividends will commence to accumulate; • any redemption or sinking fund provisions; • if other than the currency of the United States, the currency or currencies including composite currencies in which the preferred stock is
denominated and/or in which payments will or may be payable; • any conversion provisions; • whether we have elected to offer depositary shares as described under "Description of Depositary Shares;" and 20 Table of Contents • any other rights, preferences, privileges, limitations and restrictions on the preferred stock. The
preferred stock will, when issued, be fully paid and non-assessable. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, each series of preferred stock will rank equally as to
dividends and liquidation rights in all respects with each other series of preferred stock. The rights of holders of shares of each series of preferred stock will be subordinate to those of our
general creditors. As
described under "Description of Depositary Shares," we may, at our option, with respect to any series of preferred stock, elect to offer fractional interests in shares of preferred
stock, and provide for the issuance of depositary receipts representing depositary shares, each of which will represent a fractional interest in a share of the series of preferred stock. The
fractional interest will be specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of preferred stock. Rank. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, the preferred stock will, with respect to dividend rights and rights
upon our
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, rank: • senior to our common stock and to all equity securities ranking junior to such preferred stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon
our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; • on a parity with all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank on a parity with
the preferred stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; and • junior to all equity securities issued by us, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank senior to the preferred
stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. The
term "equity securities" does not include convertible debt securities. Dividends. Holders of the preferred stock of each series will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of
directors, cash
dividends at such rates and on such dates described in the prospectus supplement. Different series of preferred stock may be entitled to dividends at different rates or based on different methods of
calculation. The dividend rate may be fixed or variable or both. Dividends will be payable to the holders of record as they appear on our stock books on record dates fixed by our board of directors,
as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Dividends
on any series of preferred stock may be cumulative or noncumulative, as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If our board of directors does not declare a dividend
payable on a dividend payment date on any series of noncumulative preferred stock, then the holders of that noncumulative preferred stock will have no right to receive a dividend for that dividend
payment date, and we will have no obligation to pay the dividend accrued for that period, whether or not dividends on that series are declared payable on any future dividend payment dates. Dividends
on any series of cumulative preferred stock will accrue from the date we initially issue shares of such series or such other date specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. No
dividends may be declared or paid or funds set apart for the payment of any dividends on any parity securities unless full dividends have been paid or set apart for payment on the
preferred stock. If full dividends are not paid, the preferred stock will share dividends pro rata with the parity securities. No
dividends may be declared or paid or funds set apart for the payment of dividends on any junior securities unless full dividends for all dividend periods terminating on or prior to
the date of the declaration or payment will have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment set apart for payment on the preferred stock. 21 Table of Contents Liquidation Preference. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, then, before we make
any
distribution or payment to the holders of any common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock in the distribution of assets upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of each series of preferred stock shall be entitled to receive out of assets legally available for distribution to stockholders, liquidating
distributions in the amount of the liquidation preference per share set forth in the prospectus supplement, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. Such dividends will not include any
accumulation in respect of unpaid noncumulative dividends for prior dividend periods. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, after payment of the full amount of their liquidating
distributions, the holders of preferred stock will have no right or claim to any of our
remaining assets. Upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, if our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all
outstanding preferred stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all other classes or series of our capital stock ranking on parity with the preferred stock and all other such classes or series of
shares of capital stock ranking on parity with the preferred stock in the distribution of assets, then the holders of the preferred stock and all other such classes or series of capital stock will
share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be entitled. Upon
any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up and if we have made liquidating distributions in full to all holders of preferred stock, we will distribute our remaining assets
among the holders of any other classes or series of capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock according to their respective rights and preferences and, in each case, according to their
respective number of shares. For such purposes, our consolidation or merger with or into any other corporation, trust or entity, or the sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of our
property or assets will not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. Redemption. If so provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the preferred stock will be subject to mandatory redemption or
redemption at our
option, as a whole or in part, in each case upon the terms, at the times and at the redemption prices set forth in such prospectus supplement. The
prospectus supplement relating to a series of preferred stock that is subject to mandatory redemption will specify the number of shares of preferred stock that shall be redeemed by
us in each year commencing after a date to be specified, at a redemption price per share to be specified, together with an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to the date of
redemption. Unless the shares have a cumulative dividend, such accrued dividends will not include any accumulation in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods. We may pay the redemption
price in cash or other property, as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the redemption price for preferred stock of any series is payable only from the net proceeds of the issuance
of shares of our capital stock, the terms of such preferred stock may provide that, if no such shares of our capital stock shall have been issued or to the extent the net proceeds from any issuance
are insufficient to pay in full the aggregate redemption price then due, such preferred stock shall automatically and mandatorily be converted into the applicable shares of our capital stock pursuant
to conversion provisions specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not redeem any preferred stock of a series
unless: • if that series of preferred stock has a cumulative dividend, we have declared and paid or contemporaneously declare and pay or set aside funds
to pay full cumulative dividends on the preferred stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period; or • if such series of preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend, we have declared and paid or contemporaneously declare and pay or set
aside funds to pay full dividends for the then current dividend period. 22 Table of Contents In
addition, we will not acquire any preferred stock of a series unless: • if that series of preferred stock has a cumulative dividend, we have declared and paid or contemporaneously declare and pay or set aside funds
to pay full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of such series of preferred stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period; or • if that series of preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend, we have declared and paid or contemporaneously declare and pay or set
aside funds to pay full dividends on the preferred stock of such series for the then current dividend period. However,
at any time we may purchase or acquire preferred stock of that series (1) pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding
preferred stock of such series or (2) by conversion into or exchange for shares of our capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock of such series as to dividends and upon liquidation. If
fewer than all of the outstanding shares of preferred stock of any series are to be redeemed, we will determine the number of shares that may be redeemed pro rata from the holders of
record of such shares in proportion to the number of such shares held or for which redemption is requested by such holder or by any other equitable manner that we determine. Such determination will
reflect adjustments to avoid redemption of fractional shares. Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, we will mail notice of redemption at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each
holder of record of preferred stock to be redeemed at the address shown on our stock transfer books. Each notice shall state: • the redemption date; • the number of shares and series of preferred stock to be redeemed; • the redemption price; • the place or places where certificates for such preferred stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; • that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date; • the date on which the holder's conversion rights, if any, as to such shares shall terminate; and • the specific number of shares to be redeemed from each such holder if fewer than all the shares of any series are to be redeemed. If
notice of redemption has been given and we have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of any shares called for redemption, then
from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares, and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. Voting Rights. Holders of preferred stock will not have any voting rights, except as required by law or as indicated in the applicable
prospectus
supplement. Unless
otherwise provided for under the terms of any series of preferred stock, no consent or vote of the holders of shares of preferred stock or any series thereof shall be required for
any amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock or the number of authorized shares of any series thereof or decrease the number
of authorized shares of preferred stock or the number of authorized shares of any series thereof (but not below the number of authorized shares of preferred stock or such series, as the case may be,
then outstanding). Conversion Rights. The terms and conditions, if any, upon which any series of preferred stock is convertible into our common stock will
be set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement relating 23 Table of Contents thereto.
Such terms will include the number of shares of common stock into which the shares of preferred stock are convertible, the conversion price, rate or manner of calculation thereof, the
conversion period, provisions as to whether conversion will be at our option or at the option of the holders of the preferred stock, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price and
provisions affecting conversion in the event of the redemption. Transfer Agent and Registrar. The transfer agent and registrar for the preferred stock will be set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Registration Rights We have entered into an amended and restated investors' rights agreement dated as of August 4, 2015, or the Investors' Rights Agreement,
which provides the selling stockholders, which include some of our directors and 5% stockholders and their respective affiliates and entities affiliated with our officers and directors, the right to
require us to register these shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, under specified circumstances as described below. After registration pursuant to these rights,
including the registration of these shares under the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, these shares will become freely tradable without restriction under the
Securities Act. As of March 3, 2017, 15,249,303 shares of our outstanding common stock are subject to registration rights under the Investors' Rights Agreement and these shares are being
registered under the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The registration rights under the Investors' Rights Agreement terminate upon the earliest to occur
of: • the closing of a "Deemed Liquidation Event," as such term is defined in our restated certificate of incorporation; • with respect to any holder party to the Investors' Rights Agreement, such time as Rule 144 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Act, or another similar exemption under the Securities Act is available for the sale of all of the shares held by such holder without limitation during a three-month
period without registration (and without the requirement for us to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1)); or • February 8, 2021. Demand Registration Rights. Subject to specified limitations set forth in the Investors' Rights Agreement, the holders of at least 30%
of then
outstanding registrable securities, as defined in the Investors' Rights Agreement, acting together, may demand in writing that we register their registrable securities under the Securities Act so long
as the total amount of registrable shares requested to be registered has an anticipated aggregate offering price to the public, net of selling expenses, of least $10.0 million. We are
not obligated to file a registration statement pursuant to this demand provision on more than two occasions, subject to specified exceptions. In
addition, subject to specified limitations set forth in the Investors Rights Agreement, the holders of at least 30% of the registrable securities then outstanding may demand in
writing that we register on Form S-3 registrable shares held by them so long as the total amount of registrable shares requested to be registered has an anticipated aggregate offering price to
the public, net of selling expenses, of at least $5.0 million. Incidental Registration Rights. If we propose to file a registration statement to register any of our securities under the
Securities Act,
either for our own account or for the account of any of our stockholders that are not holders of registrable shares, solely for cash and on a form that would also permit the registration of
registrable shares, the holders of our registrable shares are entitled to notice 24 Table of Contents of
registration and, subject to specified exceptions set forth in the Investors' Rights Agreement, we will be required to register the registrable shares then held by them that they request that we
register. Expenses. Pursuant to the Investors' Rights Agreement, we are required to pay all registration expenses, including registration fees,
printing
expenses, fees and disbursements of our counsel and accountants, and reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel representing the selling stockholders, other than any underwriting discounts and
commissions, related to any demand or incidental registration. The Investors' Rights Agreement contains customary cross-indemnification provisions, pursuant to which we are obligated to indemnify the
selling stockholders in the event of material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to us or any violation of specified securities laws by us, and they are obligated to
indemnify us for material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to them or any violation of specified securities laws by them. Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws and Delaware Law That May Have Anti-Takeover
Effects Delaware law, our restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate
takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. Staggered Board; Removal of Directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws divide our board of
directors into
three classes with staggered three-year terms. In addition, a director may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the votes that all of our
stockholders would be entitled to cast in an annual election of directors. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be
filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. The classification of our board of directors and the limitations on the removal of directors and filling of vacancies could make it
more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, control of our company. Stockholder Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that any action required or
permitted to
be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders. Our restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of our stockholders can only be called by the chairman of our board of directors,
our Chief Executive Officer, or our board of directors. Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals. Our amended and restated bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for
stockholder
proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider
proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board of directors or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the
meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to our secretary of the stockholder's intention to bring such business before the meeting.
These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the
next stockholder meeting stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 25 Table of Contents Delaware Business Combination Statute. We are subject to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
Subject to
certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with any "interested stockholder" for three years following the date that
the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. A "business combination" includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the "interested stockholder" and the sale of more than 10% of our assets. In
general, an "interested stockholder" is any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by
such entity or person. Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware provides generally that the
affirmative
vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation's certificate of incorporation or
bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our amended and restated bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least 75% of the votes that all of our stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the
votes that all of our stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors is required to amend or repeal or to adopt any provisions inconsistent with any of the provisions of
our restated certificate of incorporation described above under "—Staggered Board; Removal of Directors" and "—Stockholder Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings." Exclusive Forum Selection. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall
be the sole
and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our
directors, officers, or other employees to our company or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against our company arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware or our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim against our company governed by the internal affairs
doctrine. Although our restated certificate of incorporation contains the choice of forum provision
described above, it is possible that a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. Blank Check Preferred Stock. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides for 5,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The
existence of
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender
offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of
our company, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting
or other rights of the proposed acquiror or insurgent shareholder or shareholder group. In this regard, our restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish
the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution
to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of such holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring, or
preventing a change in control of the company. Our board of directors currently does not intend to seek shareholder approval prior to any issuance of shares of preferred stock, unless otherwise
required by law. 26 Table of Contents Authorized But Unissued Shares. Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance
without
stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance
transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to
obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 27 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES General We may, at our option, elect to offer fractional shares of preferred stock, which we call depositary shares, rather than full shares of
preferred stock. If we do, we will issue to the public receipts, called depositary receipts, for depositary shares, each of which will represent a fraction, to be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement, of a share of a particular series of preferred stock. Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement, each owner of a depositary share will be entitled, in proportion to
the applicable fractional interest in a share of preferred stock represented by
the depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the depositary share. Those rights include dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation
rights. The
shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to act as depositary under a deposit agreement between us,
the depositary and the holders of the depositary receipts. The depositary will be the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the depositary shares. The
depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Holders of depositary receipts agree to be bound by the deposit agreement, which
requires holders to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and paying certain charges. The
summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this prospectus is not a complete description of the terms of the depository shares. You should refer to the form of the
deposit agreement, our restated certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designation for the applicable series of preferred stock that are, or will be, filed with the SEC. Dividends and Other Distributions The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions, if any, received in respect of the preferred stock underlying the
depositary shares to the record holders of depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary shares owned by those holders on the relevant record date. The relevant record date for
depositary shares will be the same date as the record date for the underlying preferred stock. If
there is a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property (including securities) received by it to the record holders of depositary shares, unless the
depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt another method for the distribution, including selling the property
and distributing the net proceeds from the sale to the holders. Liquidation Preference If a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has a liquidation preference, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the liquidation preference accorded each share of the applicable series of
preferred stock, as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Withdrawal of Stock Unless the related depositary shares have been previously called for redemption, upon surrender of the depositary receipts at the office of the
depositary, the holder of the depositary shares will be entitled to delivery, at the office of the depositary to or upon his or her order, of the number of whole shares of the preferred stock and any
money or other property represented by the depositary shares. If the depositary receipts delivered by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in excess of the 28 Table of Contents number
of depositary shares representing the number of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn, the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary receipt evidencing
the excess number of depositary shares. In no event will the depositary deliver fractional shares of preferred stock upon surrender of depositary receipts. Holders of preferred stock thus withdrawn
may not thereafter deposit those shares under the deposit agreement or receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor. Redemption of Depositary Shares Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date the number of
depositary shares representing shares of the preferred stock so redeemed, so long as we have paid in full to the depositary the redemption price of the preferred stock to be redeemed plus an amount
equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends on the preferred stock to the date fixed for redemption. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the redemption price and any other
amounts per share payable on the preferred stock multiplied by the fraction of a share of preferred stock represented by one depositary share. If less than all the depositary shares are to be
redeemed, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any other equitable method as may be determined by the depositary. After
the date fixed for redemption, depositary shares called for redemption will no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of depositary shares will cease,
except the right to receive the monies payable upon redemption and any money or other property to which the holders of the depositary shares were entitled upon redemption upon surrender to the
depositary of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Voting the Preferred Stock Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information
contained in the notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary receipts relating to that preferred stock. The record date for the depositary receipts relating to the preferred stock will
be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting
rights pertaining to the number of shares of preferred stock represented by that holder's depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as practicable, to vote the number of shares of
preferred stock represented by the depositary shares in accordance with those instructions, and we will agree to take all action that may be deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the
depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote any shares of preferred stock except to the extent it receives specific instructions from the holders of depositary shares representing that number of
shares of preferred stock. Charges of Depositary We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will pay
charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer, income and other
taxes and governmental charges and such other charges (including those in connection with the receipt and distribution of dividends, the sale or exercise of rights, the withdrawal of the preferred
stock and the transferring, splitting or grouping of depositary receipts) as are expressly provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges have not been paid by the
holders of depositary receipts, the depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold dividends and distributions and sell the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary receipt. 29 Table of Contents Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement The form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may be amended by agreement between
us and the depositary. However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares, other than fee changes, will not be effective unless the amendment
has been approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding depositary shares. The deposit agreement may be terminated by the depositary or us only if: • all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or • there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock in connection with our dissolution and such distribution has been made to all the
holders of depositary shares. Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may remove the depositary at any time. Any
resignation or removal of the depositary will take effect upon our appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. The successor depositary must be appointed within
60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal and must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United States and having the requisite combined capital and
surplus as set forth in the applicable agreement. Notices The depositary will forward to holders of depositary receipts all notices, reports and other communications, including proxy solicitation
materials received from us, that are delivered to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In addition, the depositary will make available for
inspection by holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time deem advisable, any reports and communications we deliver
to the depositary as the holder of preferred stock. Limitation of Liability Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either we or it is prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond its control in
performing its obligations. Our obligations and those of the depositary will be limited to performance in good faith of our and their duties thereunder. We and the depositary will not be obligated to
prosecute or defend any legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice of
counsel or accountants, on information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons believed to be competent to give such information and
on documents believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 30 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS AND PURCHASE UNITS We may issue purchase contracts, including contracts obligating holders to purchase from or sell to us, and obligating us to sell to or purchase
from the holders, a specified number of shares of our common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares at a future date or dates, which we refer to in this prospectus as purchase contracts. The
price per share of common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares and the number of shares of each may be fixed at the time the purchase contracts are issued or may be determined by reference to a
specific formula set forth in the purchase contracts. The purchase contracts may be issued separately or as part of units, often known as purchase units, consisting of one or more purchase contracts
and beneficial interests in debt securities or any other securities described in the applicable prospectus supplement or any combination of the foregoing, securing the holders' obligations to purchase
the common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares under the purchase contracts. The
purchase contracts may require us to make periodic payments to the holders of the purchase units or vice versa, and these payments may be unsecured or prefunded on some basis. The
purchase contracts may require holders to secure their obligations under those contracts in a specified manner, including pledging their interest in another purchase contract. The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of the purchase contracts and purchase units, including, if applicable, collateral or depositary arrangements. 31 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares or debt securities. We may offer warrants separately or
together with one or more additional warrants, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares or debt securities, or any combination of those securities in the form of units, as described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. If we issue warrants as part of a unit, the accompanying prospectus supplement will specify whether those warrants may be separated from the other securities in the
unit prior to the expiration date of the warrants. The applicable prospectus supplement will also describe the following terms of any warrants: • the specific designation and aggregate number of, and the offering price at which we will issue, the warrants; • the currency or currency units in which the offering price, if any, and the exercise price are payable; • the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will begin and the date on which that right will expire or, if you may not continuously
exercise the warrants throughout that period, the specific date or dates on which you may exercise the warrants; • whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with other securities as parts of units; • whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or global form or in any combination of these forms, although, in any case, the form of a
warrant included in a unit will correspond to the form of the unit and of any security included in that unit; • any applicable material U.S. federal income tax consequences; • the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of any other depositaries, execution or paying agents, transfer agents, registrars or
other agents; • the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on any securities exchange; • the designation and terms of any equity securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants; • the designation, aggregate principal amount, currency and terms of any debt securities that may be purchased upon exercise of the warrants; • if applicable, the designation and terms of the preferred stock or depositary shares with which the warrants are issued and the number of
warrants issued with each security; • if applicable, the date from and after which any warrants issued as part of a unit and the related debt securities, preferred stock, depositary
shares or common stock will be separately transferable; • the number of shares of common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant and the price at which those
shares may be purchased; • if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the warrants that may be exercised at any one time; • information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; • the anti-dilution provisions of, and other provisions for changes to or adjustment in the exercise price of, the warrants, if any; • any redemption or call provisions; and • any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange or exercise of the warrants. 32 Table of Contents FORMS OF SECURITIES Each debt security, depositary share, purchase contract, purchase unit and warrant will be represented either by a certificate issued in
definitive form to a particular investor or by one or more global securities representing the entire issuance of securities. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides otherwise,
certificated securities in definitive form and global securities will be issued in registered form. Definitive securities name you or your nominee as the owner of the security, and in order to
transfer or exchange these securities or to receive payments other than interest or other interim payments, you or your nominee must physically deliver the securities to the trustee, registrar, paying
agent or other agent, as applicable. Global securities name a depositary or its nominee as the owner of the debt securities, depositary shares, purchase contracts, purchase units or warrants
represented by these global securities. The depositary maintains a computerized system that will reflect each investor's beneficial ownership of the securities through an account maintained by the
investor with its broker/dealer, bank, trust company or other representative, as we explain more fully below. Global Securities We may issue the debt securities, depositary shares, purchase contracts, purchase units and warrants in the form of one or more fully registered
global securities that will be deposited with a depositary or its nominee identified in the applicable prospectus supplement and registered in the name of that depositary or nominee. In those cases,
one or more global securities will be issued in a denomination or aggregate denominations equal to the portion of the aggregate principal or face amount of the securities to be represented by global
securities. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole for securities in definitive registered form, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by and among the depositary for the
global security, the nominees of the depositary or any successors of the depositary or those nominees. If
not described below, any specific terms of the depositary arrangement with respect to any securities to be represented by a global security will be described in the prospectus
supplement relating to those securities. We anticipate that the following provisions will apply to all depositary arrangements. Ownership
of beneficial interests in a global security will be limited to persons, called participants, that have accounts with the depositary or persons that may hold interests through
participants. Upon the issuance of a global security, the depositary will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the participants' accounts with the respective principal or face
amounts of the securities beneficially owned by the participants. Any dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution of the securities will designate the accounts to be credited.
Ownership of beneficial interests in a global security will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership interests will be effected
only through, records maintained by the depositary, with respect to interests of participants, and on the records of participants, with respect to interests of persons holding through participants.
The laws of some states may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of these securities in definitive form. These laws may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge
beneficial interests in global securities. So
long as the depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a global security, that depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder
of the securities represented by the global security for all purposes under the applicable indenture, deposit agreement, purchase contract, warrant agreement or purchase unit agreement. Except as
described below, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be entitled to have the securities represented by the global security registered in their names, will not receive or be
entitled to receive physical delivery of the securities in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or holders of the securities under the applicable indenture, deposit agreement,
purchase contract, purchase unit agreement or warrant agreement. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a global 33 Table of Contents security
must rely on the procedures of the depositary for that global security and, if that person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which the person owns its
interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the applicable indenture, deposit agreement, purchase contract, purchase unit agreement or warrant agreement. We understand that under existing
industry practices, if we request any action of holders or if an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security desires to give or take any action that a holder is entitled to give or take under
the applicable indenture, deposit agreement, purchase contract, purchase unit agreement or warrant agreement, the depositary for the global security would authorize the participants holding the
relevant beneficial interests to give or take that action, and the participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through them to give or take that action or would otherwise act upon the
instructions of beneficial owners holding through them. Principal,
premium, if any, and interest payments on debt securities, and any payments to holders with respect to depositary shares, warrants, purchase agreements or purchase units,
represented by a global security registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee will be made to the depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the global
security. None of us, or any trustee, warrant agent, unit agent or other agent of ours, or any agent of any trustee, warrant agent or unit agent will have any responsibility or liability for any
aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to those
beneficial ownership interests. We
expect that the depositary for any of the securities represented by a global security, upon receipt of any payment to holders of principal, premium, interest or other distribution of
underlying securities or other property on that registered global security, will immediately credit participants' accounts in
amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in that global security as shown on the records of the depositary. We also expect that payments by participants to owners of beneficial
interests in a global security held through participants will be governed by standing customer instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with the securities held for the accounts of
customers or registered in "street name," and will be the responsibility of those participants. If
the depositary for any of the securities represented by a global security is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or ceases to be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act, and a successor depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue securities in definitive form in
exchange for the global security that had been held by the depositary. Any securities issued in definitive form in exchange for a global security will be registered in the name or names that the
depositary gives to the relevant trustee, warrant agent, unit agent or other relevant agent of ours or theirs. It is expected that the depositary's instructions will be based upon directions received
by the depositary from participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global security that had been held by the depositary. 34 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Securities Offered by Us We may sell securities: • through underwriters; • through dealers; • through agents; • directly to purchasers; or • through a combination of any of these methods of sale. In
addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders. This prospectus may be used in connection with any
offering of our securities through any of these methods or other methods described in the applicable prospectus supplement. We
may directly solicit offers to purchase securities, or agents may be designated to solicit such offers. We will, in the prospectus supplement relating to such offering, name any agent
that could be viewed as an underwriter under the Securities Act, and describe any commissions that we must pay. Any such agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment
or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, on a firm commitment basis. The
distribution of the securities may be effected from time to time in one or more transactions: • at a fixed price, or prices, which may be changed from time to time; • at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • at negotiated prices. Each
prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution of the securities and any applicable restrictions. The
prospectus supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including the
following: • the name of the agent or any underwriters; • the public offering or purchase price and the proceeds we will receive from the sale of the securities; • any discounts and commissions to be allowed or re-allowed or paid to the agent or underwriters; • all other items constituting underwriting compensation; • any discounts and commissions to be allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers; and • any exchanges on which the securities will be listed. If
any underwriters or agents are utilized in the sale of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we will enter into an underwriting agreement or other agreement
with them at the time of sale to them, and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to such offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of the related agreement with
them. 35 Table of Contents If
a dealer is utilized in the sale of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we will sell such securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then
resell such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by such dealer at the time of resale. If
we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders, we may enter into a standby underwriting agreement with dealers, acting as standby
underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement, we may
retain a dealer-manager to manage a subscription rights offering for us. Remarketing
firms, agents, underwriters, dealers and other persons may be entitled under agreements which they may enter into with us to indemnification by us against certain civil
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. If
so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase
securities from us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each contract will be for an amount not less than, and the
aggregate amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when
authorized, may be made include commercial and savings banks, insurance companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all
cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will not be subject to any conditions except that: • the purchase by an institution of the securities covered under that contract shall not at the time of delivery be prohibited under the laws of
the jurisdiction to which that institution is subject; and • if the securities are also being sold to underwriters acting as principals for their own account, the underwriters shall have purchased such
securities not sold for delayed delivery. The underwriters and other persons acting as our agents will not have any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of delayed delivery
contracts. Certain
agents, underwriters and dealers, and their associates and affiliates may be customers of, have borrowing relationships with, engage in other transactions with, and/or perform
services, including investment banking services, for us or one or more of our respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In
order to facilitate the offering of the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities or any other
securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any underwriters may over-allot in connection with the offering, creating a short position for their
own accounts. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the price of the securities or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, the securities or any such
other securities in the open market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an
underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in
stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any such underwriters are not required to
engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. Under
Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in three business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree
otherwise. The applicable prospectus supplement may provide that the original issue date for your securities may be 36 Table of Contents more
than three scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you wish to trade securities on any date prior to the third business day before the
original issue date for your securities, you will be required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are expected to settle more than three scheduled business days after the trade date
for your securities, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. The
securities may be new issues of securities and may have no established trading market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national securities exchange. We can make no
assurance as to the liquidity of or the existence of trading markets for any of the securities. Common Stock Offered by the Selling Stockholders The shares of common stock covered by this prospectus for offer and sale by the selling stockholders may be offered and sold from time to time
by the selling stockholders. The term "selling stockholders" includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares received after the date of this prospectus from a
selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other non-sale related transfer. The selling stockholders may offer and sell the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus
from time to time on any stock exchange on which the shares are listed, in the over-the-counter market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, at fixed prices that may be changed, at
market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at prices otherwise negotiated. The selling stockholders will act independently of us in making decisions
with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale, and we cannot assure you that the selling stockholders will sell all or any portion of the shares offered hereby. We will not receive any
proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. The
selling stockholders may offer and sell the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus by one or more of the following methods, including, without
limitation: • block trades in which the broker or dealer so engaged will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the
block as principal to facilitate the transaction; • purchases by a broker or dealer as principal and resale by the broker or dealer for its own account pursuant to this prospectus; • ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchases; • "at the market" transactions to or through market makers or into an existing market for our common stock; • in privately negotiated transactions; • short sales; • in options, swaps or other derivative transactions that may or may not be listed on an exchange; • one or more underwritten offerings on a firm commitment or best efforts basis; or • any combination of the above. The
selling stockholders may engage brokers and dealers, and any brokers or dealers may arrange for other brokers or dealers to participate in effecting sales of the shares. These
brokers, dealers or underwriters may act as principals, or as agents of the selling stockholders. Broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of the shares of
common stock at a stipulated price per share. If a broker-dealer is unable to sell shares of common stock acting as agent for the selling stockholders, it may purchase as principal any unsold shares
of common stock at the stipulated price. Broker-dealers who acquire shares of common stock as principals may thereafter resell the shares 37 Table of Contents of
common stock from time to time in transactions in any stock exchange on which the shares are then listed, at prices and on terms then prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the
then-current market price or in negotiated transactions. Broker-dealers may use block transactions and sales to and through broker-dealers, including transactions of the nature described above. To
the extent required under the Securities Act, the aggregate amount of the shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders and the terms of the offering, the names of
any agents, brokers, dealers or underwriters and any applicable commission with respect to a particular offering will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement. Any underwriters, dealers,
brokers or agents participating in the distribution of the shares may receive compensation in the form of underwriting discounts, concessions, commissions or fees from the selling stockholders and/or
purchasers of the selling stockholders' shares, for whom they may act, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of customary commissions. Any
underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents that participate in the distribution of the shares of common stock may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act,
and any discounts, concessions, commissions or fees received by them and any profit on the resale of the shares of common stock sold by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. The
selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers and the broker-dealers may engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the
positions they assume with the selling stockholders, including, without limitation, in connection with distributions of the shares of common stock by those broker-dealers. The selling stockholders may
enter into option or other
transactions with broker-dealers that involve the delivery of the shares of common stock offered hereby to the broker-dealers, who may then resell or otherwise transfer those securities. The
selling stockholders and other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the shares of common stock will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M. This regulation may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of common stock by the selling stockholders and any
other person. The anti-manipulation rules under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares of common stock in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates.
Furthermore, Regulation M may restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the particular shares
being distributed for a period of up to five business days before the distribution. These restrictions may affect the marketability of the common stock and the ability of any person or entity to
engage in market-making activities with respect to the securities. The
selling stockholders may also sell the shares in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act rather than pursuant to this prospectus, regardless of whether the shares
are covered by this prospectus. We
will make copies of this prospectus available to the selling stockholders and any of their successors in interest for purposes of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act, if applicable. Pursuant
to the Investors' Rights Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify in certain circumstances the selling stockholders against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities
under the Securities Act. The selling stockholders have agreed to indemnify us in certain circumstances against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. The selling
stockholders may indemnify any underwriter or broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of common stock against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the
Securities Act. In
order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus must be sold in such jurisdictions only through
registered or licensed 38 Table of Contents brokers
or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares of common stock may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the
registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. To
the extent required, this prospectus may be amended or supplemented from time to time to describe a specific plan of distribution. 39 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Unless the applicable prospectus supplement indicates otherwise, the validity of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is being
delivered will be passed upon by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP. EXPERTS Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement. Our financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 40 Table of Contents EDITAS MEDICINE, INC. Debt Securities Common Stock Preferred Stock Depositary Shares Purchase Contracts Purchase Units Warrants PROSPECTUS , 2017 Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer
or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion, dated March 3, 2017 PROSPECTUS Editas Medicine, Inc. Up to $50,000,000 Common Stock We have entered into a sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, dated March 3, 2017, relating to the sale of shares of
our common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, offered by this prospectus. In accordance with the terms of the sales agreement, under this prospectus we may offer and sell shares of our common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000 from time to time through Cowen, acting as our agent. Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "EDIT." The last reported sale price of our common stock on March 1, 2017 was $24.60 per share. Sales
of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus will be made at market prices by any method that is deemed an "at the market offering" as defined in Rule 415(a)(4)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through the NASDAQ Global Select Market or on any other existing trading market for
our common stock. Cowen is not required to sell any specific amount of securities, but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or
similar arrangement. Cowen
will be entitled to compensation at a commission rate equal to 3.0% of the gross sales price per share sold under the sales agreement. See "Plan of Distribution" beginning on
page SA-12 for additional information regarding the compensation to be paid to Cowen. In connection with the sale of the common stock on our behalf, Cowen will be deemed to be an "underwriter"
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of Cowen will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to
Cowen with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Investing in these securities involves certain risks. See "Risk Factors" on page SA-6 of this prospectus and in the
documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase our common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Cowen and Company The date of this prospectus is , 2017 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | SA-1
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | SA-2
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | SA-2
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | SA-3
EDITAS MEDICINE, INC | SA-4
THE OFFERING | SA-5
RISK FACTORS | SA-6
USE OF PROCEEDS | SA-7
DIVIDEND POLICY | SA-8
DILUTION | SA-9
PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK | SA-11
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | SA-12
LEGAL MATTERS | SA-14
EXPERTS | SA-14 i Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the "SEC,"
utilizing a "shelf" registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may from time to time sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000 under
this prospectus at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of each such offering. In connection with such offers and when accompanied by the base prospectus included in the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, this prospectus will be deemed a prospectus supplement to such base prospectus. Before
buying any of the common stock that we are offering, we urge you to carefully read the base prospectus, this prospectus and all of the information incorporated by reference herein
and therein, as well as the additional information described under the headings "Where You Can Find More Information" and "Incorporation by Reference." These documents contain important information
that you should consider when making your investment decision. To
the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus, on the one hand, and the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this
prospectus, on the other hand, you should rely on the information in this prospectus. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later
date—for example, a document incorporated by reference in this prospectus—the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. We
have not, and Cowen has not, authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying
prospectus supplement or in any related free writing prospectus to which we have referred you. We and the selling stockholders take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. This prospectus does not constitute an
offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the securities described in this prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in
any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free
writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. Unless
the context otherwise indicates, references in this prospectus to "we," "our" and "us" refer, collectively, to Editas Medicine, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiary. SA-1 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public
over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by us with the SEC are also available on our website at www.editasmedicine.com. Our website is not a
part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC's Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. This
prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. This prospectus omits some information contained in the registration statement in accordance with SEC rules and
regulations. You should review the information and exhibits in the registration statement for further information about us and our consolidated subsidiary and the securities we are offering.
Statements in this prospectus concerning any document we filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or that we otherwise filed with the SEC are not intended to be comprehensive and are
qualified by reference to these filings. You should review the complete document to evaluate these statements. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference much of the information we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those publicly available documents. The information that we incorporate by reference in this prospectus is considered to be part of this prospectus. Because we
are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this prospectus is continually updated and those future filings may modify or supersede some of the information included or incorporated in
this prospectus. This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus or in any document previously
incorporated by reference have been modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents listed below (File No. 001-37687) and any future filings we make with the SEC
under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act (in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those documents not
deemed to be filed) between the date of the initial registration statement and the effectiveness of the registration statement and following the effectiveness of the registration statement until the
offering of the securities under the registration statement is terminated or completed: • Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed March 3, 2017; • Current Reports on Form 8-K filed January 23, 2017 and March 3, 2017; and • The description of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on January 29, 2016, including any
amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. A
statement contained in a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which is also incorporated in this prospectus modifies or replaces such statement. Any
statements so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. You
may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Editas
Medicine, Inc. Attn: Investor Relations 11 Hurley St. Cambridge, MA 02141 (617) 401-9000 SA-2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the information incorporated by reference in this prospectus include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements
other than statements of historical facts included in this prospectus and the information incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including statements regarding our future results of operations
and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "could," "intends," "target," "projects," "contemplates,"
"believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this prospectus and the information
incorporated by reference in this prospectus are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial
trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those
projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Risk Factors" for more information. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
contained or incorporated by reference herein. SA-3 Table of Contents EDITAS MEDICINE, INC. We are a leading genome editing company dedicated to treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing
genes. We believe that we have entered a new era of genomic medicine as the growth of genomic information in recent decades has significantly expanded the understanding of genetically defined
diseases. A new technology known as CRISPR (clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats) has the potential to achieve precise, directed changes in DNA. The confluence of these two
streams of scientific endeavor, understanding genetic defects and having the tools to be able to address them, creates the opportunity for us to achieve a longstanding goal of medicine: to treat the
root causes of diseases at the genetic level. Our mission is to translate the promise of our science into a broad class of transformative genomic medicines to benefit the greatest number of patients. We
are developing a proprietary genome editing platform based on CRISPR technology. CRISPR uses a protein-RNA complex composed of an enzyme, including either Cas9 (CRISPR associated
protein 9) or Cpf1 (CRISPR from Prevotella and Francisella 1), bound to a guide RNA molecule designed to recognize a particular DNA sequence. Once the complex binds to the DNA sequence it was
designed to recognize, the complex makes a specific cut in the DNA, ultimately triggering the cell's DNA repair machinery to change the targeted sequence. Our platform consists of four interrelated
components: nuclease engineering, delivery, control and specificity, and directed editing. These components are designed to develop medicines that specifically address a wide variety of genetic
targets, reach the site of disease safely and effectively, tightly and specifically control the editing process, and drive the right
kind of genetic repair. Our preclinical drug discovery platform uses the flexibility of CRISPR technology to enable rapid reprogramming of the guide RNA complex with the potential to direct it to
almost any site in the human genome. Using this platform, we aim to develop and advance a broad range of therapies for genetically defined diseases. Our
principal executive offices are located at 11 Hurley Street, Cambridge, MA 02141, and our telephone number is (617) 401-9000. SA-4 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us | Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000.
Manner of offering | "At the market offering" that may be made from time to time through our sales agent, Cowen and Company, LLC. See the section entitled "Plan of Distribution" on page SA-12 of this prospectus.
Use of proceeds | We intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering to fund preclinical studies and clinical trials for our LCA10 program, preclinical studies in our collaboration with Juno Therapeutics, continued expansion of our platform technology, preclinical studies of our other research programs, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
We have not determined the amount of net proceeds to be used specifically for such purposes. As a result, management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of net proceeds. See "Use of Proceeds" on page SA-7 of this prospectus.
Risk factors | See "Risk Factors" beginning on page SA-6 of this prospectus and the other information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus for a discussion of certain factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock.
NASDAQ Global Select Market symbol | "EDIT" SA-5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our common stock, you should consider carefully the risks
and uncertainties described below and under the section captioned "Risk Factors" contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC from time to
time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the information and documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and
in any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus that we authorize for use in connection with this offering. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flow could suffer materially. In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to This Offering If you purchase shares of common stock in this offering, you will suffer immediate dilution of your
investment. The shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at various prices. However, the expected offering price of our common
stock will be substantially higher than the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. Therefore, if you purchase shares of our common stock in this offering, you will pay a price per
share that substantially exceeds our net tangible book value per share after this offering. Assuming that an aggregate of 2,032,520 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $24.60 per share
pursuant to this prospectus, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 1, 2017, for aggregate gross proceeds of $50,000,000, after
deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, you will experience immediate dilution of $19.87 per share, representing the difference between our as adjusted net
tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering and the assumed offering price of $24.60 per share. To the extent outstanding options are exercised, you will incur further dilution. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is
less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per
share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid
by investors in this offering. We have broad discretion over the use of our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds we receive
in this offering, and may not use them effectively. Our management has broad discretion to use our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds we receive in this offering, to fund our
operations and could spend these funds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively
could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending
their use to fund operations, we may invest our cash and cash equivalents in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. SA-6 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to $50,000,000 from time to time (before deducting
sales agent commissions and expenses). Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to
us, if any, are not determinable at this time. We
intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering to fund preclinical studies and clinical trials for our LCA10 program, preclinical studies in our collaboration with Juno
Therapeutics, continued expansion of our platform technology, preclinical studies of our other research programs, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The
amounts and timing of our actual use of the net proceeds may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including the progress of our research and development efforts, the
status of and results from clinical trials, any collaborations that we may enter into with third parties for our programs, and any unforeseen cash needs. As of the date of this prospectus, we cannot
specify with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to us from this offering. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion in the timing and application of these proceeds.
We do not expect that the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents will be
sufficient to enable us to fund the completion of development of any product candidates we may develop. Pending
use of the proceeds as described above, we intend to invest the proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities and U.S. government securities. SA-7 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operation and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. SA-8 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in our common stock, your interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the price per share you pay in this
offering and the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Our net tangible book value as of December 31, 2016 was approximately
$134.6 million, or $3.67 per share of common stock based upon 36,662,724 shares outstanding. Net tangible book value per share is equal to our total tangible assets, less our total liabilities,
divided by the total number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2016. After
giving effect to an assumed sale of 2,032,520 of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $50,000,000 in this offering at an assumed offering price of $24.60 per share, the last
reported sale price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 1, 2017, and after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net
tangible book value as of December 31, 2016 would have been approximately $182.9 million, or $4.73 per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book
value of $1.06 per share to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution of $19.87 per share to new investors in this offering. The following table illustrates this calculation on a per share
basis. Assumed offering price per share | $ | 24.60
Net tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2016 | $ | 3.67
Increase in net tangible book value per share attributable to new investors purchasing shares in this offering | $ | 1.06
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
As adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering | $ | 4.73
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
Dilution per share to new investors in this offering | $ | 19.87
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ The
table above assumes, for illustrative purposes, that an aggregate of 2,032,520 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $24.60 per share, the last reported sale price of our
common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 1, 2017, for aggregate gross proceeds of $50,000,000. The shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at
various prices. An increase of $1.00 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $24.60 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common stock
in the aggregate amount of $50,000,000 during the term of the sales agreement with Cowen is sold at that price, would increase our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to
$4.74 per share and would increase the dilution per share to new investors to $20.86 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. A decrease of $1.00 per share
in the price at which the shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $24.60 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $50,000,000 during
the term of the sales agreement with Cowen is sold at that price, would decrease our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to $4.72 per share and would decrease the dilution
per share to new investors to $18.88 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. This information is supplied for illustrative purposes only and may differ
based on the actual offering price and the actual number of shares offered. The
foregoing table and calculations are based on the 36,662,724 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2016, which includes 822,638 shares of unvested
restricted stock subject to repurchase by us and 21,955 shares issued upon early exercise of stock options subject to repurchase by us, and excludes: • 3,389,828 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2016, at a weighted-average
exercise price of $13.79 per share; • 2,760,472 shares of common stock reserved as of December 31, 2016 for future issuance under our 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended,
and an additional 1,466,508 shares of common stock SA-9 Table of Contents that
on January 1, 2017 became available for issuance under our 2015 Stock Incentive Plan in accordance with its terms; and • 384,615 additional shares of our common stock available for future issuance as of December 31, 2016 under our 2015 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan and an additional 366,627 shares of common stock that on January 1, 2017 became available for issuance under our 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan in accordance with its terms. SA-10 Table of Contents PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market since February 3, 2016 and trades under the symbol "EDIT". Prior to
that date, there was no public market for our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low intraday sales prices of our common stock as reported by the
NASDAQ Global Select Market: Year Ended December 31, 2016 | High | Low
First Quarter (beginning February 3, 2016) | $ | 43.99 | $ | 12.57
Second Quarter | $ | 43.50 | $ | 22.50
Third Quarter | $ | 28.63 | $ | 13.10
Fourth Quarter | $ | 18.94 | $ | 12.43 On
March 1, 2017, the last sale price of our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was $24.60 per share. As of January 1, 2017, we had approximately
38 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held
in street name by brokers and other nominees. SA-11 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We have entered into a sales agreement with Cowen, under which we may offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $50,000,000 of our
common stock through Cowen as our sales agent. Sales of our common stock, if any, will be made at market prices by any method that is deemed to be an "at the market offering" as defined in
Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through The NASDAQ Global Select Market or on any other existing trading market for our common stock.
Cowen may also purchase shares of our common stock as principal. Cowen
will offer our common stock subject to the terms and conditions of the sales agreement on a daily basis or as otherwise agreed upon by us and Cowen. We will designate the maximum
amount of common stock to be sold through Cowen on a daily basis or otherwise determine such maximum amount together with Cowen. Subject to the terms and conditions of the sales agreement, Cowen will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell on our behalf all of the shares of common stock requested to be sold by us. We may instruct Cowen not to sell common stock if the sales cannot be
effected at or above the price designated by us in any such instruction. Cowen or we may suspend the offering of our common stock being made through Cowen under the sales agreement upon proper notice
to the other party. Cowen and we each have the right, by giving written notice as specified in the sales agreement, to terminate the sales agreement in each party's sole discretion at any time. The
aggregate compensation payable to Cowen as sales agent equals 3.0% of the gross sales price of the shares sold through it pursuant to the sales agreement. We have also agreed to
reimburse Cowen in a mutually agreed amount not to exceed $50,000 of Cowen's actual outside legal expenses incurred by Cowen in connection with this offering. We have also agreed to reimburse Cowen
for its FINRA counsel fee of up to $10,000. We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, excluding commissions payable to Cowen under the sales agreement, will be approximately
$200,000. The
remaining sales proceeds, after deducting any expenses payable by us and any transaction fees imposed by any governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory organization in connection
with the sales, will equal our net proceeds for the sale of such common stock. Cowen
will provide written confirmation to us following the close of trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on each day in which common stock is sold through it as sales agent under
the sales agreement. Each confirmation will include the number of shares of common stock sold through it as sales agent on that day, the volume weighted average price of the shares sold, the
percentage of the daily trading volume and the net proceeds to us. In
any quarter in which shares of common stock are sold through Cowen under the sales agreement, we will report the number of shares of common stock sold, the net proceeds to us and the
compensation paid by us to Cowen in connection with the sales of common stock. Settlement
for sales of common stock will occur, unless the parties agree otherwise, on the third business day that is also a trading day following the date on which any sales were made
in return for payment of the net proceeds to us. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in an escrow, trust or similar arrangement. In
connection with the sales of our common stock on our behalf, Cowen will be deemed to be an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation paid to Cowen
will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have agreed in the sales agreement to provide indemnification and contribution to Cowen against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. As sales agent, Cowen will not engage in any transactions that stabilize our common stock. SA-12 Table of Contents Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market and trades under the symbol "EDIT." The transfer agent of our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Cowen
and its affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, various investment banking and other financial services for us for which services they have received and, may in
the future receive, customary fees. SA-13 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP,
Boston, Massachusetts. Cowen and Company, LLC is being represented in connection with this offering by Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement. Our financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. SA-14 Table of Contents Up to $50,000,000 Common Stock PROSPECTUS Cowen and Company , 2017 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. Set forth below are estimates (except in the case of the SEC registration fee) of the amount of fees and expenses to be incurred in connection
with the issuance and distribution of the offered securities, other than underwriting discounts and commissions. SEC registration fee | $ | 81,621.57
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority filing fee | 106,136.20
Printing and engraving | 28,000.00
Accounting services | 75,000.00
Legal fees of registrant's counsel | 50,000.00
Miscellaneous | 59,242.23
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
Total | $ | 400,000.00
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ (1) These
fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL") provides, generally, that a corporation shall
have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (except actions by or in the right
of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation against all expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. A corporation may similarly
indemnify such person for expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of any action or suit by or in the right of the corporation, provided that
such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation, and, in the case of claims, issues and matters as to which such person shall have been adjudged liable to the corporation, provided that a
court shall have determined, upon application, that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all of the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper. Section 102(b)(7)
of the DGCL provides, generally, that our certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to
the corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision may not eliminate or
limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit. No such provision may eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any act or omission occurring prior to the date when such provision became effective. Our
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will indemnify each person who was or is a party or threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed
action, suit, or proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of us) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was, II-1 Table of Contents or
has agreed to become, a director or officer, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at our request as a director, officer, partner, employee, or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with,
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, all such persons being referred to as an Indemnitee, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in
such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding
and any appeal therefrom, if such Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interests, and, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will indemnify any Indemnitee who was or is a
party to an action or suit by or in the right of us to procure a judgment in our favor by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer, or is or was
serving, or has agreed to serve, at our request as a director, officer, partner, employee, or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or
other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys' fees) and, to the extent permitted by law, amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding, and any appeal therefrom, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably
believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interests, except that no indemnification shall be made with respect to any claim, issue, or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to
be liable to us, unless a court determines that, despite such adjudication but in view of all of the circumstances, he or she is entitled to indemnification of such expenses. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, to the extent that any Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, he or she will be indemnified by us against all expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and
reasonably incurred in connection therewith. Expenses must be advanced to an Indemnitee under certain circumstances. Our
board of directors has approved a form of indemnification agreement that has been executed by each of our directors and executive officers. These indemnification agreements may
require us, among other things, to indemnify these directors and executive officers for some expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by each of these
directors in any action or proceeding arising out of his or her service as one of our directors or officers, or any of our subsidiaries or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides
services at our request. We
maintain a general liability insurance policy that covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our corporation arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their
capacities as directors or officers. Item 16. Exhibits. The exhibits to this Registration Statement are listed in the exhibit index, which appears elsewhere herein and is incorporated herein by
reference. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (a) (1) To
file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to
include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"); (ii) to
reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of this registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment
thereof) which, II-2 Table of Contents individually
or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in this registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in the volume of
securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may
be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change
in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to
include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement or any material change to such
information in this registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) do not apply if the
information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of
prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of this registration statement. (2) That,
for the purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at the time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. (3) To
remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That,
for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) each
prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed
prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) each
prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B
relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of
1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract
of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date
shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof;. provided, however , that no
statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration
statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made
in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. II-3 Table of Contents (5) That,
for the purpose of determining liability of the Registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the
undersigned Registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the
securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and
will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any
preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any
free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned Registrant; (iii) the
portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned Registrant or its securities
provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and (iv) any
other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser. (6) That,
for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act: (i) the
information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of the registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of
prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the time it was
declared effective; and (ii) each
post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and
the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (b) The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the Registrant's annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that
is incorporated by reference in this registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that
time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) If
applicable, the undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to supplement the prospectus, after the expiration of the subscription period, to set forth the results
of the subscription offer, the transaction by the underwriters during the subscription period, the amount of unsubscribed securities to be purchased by the underwriters, and the terms of any
subsequent reoffering thereof. If any public offering by the underwriters is to be made on terms differing from those set forth on the cover page of the prospectus, a post-effective amendment will be
filed to set forth the terms of such offering. (d) The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a)
of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. (e) Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant
pursuant to the indemnification II-4 Table of Contents provisions
described herein, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and
is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or
controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that
it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of
Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on this 3rd day of March, 2017. Editas Medicine, Inc.
By: | /s/ KATRINE S. BOSLEY Katrine S. Bosley President and Chief Executive Officer SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY We, the undersigned officers and directors of Editas Medicine, Inc. hereby severally constitute and appoint Katrine S. Bosley and Andrew
A. F. Hack, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to any of them, and to each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed herewith and any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to said Registration Statement, and any registration statement filed pursuant
to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection with said Registration Statement, and to file or cause to be filed the same, with all exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and generally to do all such things in our name and on our behalf in our capacities as officers and directors to enable
Editas Medicine, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that said attorneys, and each of them, or their substitute or substitutes, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ KATRINE S. BOSLEY Katrine S. Bosley | President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (principal executive officer) | March 3, 2017
/s/ ANDREW A. F. HACK Andrew A. F. Hack, M.D., Ph.D. | Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) | March 3, 2017
/s/ KEVIN BITTERMAN Kevin Bitterman, Ph.D. | Director | March 3, 2017
/s/ ALEXIS BORISY Alexis Borisy | Director | March 3, 2017 II-6 Table of Contents Signature | Title | Date
/s/ DOUGLAS G. COLE Douglas G. Cole, M.D. | Director | March 3, 2017
/s/ JOHN D. MENDLEIN John D. Mendlein, Ph.D., J.D. | Director | March 3, 2017
/s/ BORIS NIKOLIC Boris Nikolic, M.D. | Director | March 3, 2017
/s/ AKSHAY K. VAISHNAW Akshay K. Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D. | Director | March 3, 2017 II-7 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
1.1 | * | Underwriting Agreement
1.2 | Sales Agreement, dated March 3, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Cowen and Company, LLC
4.1 | Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2016)
4.2 | Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2016)
4.3 | Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 4, 2016)
4.4 | Form of Senior Indenture
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Indenture
4.6 | Form of Senior Note
4.7 | Form of Subordinated Note
4.8 | * | Form of Deposit Agreement
4.9 | * | Form of Warrant Agreement
4.10 | * | Form of Purchase Contract Agreement
4.11 | * | Form of Unit Agreement
5.1 | Opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP
12.1 | Calculation of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends
23.1 | Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered accounting firm
23.2 | Consent of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Powers of Attorney (included in the signature pages to the Registration Statement)
25.1 | ** | The Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, of the Trustee under the Senior Indenture
25.2 | ** | The Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, of the Trustee under the Subordinated Indenture * To
be filed by amendment or by a Current Report on Form 8-K. ** To
be filed pursuant to Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II-8