0001824502 false 0001824502 2021-08-10 2021-08-10 0001824502 ACII:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassACommonStockandOneQuarterOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2021-08-10 2021-08-10 0001824502 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2021-08-10 2021-08-10 0001824502 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2021-08-10 2021-08-10 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): August 10, 2021 Atlas Crest Investment Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39668 | 85-2730902
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 399 Park Avenue New
York , New York 10022 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: ( 212 ) 883-3800 Not
Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant | ACIC. U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ACIC | The New York Stock Exchange
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for $11.50 per share | ACIC WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth
company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 8.01 Other Events. On
August 10, 2021, Atlas Crest Investment Corp. (“Atlas”) and Archer Aviation Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Archer ”)
issued a press release entitled “Archer Adds to Leadership Team; Hires Ben Lu as Chief Financial Officer,” in which Archer
and Atlas announced the appointment of Ben Lu as the chief financial officer of of the combined company following the completion of the
business combination of Archer with Atlas. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Additional Information This communication
may be deemed solicitation material in respect of the proposed business combination between Atlas and Archer (the “ Business
Combination”). This communication does not constitute a solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed Business
Combination, Atlas has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended from time to time, the “ Registration
Statement ”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ' s (“SEC”),
which includes a preliminary prospectus and preliminary proxy statement. Atlas may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the
Business Combination. Atlas will mail a definitive proxy statement/final prospectus and other relevant documents to its shareholders.
This communication is not a substitute for the Registration Statement, the definitive proxy statement/final prospectus or any other document
that Atlas will send to its shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. Investors and security holders of Atlas are
advised to read, when available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus in connection with Atlas’ solicitation of proxies for
its extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to be held to approve the Business Combination (and related matters) because the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus will contain important information about the Business Combination and the parties to the Business Combination. The definitive proxy statement/final prospectus will be mailed to shareholders of Atlas as of a record date to be established for
voting on the Business Combination. Shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the proxy statement/prospectus, without charge,
once available, at the SEC ' s website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: 399 Park Avenue New York, New York 10022. Participants in the Solicitation Atlas,
Archer, the Sponsor and their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management, and employees, under SEC rules, may
be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Atlas’s shareholders in connection with the Business Combination . Investors
and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names and interests in the Business Combination of Atlas’
directors and officers in Atlas’ filings with the SEC, including the Registration Statement filed with the SEC by Atlas, which will
include the proxy statement/prospectus of Atlas for the Business Combination. Forward-Looking Statements Certain
statements made herein are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “ believe ,”
“ may ,” “ will ,” “ estimate ,” “ continue ,” “ anticipate ,”
“ intend ,” “ expect ,” “ should ,” “ would ,” “ plan ,”
“ predict ,” “ potential ,” “ seem ,” “ seek ,” “ future ,”
“ outlook ,” and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future events, the Business Combination
between Atlas and Archer, the estimated or anticipated future results and benefits of the combined company following the Business Combination,
including the likelihood and ability of the parties to successfully consummate the Business Combination, future opportunities for the
combined company, and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management
of Atlas and Archer and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes
only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on, by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Atlas and Archer. These statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties regarding Atlas’ businesses and the Business Combination, and actual results may differ materially. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the early stage nature of Archer’s business and its past and projected future losses;
Archer’s ability to manufacture and deliver aircraft and its impact on the risk of investment; Archer’s dependence on United
Airlines for its current aircraft orders and development process, and the risk that United Airlines cancels its contracts with Archer;
risks relating to the uncertainty of the projections included in the model; the effectiveness of Archer’s marketing and growth strategies,
including its ability to effectively market air transportation as a substitute for conventional methods of transportation; Archer’s
ability to compete in the competitive urban air mobility and eVTOL industries; Archer’s ability to obtain expected or required certifications,
licenses, approvals, and authorizations from transportation authorities; Archer’s ability to achieve its business milestones and
launch products on anticipated timelines; Archer’s dependence on suppliers and service partners for the parts and components in
its aircraft; Archer’s ability to develop commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities; regulatory requirements and other obstacles
outside of Archer’s control that slow market adoption of electric aircraft, such as Archer’s inability to obtain and maintain
adequate facilities and Vertiport infrastructure; Archer’s ability to hire, train and retain qualified personnel; risks related
to Archer’s Aerial Ride Sharing Business operating in densely populated metropolitan areas and heavily regulated airports; adverse
publicity from accidents involving aircraft, helicopters or lithium-ion battery cells; the impact of labor and union activities on Archer’s
work force; losses resulting from indexed price escalation clauses in purchase orders and cost overruns; regulatory risks related to evolving
laws and regulations in Archer’s industries; impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Archer’s business and the global economy;
the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed business combination, including the risk that any required
regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined
company or the expected benefits of the proposed business combination or that the approval of the stockholders of Atlas or Archer is not
obtained; a decline in Archer’s securities following the business combination if it fails to meet the expectations of investors
or securities analysts; Archer’s inability to protect its intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties; Archer’s
need for and the availability of additional capital; cybersecurity risks; risks and costs associated with the ongoing litigation with
Wisk; the dual class structure of Archer’s common stock, which will limit other investors’ ability to influence corporate
matters; the amount of redemption requests made by Atlas’ public stockholders; the ability of Atlas or the combined company to issue
equity or equity-linked securities in connection with the proposed business combination or in the future, and those factors discussed
in Atlas’ Registration Statement, under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of Atlas filed, or to be filed,
with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or if assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Atlas nor Archer presently know or that Atlas
and Archer currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Atlas’ and Archer’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future
events and views as of the date of this communication. Atlas and Archer anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause
Atlas’ and Archer’s assessments to change. However, while Atlas and Archer may elect to update these forward-looking statements
at some point in the future, Atlas and Archer specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not
be relied upon as representing Atlas’ or Archer’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Disclaimer This
communication is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any
securities pursuant to the proposed transaction or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
99.1 | Joint Press Release of Atlas Crest Investment Corp. and Archer Aviation Inc., dated August 10, 2021.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL) † | Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. Atlas Crest Investment Corp.
By: | /s/ Michael Spellacy
Name: | Michael Spellacy
Title: | Chief Executive Officer
Dated: August 10, 2021