10-Q 1 f10q0920_atlascrestinvest.htm QUARTERLY REPORT UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
10-Q (Mark
One) ☒ QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2020 ☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission
File Number 001-39668 ATLAS
CREST INVESTMENT CORP. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-2730902
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 399
Park Avenue New
York, New York 10022 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) (212)
883-3800 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant | ACIC.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ACIC | The New York Stock Exchange
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for $11.50 per share | ACIC WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As of December 7, 2020, there were 50,000,000
shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 14,375,000 shares of the registrant’s
Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)
Condensed Balance Sheet | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows | 4
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 15
Item 3. | QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK | 21
Item 4. | CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES | 21
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | LEGAL PROCEEDINGS | 22
Item 1A. | RISK FACTORS | 22
Item 2. | UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS | 22
Item 3. | DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES | 22
Item 4. | MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES | 22
Item 5. | OTHER INFORMATION | 22
Item 6. | EXHIBITS | 23
SIGNATURES | 24 i PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT
CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) ASSETS
Current assets - cash | $ | 145,797
Deferred offering costs | 238,857
Total Assets | $ | 384,654
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Promissory note - related party | $ | 300,000
Accrued offering costs | 62,222
Total Liabilities | 362,222
Commitments
Stockholder’s Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 14,375,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) | 1,438
Additional paid-in capital | 23,562
Accumulated deficit | (2,568 | )
Total Stockholder’s Equity | 22,432
Total Liabilities and Stockholder’s Equity | $ | 384,654 (1) | Includes up to 1,875,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 26, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Operating and formation costs | $ | 2,568
Net Loss | $ | (2,568 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 12,500,000
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.00 | ) (1) | Excludes up to 1,875,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 26, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class B Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Stockholder’s
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance - August 26, 2020 (Inception) | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) | 14,375,000 | 1,438 | 23,562 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | (2,568 | ) | (2,568 | )
Balance - September 30, 2020 | 14,375,000 | $ | 1,438 | $ | 23,562 | $ | (2,568 | ) | $ | 22,432 (1) | Includes up to 1,875,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 26, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (2,568 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (2,568 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from the issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor | 25,000
Proceeds from promissory note - related party | 300,000
Payment of offering costs | (176,635 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 148,365
Net Change in Cash | 145,797
Cash - Beginning of period | —
Cash - End of period | $ | 145,797
Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | 62,222 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Atlas
Crest Investment Corp. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 26, 2020.
The Company was formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an
early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and
emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2020, the Company
had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 relates
to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”) as described below. The
Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived
from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company’s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 27, 2020. On October 30, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 50,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in
the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $500,000,000, which is described
in Note 3. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October
30, 2020, an amount of $500,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined in Note 4) was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”),
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s stockholders, as described below. The Company’s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a
Business Combination. New York Stock Exchange rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses
that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public
Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem
their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s
warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” 5 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) The Company will proceed with the Business
Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 either prior to or upon such consummation of a
Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the
Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the Business Combination is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a
Business Combination, Atlas Crest Investment LLC (the “Sponsor”) has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined
in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed Business Combination or do not vote at all. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its
redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination, (b) to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until 24 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case
to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will
expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 6 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) In order to protect the amounts held in the
Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into
a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) $10.00 per Public Share or (2) the actual
amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes. This liability will not
apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will
have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the
Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s
financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis
of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements of the Company are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally
included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a
comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary
for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s final prospectus for its Initial
Public Offering as filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020, as well as the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, as filed
with the SEC on November 5, 2020 and November 2, 2020. The interim results for the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through
September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2020 or for any
future periods. Emerging
Growth Company The
Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The
Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s
financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 7 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Use
of Estimates The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash
and Cash Equivalents The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020. Deferred
Offering Costs Deferred offering costs consist of legal,
accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering
and are charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Income
Taxes The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes,” which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of September 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing
authorities since inception. The
provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020. 8 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Net
Loss Per Common Share Net
loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an
aggregate of 1,875,000 shares of Class B common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
by the underwriter (see Note 5). At September 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result,
diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Fair
Value of Financial Instruments The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair
Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their
short-term nature. Recent
Accounting Standards Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company’s financial statements. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING The registration statement for the Company’s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 27, 2020. On October 30, 2020, the Company completed its Initial Public
Offering of 50,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $500,000,000. Each Unit consisted of one share
of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each Public
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share (see
Note 7). NOTE
4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 8,000,000 warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement
(the “Private Placement Warrants”) to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $12,000,000. Each Private Placement
Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 9 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE
5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder
Shares On September 4, 2020, the Sponsor paid $25,000
in consideration for 14,375,000 shares of Class B common stock (the “Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares include
an aggregate of up to 1,875,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter’s over-allotment
is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the Company’s
issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the
Initial Public Offering). The
Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after
the completion of a Business Combination, or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock
exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of
common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company’s
Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination,
the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Promissory
Note - Related Party On September 11, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of $300,000 to cover expenses
related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of March 31,
2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $300,000 was repaid
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 30, 2020. Administrative
Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly
fees. See
Note 6, under Business Combination Marketing Agreement, for additional related party transactions. 10 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration
Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private
Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (as defined below) (and any
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the
Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A common stock).
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating
damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriters
Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a
45-day option to purchase up to 7,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less
the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting
discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $10,000,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Business
Combination Marketing Agreement The Company engaged the representative of
the underwriters and Moelis & Company LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor, in connection with a Business Combination to assist
the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’
attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection
with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the representative
of the underwriters and Moelis & Company LLC a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination
of 2.25% ($11,250,000 (or up to $12,937,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)) and 1.25% ($6,250,000
(or up to $7,187,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)), respectively, or 3.5% ($17,500,000 (or
up to $20,125,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)), in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of
the offering including the gross proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
A portion of such fee may be re-allocated or paid to members of FINRA that assist the Company in consummating its Business Combination. Related
Party Loans In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain
of the Company’s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working
Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out
of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of
funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of
proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be
used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be
identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 11 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE
7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY Preferred
Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. At September 30,
2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class
A Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A, $0.0001 par value common
stock. Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there
were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding. Class
B Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of
Class B, $0.0001 par value common stock. Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At
September 30, 2020, there were 14,375,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of
up to 1,875,000 shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised
in full or in part so that the Sponsor will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial
Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). Holders
of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote
of shareholders, except as required by law. The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of a Business
Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number
of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion, including the total number of shares of Class A common stock
issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued,
by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class
A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or
directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less
than one-for-one basis. Warrants — Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of
shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on
the later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance
of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and
the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock
issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state
of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 12 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become
effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the
expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th ) business
day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on
a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company
may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis”
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, the Company will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its
best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants for redemption: ● | in whole and not in part; ● | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; ● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and ● | if, and only if, the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The
exercise price and number of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation.
However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price
below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the
Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in
the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will
they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants.
Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 13 ATLAS CREST INVESTMENT CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than $9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by
the Company’s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly
Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company’s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s
common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its
initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants will
and the common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE
8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that
occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the unaudited condensed financial statements were issued. Other than
as described in these unaudited condensed financial statements in relation to the Initial Public Offering (see Note 3), Private
Placement (see Note 4), and repayment of the related party promissory note (see Note 5), the Company did not identify any subsequent
events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the unaudited condensed financial statements. 14 ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References
in this report (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to
Atlas Crest Investment Corp. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers
and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Atlas Crest Investment LLC. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes “forward-looking
statements” that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly
Report including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management’s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company’s final
prospectus for its Initial Public Offering (as defined below) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except
as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated
on August 26, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer
to throughout this Quarterly Report as our “initial business combination”. We have not selected any specific business
combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business or industry, we intend to focus on a target in an industry which complements our management team’s,
board’s and Sponsor’s expertise and which will benefit from our strategic and operational value add. We believe the
diverse experience and extensive relationship network of our management team, board and Sponsor will drive particularly attractive
investment opportunities in certain high growth sectors including media, online gaming/sports betting, fintech/payments, healthcare,
business services and disruptive consumer, food and beverage. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash
from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our
shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we
may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 15 The issuance of additional shares in connection
with our initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: ● | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; ● | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; ● | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result
in: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; ● | our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; ● | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; ● | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 16 ● | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and ● | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. As
indicated in the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements, at September 30, 2020, we had deferred offering costs
of $238,857. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure
you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results
of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30,
2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our
Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and cash equivalents held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For
the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of $2,568, which resulted entirely from
formation costs. Liquidity
and Capital Resources For
the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, net cash used in operating activities was $2,568, which
was due to our net loss. Net cash provided by financing activities
for the period from August 26, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 of $148,365 was comprised of $300,000 in proceeds from
the issuance of related party promissory notes and $25,000 in proceeds for the issuance of the founder shares to our Sponsor,
offset by the payment of $176,635 for deferred offering costs. As
of September 30, 2020, we had $145,797 in our operating bank account. On October 30, 2020, Atlas Crest Investment
Corp. consummated its initial public offering of 50,000,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of
the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Public Shares”) and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company,
with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for $11.50 per share. The Units
were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $500,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option to purchase up to 7,500,000 additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. 17 Simultaneously with the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering, the Company completed the private sale of 8,000,000 warrants to Atlas Crest Investment LLC at a purchase
price of $1.50 per warrant (the “Private Placement Warrants”), generating gross proceeds to the Company of $12,000,000.
The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in a trust account (the “Trust Account”). If the Company does not complete its initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be
used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our initial
business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the
number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to be $200,000, which is
the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from
this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and released to
us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts
held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income
taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business
or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $800,000 of proceeds held
outside the trust account. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds following the initial public offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior
to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth
due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have
insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest
basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan
such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. We expect our primary liquidity requirements
during that period to include approximately $200,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated
with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $175,000 for legal and accounting fees related
to regulatory reporting requirements; $50,000 for consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during the search for
a business combination target; and approximately $135,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses
and reserves. We are also paying our Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided
to members of our management team subsequent to the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 18 These
amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not
being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing and fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. Our use of such funds could result in our not having sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from
the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon
completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire
with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the
purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public
stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We may also
obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs
in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. There is no limitation on our ability to
raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection
with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into
following consummation of this offering. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing
in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2020. Contractual
Obligations Promissory
Note - Related Party On September 11, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of $300,000 to cover expenses
related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of March 31,
2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $300,000 was repaid
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 30, 2020. Underwriters
Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day
option to purchase up to 7,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. 19 The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting
discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $10,000,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Business
Combination Marketing Agreement The Company engaged the representative
of the underwriters and Moelis & Company LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor, in connection with a Business Combination to assist
the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’
attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection
with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the representative
of the underwriters and Moelis & Company LLC a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination
of 2.25% ($11,250,000 (or up to $12,937,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)) and 1.25% ($6,250,000
(or up to $7,187,500 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)), respectively, or 3.5% ($17,500,000 (or
up to $20,125,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full)), in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of
the offering including the gross proceeds from the full or partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option.
A portion of such fee may be re-allocated or paid to members of FINRA that assist the Company in consummating its Business Combination. Critical
Accounting Policies The
preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical
accounting policies : Net
Loss Per Common Share Net
loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an
aggregate of 1,875,000 shares of Class B common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
by the underwriter. At September 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss
per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Recent
Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial
statements. 20 Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As
of September 30, 2020, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Item
4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30,
2020. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal
quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 21 PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in
our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020. Any of these factors could result
in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this
Quarterly Report, other than as described below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final
prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020. The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00
per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are
invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent
years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain
amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata
share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest
rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not
applicable. ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION None. 22 ITEM
6. EXHIBITS The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters. (1)
1.2 | Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., and Moelis & Company LLC. (1)
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1)
10.1 | Letter Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor. (1)
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1)
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)
10.4 | Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and each of its officers and directors. (1)
10.5 | Administrative Support Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)
10.6 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith. ** | Furnished. (1) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 23 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Atlas Crest Investment Corp.
Date: December 7, 2020 | By: | /s/ Michael Spellacy
Name: Michael Spellacy
Title: Chief Executive Officer 24