F-1/A 1 d515413df1a.htm AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO THE FORM F-1 Amendment No. 5 to the Form F-1 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2019 Registration No. 333-234411 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT
NO. 5 FORM F-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 EHang Holdings Limited (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Not Applicable (Translation of Registrant’s name into English) Cayman Islands | 7372 | Not Applicable
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Building C, Yixiang Technology Park No.72 Nanxiang Second Road, Huangpu District Guangzhou, 510700 People’s Republic of China 020-29028899 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Cogency Global Inc. 122
East 42nd Street, 18th Floor New York, New York 10168 +1 800-221-0102 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Will H. Cai, Esq. Charlie Kim, Esq. David Peinsipp, Esq. Cooley LLP c/o Suite 1601, Two ChinaChem Central 26 Des Voeux Road Central Hong Kong +852 3758 1200 | Benjamin Su, Esq. Dominik Sklenar, Esq. Latham & Watkins LLP 18th Floor, One Exchange Square 8 Connaught Place, Central Hong Kong +852 2912 2500 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: as soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration
statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933. Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ † The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012. CALCULATION OF
REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount to be Registered (2)(3) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Share (3) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (2)(3) | Amount of Registration Fee (4)
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (1)(2) | 7,360,000 | 7.25 | US$53,360,000 | US$6,927 (1) | American depositary shares issuable upon deposit of ordinary shares registered hereby will be registered under a separate registration statement on Form F-6 (Registration No. 333-235360). Each American depositary share represents two Class A ordinary shares. (2) | Includes Class A ordinary shares that are issuable upon the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. Also includes Class A ordinary shares initially offered and sold outside the United States that may be resold from time to time in the United States either as part of their distribution or within 40 days after the later of the effective date of this registration statement and the date the shares are first bona fide offered to the public. These Class A ordinary shares are not being registered for the purpose of sales outside the United States. (3) | Estimated solely for the purpose of determining the amount of registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933. (4) | Previously paid. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall
become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE This Amendment No. 5 is being filed solely for the purpose of filing Exhibit 1.1 to this registration statement on Form F-1, or the Registration Statement, and amending and restating the exhibit index set forth in Part II of the Registration Statement. No changes have been made to the Registration Statement other than this
explanatory note as well as revised versions of the cover page and exhibit index of the Registration Statement. This Amendment No. 5 does not contain a copy of the prospectus included in the Registration Statement, which remains unchanged from
that contained in Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement filed on December 5, 2019. Accordingly, this Amendment No. 5 consists only of the cover page, this explanatory note and Part II of the Registration Statement. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 6. | INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and
directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. The post-offering memorandum and articles of association that we expect to adopt and to become effective immediately prior to the completion
of this offering provide that we shall indemnify our directors and officers (each an indemnified person) against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by such indemnified person,
other than by reason of such person’s own dishonesty, willful default or fraud, in or about the conduct of our company’s business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution or discharge of his duties,
powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such indemnified person in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings
concerning our company or its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere. Pursuant to the indemnification agreements
the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this registration statement, we agree to indemnify our directors and executive officers against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of their
being such a director or officer. The underwriting agreement, the form of which will be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this registration
statement, will also provide indemnification for us and our officers and directors for certain liabilities. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. ITEM 7. | RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. During the past three years, we have issued the following securities. We believe that each of the following issuances was exempt from
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Regulation D under the Securities Act or pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act regarding transactions not involving a public offering or in reliance on Regulation S under the
Securities Act regarding sales by an issuer in offshore transactions. No underwriters were involved in these issuances of securities. Securities/Purchaser | Date of Issuance | Number of Securities | Consideration
Series C Preferred Shares
Lung Biotechnology PBC | December 27, 2016 | 1,699,139 | US$10,000,000.53
Dragon Chariot Limited | June 5, 2017 | 517,691 | US$3,046,784.44
Dragon Chariot Limited | September 20, 2017 | 342,351 | US$2,014,849.98
United Therapeutics Corporation | February 11, 2019 | 1,189,397 | US$7,000,000
Ordinary Shares
Ballman Inc. | July 25, 2019 | 1,756,295 | N/A
JM Elegance Holdings Limited | July 25, 2019 | 1,300,000 | N/A
Richztx Limited | July 25, 2019 | 645,535 | N/A
Bob Skyline Limited | August 22, 2019 | 125,000 | N/A
Restricted Share Units
Certain directors, officers and employees | December 23, 2016 – July 1, 2019 | 7,737,335 | Past and future services to us II-1 ITEM 8. | EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) | Exhibits See Exhibit Index beginning on page II-4 of this registration statement. The agreements included as exhibits to this registration statement contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the
applicable agreement. These representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of
allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosure that was made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement;
(iii) may apply contract standards of “materiality” that are different from “materiality” under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or
dates as may be specified in the agreement. We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we
are responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosure of material information regarding material contractual provisions is required to make the statements in this registration statement not misleading. (b) | Financial Statement Schedules Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. ITEM 9. | UNDERTAKINGS. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements,
certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant pursuant to the provisions described in Item 6, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of
this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement
as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective
amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. II-2 (3) For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser, each
prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of
and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any
statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (4) For the purpose of determining any liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of
the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser,
if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed
pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing
prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II-3 EHang Holdings Limited Exhibit Index Exhibit Number | Description of Document
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement
3.1† | Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant, as currently in effect
3.2† | Form of Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering)
4.1† | Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 4.3)
4.2† | Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Ordinary Shares
4.3† | Form of Deposit Agreement, among the Registrant, the depositary and the owners and holders of American Depositary Shares issued thereunder
4.4† | Second Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement between the Registrant and other parties thereto dated December 27, 2016
5.1† | Opinion of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP regarding the validity of the ordinary shares being registered and certain Cayman Islands tax matters
8.1† | Opinion of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP regarding certain Cayman Islands tax matters (included in Exhibit 5.1)
8.2† | Opinion of Allbright Law Offices regarding certain PRC tax matters (included in Exhibit 99.2)
10.1† | 2015 Share Incentive Plan
10.2† | 2019 Share Incentive Plan
10.3† | Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and executive officers
10.4† | Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers
10.5† | English translation of the Shareholders Voting Proxy Agreement and Power of Attorney among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated January 29, 2016
10.6† | English translation of the Amendment Agreement to Shareholders Voting Proxy Agreement among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated November 30, 2018
10.7† | English translation of the Share Pledge Agreement among EHang Intelligent and shareholders of EHang GZ dated January 29, 2016
10.8† | English translation of the Share Pledge Agreement among EHang Intelligent and shareholders of EHang GZ dated February 22, 2019
10.9† | English translation of the Exclusive Consulting and Services Agreement and the Exclusive Services Agreement between EHang Intelligent and EHang GZ dated January 29, 2016
10.10† | English translation of the Amendment to Exclusive Consulting and Services Agreement between EHang Intelligent and EHang GZ dated November 30, 2018
10.11† | English translation of the Exclusive Option Agreements among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated January 29, 2016
10.12† | English translation of the Amendment Agreement to Exclusive Option Agreements among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated November 30, 2018 II-4 Exhibit Number | Description of Document
10.13† | English translation of the Amendment Two to Exclusive Option Agreements among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated June 6, 2019
10.14† | English translation of the Special Agreement in respect of the Contribution of Registered Capital of EHang GZ (referred to as the “loan agreement” in this prospectus) among EHang Intelligent, EHang GZ and shareholders of EHang GZ dated February 22, 2019
10.15#† | English translation of the Distribution Agreement between EHang Intelligent and Shanghai Kunxiang Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 1, 2019
10.16#† | English translation of the Sales Contract between EHang Intelligent and Shanghai Kunxiang Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 1, 2019
10.17#† | English translation of the Sales Contract between EHang Intelligent and Shanghai Kunxiang Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. dated June 3, 2019
10.18† | English translation of the Sales Plan between EHang Intelligent and Shanghai Kunxiang Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. dated August 29, 2019
21.1† | Principal Subsidiaries of the Registrant
23.1† | Consent of Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm
23.2† | Consent of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
23.3† | Consent of Allbright Law Offices (included in Exhibit 99.2)
24.1† | Powers of Attorney (included on signature page)
99.1† | Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant
99.2† | Opinion of Allbright Law Offices regarding certain PRC law matters
99.3† | Consent of Frost & Sullivan
99.4† | Consent of Conor Chia-hung Yang # | Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. * | To be filed by amendment † | Previously filed II-5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe
that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form F-1 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Guangzhou, China, on
December 9, 2019. EHANG HOLDINGS LIMITED
By: | /s/ Huazhi Hu
Name: | Huazhi Hu
Title: | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has
been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Huazhi Hu | December 9, 2019
Huazhi Hu | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
* | December 9, 2019
Derrick Yifang Xiong | Director
* | December 9, 2019
Jenny Hongwei Lee | Director
* | December 9, 2019
Haoxiang Hou | Director
/s/ Richard Jian Liu | December 9, 2019
Richard Jian Liu | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) *By: | /s/ Huazhi Hu
Name: | Huazhi Hu
Attorney-in-fact II-6 SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE IN THE UNITED STATES Pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, the undersigned, the duly authorized representative in the United States of EHang Holdings Limited has
signed this registration statement or amendment thereto in New York, New York on December 9, 2019. Authorized U.S. Representative
By: | /s/ Richard Arthur
Name: | Richard Arthur
Title: | Assistant Secretary
Company: | Cogency Global Inc. II-7