S-3 1 d380824ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2017 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 2836 | 36-4785571
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts (857) 285-6200 (Address, including zip code and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts (857) 285-6200 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Arthur R. McGivern, Esq. William D. Collins, Esq. Goodwin Procter LLP 100 Northern Ave. Boston, Massachusetts 02210 (617) 570-1000 | José E. Rivera, Esq. Executive Vice President, General Counsel Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts (857) 285-6200 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public : From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to
Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that
shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities
or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☒ CALCULATION OF
REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount to be Registered (1) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit (2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (3) | Amount of Registration Fee (4)
Common Stock (5)
Preferred Stock (6)
Debt Securities (7)
Warrants (8)
Units (9)
Total | $250,000,000 | N.A. | $250,000,000 | $28,975 (1) | The amount to be registered consists of up to $250,000,000 of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units. There is also being registered hereunder such currently indeterminate number of (i) shares of common stock or other securities of the registrant as may be issued upon conversion of, or in exchange for, convertible or exchangeable debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or (ii) shares of preferred stock, common stock, debt securities or units as may be issued upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. Any securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with the other securities registered hereunder. (2) | The proposed maximum aggregate offering price per unit will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder and is not specified as to each class of security pursuant to General Instruction II.D. of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. (3) | Estimated solely for purposes of computing the registration fee. No separate consideration will be received for (i) common stock or other securities of the registrant that may be issued upon conversion of, or in exchange for, convertible or exchangeable debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or (ii) preferred stock, common stock, debt securities or units that may be issued upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (4) | The registration fee has been calculated in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. (5) | Including such indeterminate amount of common stock as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon conversion of debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (6) | Including such indeterminate amount of preferred stock as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon conversion of debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (7) | Including such indeterminate principal amount of debt securities as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (8) | Including such indeterminate number of warrants or other rights, including without limitation share purchase or subscription rights, as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices. (9) | Each unit will be issued under a unit agreement and will represent an interest in two or more securities, which may or may not be separable from one another. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT
SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These
securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction
where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 5, 2017 PROSPECTUS $250,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units We may from time to time issue,
in one or more series or classes, up to $250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units. We may offer these securities separately or together in units. We will specify in the
applicable accompanying prospectus supplement the terms of the securities being offered. We may sell these securities to or through underwriters and also to other purchasers or through agents. We will set forth the names of any underwriters or
agents, and any fees, conversions or discount arrangements, in the applicable accompanying prospectus supplement. We may not sell any securities under this prospectus without delivery of the applicable prospectus supplement. You should read this document and any prospectus supplement or amendment carefully before you invest in our securities. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “NTLA.” On June 1, 2017, the closing price for our common stock, as
reported on The NASDAQ Global Market, was $12.20 per share. Our principal executive office is located at 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties referenced under the heading “ Risk
 Factors ” contained in this prospectus beginning on page 2 and any applicable prospectus supplement, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this
prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this Prospectus is , 2017. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
About this Prospectus | 1
Risk Factors | 2
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 3
The Company | 5
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges | 7
Use of Proceeds | 8
Securities We May Offer | 9
Description of Capital Stock | 9
Description of Debt Securities | 13
Description of Warrants | 20
Description of Units | 21
Plan of Distribution | 25
Legal Matters | 28
Experts | 28
Where You Can Find More Information | 28
Incorporation by Reference | 28 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may from time to time sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings for an aggregate offering price of up to $250,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide one or more prospectus
supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of the offering. The applicable prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should read both this prospectus and the
accompanying prospectus supplement together with the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 28 of this prospectus. You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, the accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related
free writing prospectus filed by us with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer
to buy any securities other than the securities described in the accompanying prospectus supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You
should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. Unless the context suggests otherwise, all references to
“us,” “our,” “Intellia Therapeutics,” “we,” the “Company” and similar designations refer to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. and, where appropriate, our subsidiary. 1 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks referenced below and described in the documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference into this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, before making an investment
decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the materialization of any of these risks. The trading price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of any of these
risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference also contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks referenced below and described in the documents incorporated herein by reference, including (i) our annual report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is on file with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference, (ii) our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, which is incorporated by reference into this
prospectus, and (iii) other documents we file with the SEC that are deemed incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including the documents that we incorporate by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events
or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but are not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,”
“expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar expressions, or
the negative of these terms, or similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking
statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this prospectus, and in particular those factors referenced in the section “Risk Factors.” This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to
our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to
be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: • | the initiation, timing, progress and results of our research and development programs and future preclinical and clinical studies; • | our ability to apply a risk-mitigated strategy to efficiently discover and develop product candidates, including by applying learnings from one program to other programs; • | our ability to create a pipeline of product candidates; • | our ability to advance any product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical studies; • | our ability to advance our therapeutic delivery capabilities; • | the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; • | our ability to operate, including commercializing products, without infringing the proprietary rights of others; • | the issuance of regulatory guidance regarding preclinical and clinical studies for gene editing products; • | the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; • | the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; • | the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; • | the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; • | estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; • | the potential benefits of strategic collaboration agreements and our ability to enter into strategic arrangements; • | our ability to maintain and establish collaborations and licenses or obtain additional funding; • | our expected uses of the net proceeds from any offering of our securities; • | our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 3 Table of Contents • | our financial performance; and • | developments and projections relating to our competitors or our industry. These forward-looking statements
are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance due to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking
statements, including, without limitation the risk factors and cautionary statements described in other documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically under “Item 1A: Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and the section of any accompanying prospectus
supplement entitled “Risk Factors.” The forward-looking statements in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference represent our
views as of their respective dates. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we assume no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the dates on which they were
made. This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference also contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our
business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market
research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this
industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 4 Table of Contents THE COMPANY We are a leading genome editing company focused on the development of proprietary, potentially curative therapeutics utilizing a biological tool known as
CRISPR/Cas9. We believe that the CRISPR/Cas9 technology has the potential to transform medicine by permanently editing disease-associated genes or genetic material in the human body with a single treatment course. We intend to leverage our leading
scientific expertise, clinical development experience and intellectual property position to unlock broad therapeutic applications of CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing and develop a potential new class of therapeutic products. In 2012, one of our co-founders and current scientific advisors, Dr. Jennifer Doudna, and her colleagues published a paper in the journal Science
describing the use of CRISPR/Cas9 as a genome editing tool. Genome editing is the precise and targeted modification of the genetic material of cells or viruses. Since the publication of Dr. Doudna’s landmark paper, thousands of research
papers have been published on the CRISPR/Cas9 technology. The CRISPR/Cas9 system offers a revolutionary approach for therapeutic development due to its broad potential to precisely edit the genome. This system can be used to make three general types
of edits: knockouts, repairs and insertions. Each of these editing strategies takes advantage of naturally-occurring biological mechanisms to effect the desired genetic alteration. By addressing the underlying cause of the disease, this approach has
the potential to provide curative therapeutic options for patients with genetically-based diseases. We plan to use the CRISPR/Cas9 system across two
broad areas: in vivo applications, in which CRISPR/Cas9 therapeutic products are delivered directly to target cells within the body; and ex vivo applications, in which cells are removed from a patient’s body, modified using
CRISPR/Cas9 and then returned to the patient. Initially, our in vivo pipeline includes proprietary programs targeting transthyretin amyloidosis (ATTR), which we are co-developing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Regeneron), chronic hepatitis B
infection, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (AATD) and inborn errors of metabolism (IEMs). Our initial ex vivo pipeline includes both proprietary and partnered programs focused on chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T cells) and
hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs), the stem cells from which all of the various types of blood cells originate, which we are developing in collaboration with Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (Novartis). We are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception. Our net loss was $31.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016
and $12.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $53.6 million. We expect these losses to increase as we continue to incur significant research and development and other
expenses related to our ongoing operations, seek regulatory approvals for our future product candidates, scale-up manufacturing capabilities, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio and hire additional personnel to support
the development of our product candidates and to enhance our operational, financial and information management systems. As of March 31, 2017, we had $257.6 million of cash and cash equivalents. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the JOBS Act. As an
emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. We would cease to be an emerging growth company on the date that is the earliest of:
(i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more; (ii) December 31, 2020; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the
previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. We were incorporated under
the laws of the state of Delaware in May 2014 under the name AZRN, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 40 Erie Street Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Our telephone number is (857) 285-6200, and our website is located
at www.intelliatx.com. No portion of our website is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or
that can be accessed 5 Table of Contents through, our website as part of this prospectus. Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “NTLA”. We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including without limitation our corporate name and logo. All other trademarks or trade names
referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this prospectus may be referred to without the ® and
™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 6 Table of Contents RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES The following table sets forth our ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the periods shown. You should read this table in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We paid no dividends on preferred shares during the periods indicated. Therefore, the ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred dividends are the same as the ratios
of earnings to fixed charges presented below. Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 | Years Ended December 31, | Period from May 7, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014
2016 | 2015
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A For purposes of calculating the ratios in the table above, earnings consist of net loss before income taxes. Fixed charges
include any interest expense on indebtedness and an estimate of the interest expense within rental expense. We had no indebtedness for any of the periods presented. Due to our net losses for the three months ended March 31, 2017, for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for the period from May 7,
2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014, earnings were insufficient to cover fixed charges for such periods and we are unable to disclose a ratio of earnings to fixed charges for such periods. The dollar amount of the deficiency in earnings
available for fixed charges for the three months ended March 31, 2017, for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for the period from May 7, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014 was approximately $12.6 million, $31.6
million, $12.4 million, and $9.5 million, respectively. 7 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered under this prospectus for general corporate purposes unless otherwise indicated in
the applicable prospectus supplement. General corporate purposes may include research and development and clinical development costs to support the advancement of our potential product candidates and the expansion of our research development
programs; working capital; capital expenditures; office expansion; and other general corporate purposes. We may temporarily invest the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation instruments, including short-term, investment-grade,
interest-bearing instruments and U.S. government securities, or may hold such proceeds as cash, until they are used for their stated purpose. We have not determined the amount of net proceeds to be used specifically for such purposes. As a
result, management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of net proceeds. 8 Table of Contents SECURITIES WE MAY OFFER This prospectus contains summary descriptions of the securities we may offer from time to time. These summary descriptions are not meant to be complete
descriptions of each security. The particular terms of any security will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our common stock and preferred stock, together with the additional information we
include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the common stock and preferred stock that we may offer under this prospectus. The following description of our capital stock does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and by applicable law. The terms of our common stock
and preferred stock may also be affected by Delaware law. Authorized Capital Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 120,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, all of which are undesignated preferred stock. As of May 31, 2017, we had 36,029,095 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock The holders of our common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends
declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription
rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. All outstanding shares are fully paid and nonassessable. When we issue shares of common stock under this prospectus, the shares will fully be paid and nonassessable and will not have, or be subject to, any
preemptive or similar rights. Undesignated Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our
board of directors may determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and determine the number of shares in the series and its
rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. Examples of rights and preferences that the Board may fix are: • | dividend rights; • | conversion rights; 9 Table of Contents • | voting rights; • | terms of redemption; • | liquidation preferences; • | sinking fund terms; and • | the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an
attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best
interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the
proposed acquirer, stockholder or stockholder group. The rights of holders of our common stock described above, will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of any preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the
future. The issuance of shares of undesignated preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including
voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. We will incorporate by reference
as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus, the form of any certificate of designation that describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. This description and the applicable prospectus
supplement will include: • | the title and stated value; • | the number of shares authorized; • | the liquidation preference per share; • | the purchase price; • | the dividend rate, period and payment date, and method of calculation for dividends; • | whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate; • | the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any; • | the provisions for a sinking fund, if any; • | the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights; • | any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market; • | whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period; • | whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; • | voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock; • | preemptive rights, if any; • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; 10 Table of Contents • | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares; • | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock; • | the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; • | any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. When we issue shares of preferred stock under this prospectus, the shares will fully be paid and nonassessable and will not be subject to any preemptive or
similar rights. Antitakeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and of our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could have
the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and, as
a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions are also designed in part to encourage anyone seeking to
acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions
that stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. However, we believe that the advantages gained by protecting our ability to negotiate with any unsolicited and potentially unfriendly acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of
discouraging such proposals, including those priced above the then-current market value of our common stock, because, among other reasons, the negotiation of such proposals could improve their terms. Delaware Takeover Statute We are subject to the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a
three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested
stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: • | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or • | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 11 Table of Contents Section 203 defines a business combination to include: • | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or • | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Provisions of our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions
that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors
rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. Board composition and filling vacancies .
In accordance with our restated certificate of incorporation, our board is divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that
directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring,
including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. No written consent of stockholders . Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote
of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the
amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholder without holding a meeting of stockholders. Meetings of stockholders .
Our bylaws provide that only a majority of the members of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a
special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. Advance notice requirements . Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of
candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at
which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days or more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. The
notice must contain certain information specified in our bylaws. 12 Table of Contents Amendment to certificate of incorporation and bylaws . As required by the Delaware General Corporation Law,
any amendment of our restated certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, directors, limitation
of liability and the amendment of our restated certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than 75% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than 75% of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to
vote thereon as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority vote of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least 75%
of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, or, if the board of directors recommends that the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment,
in each case voting together as a single class. Undesignated preferred stock . Our restated certificate of incorporation provides for authorized
shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy
contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause
shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this
regard, our restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the
amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying,
deterring or preventing a change in control of us. DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES This section describes the general terms and provisions of our debt securities that we may issue from time to time. We may issue debt securities, in one or
more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any future debt securities we may offer under this prospectus, the applicable
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus will describe the specific terms of any debt securities offered through that prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. The terms of any debt securities we offer under a prospectus supplement
or free writing prospectus may differ from the terms we describe below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the “indentures,” we also are referring to any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a
particular series of debt securities. We will issue any senior debt securities under the senior indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named
in the senior indenture. We will issue any subordinated debt securities under the subordinated indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the subordinated indenture. We have filed forms of these documents as exhibits to the
registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The indentures will be qualified under the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We use the term “trustee” to refer to either the trustee under the senior indenture or the trustee under the subordinated indenture, as applicable. 13 Table of Contents The following summaries of material provisions of the senior debt securities, the subordinated debt securities
and the indentures are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing
prospectus and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete applicable indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. Except as we may otherwise
indicate, the terms of the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are identical. General We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the terms of the series of debt securities being offered, including: • | the title; • | the principal amount being offered, and if a series, the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding; • | any limit on the amount that may be issued; • | whether or not we will issue the series of debt securities in global form, and, if so, the terms and who the depository will be; • | the maturity date; • | whether and under what circumstances, if any, we will pay additional amounts on any debt securities held by a person who is not a United States person for tax purposes, and whether we can redeem the debt securities if we have to pay such additional amounts; • | the annual interest rate, which may be fixed or variable, or the method for determining the rate and the date interest will begin to accrue, the dates interest will be payable and the regular record dates for interest payment dates or the method for determining such dates; • | whether or not the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; • | the terms of the subordination of any series of subordinated debt; • | the place where payments will be payable; • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; • | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; • | the date, if any, after which, the conditions upon which, and the price at which, we may, at our option, redeem the series of debt securities pursuant to any optional or provisional redemption provisions and the terms of those redemption provisions; • | the date, if any, on which, and the price at which we are obligated, pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions or otherwise, to redeem, or at the holder’s option, to purchase, the series of debt securities and the currency or currency unit in which the debt securities are payable; • | whether the indenture will restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to: • | incur additional indebtedness; • | issue additional securities; • | create liens; • | pay dividends or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries; 14 Table of Contents • | redeem capital stock; • | place restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make distributions or transfer assets; • | make investments or other restricted payments; • | sell or otherwise dispose of assets; • | enter into sale-leaseback transactions; • | engage in transactions with stockholders or affiliates; • | issue or sell stock of our subsidiaries; or • | effect a consolidation or merger; • | whether the indenture will require us to maintain any interest coverage, fixed charge, cash flow-based, asset-based or other financial ratios; • | a discussion of certain material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the debt securities; • | information describing any book-entry features; • | provisions for a sinking fund purchase or other analogous fund, if any; • | the applicability of the provisions in the indenture on discharge; • | whether the debt securities are to be offered at a price such that they will be deemed to be offered at an “original issue discount” as defined in paragraph (a) of Section 1273 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; • | the denominations in which we will issue the series of debt securities, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • | the currency of payment of debt securities if other than U.S. dollars and the manner of determining the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, including any additional events of default or covenants provided with respect to the debt securities, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the debt securities. Conversion or Exchange Rights We will set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the terms on which a series of debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, our preferred stock or other securities (including securities of a
third-party). We will include provisions as to whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or at our option. We may include provisions pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock, our preferred stock or
other securities (including securities of a third-party) that the holders of the series of debt securities receive would be subject to adjustment. Consolidation, Merger or Sale Unless we provide
otherwise in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the indentures will not contain any covenant that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. However, any successor to or acquirer of such assets must assume all of our obligations under the indentures or the debt securities, as appropriate. If the debt securities are convertible
into or exchangeable for other securities of ours or securities of other entities, the person with whom we consolidate or merge or to whom we sell all of our property 15 Table of Contents must make provisions for the conversion of the debt securities into securities that the holders of the debt securities would have received if they had converted the debt securities before the
consolidation, merger or sale. Events of Default Under the Indenture Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the following are
events of default under the indentures with respect to any series of debt securities that we may issue: • | if we fail to pay interest when due and payable and our failure continues for 90 days and the time for payment has not been extended; • | if we fail to pay the principal, premium or sinking fund payment, if any, when due and payable at maturity, upon redemption or repurchase or otherwise, and the time for payment has not been extended; • | if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant contained in the debt securities or the indentures, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of debt securities, and our failure continues for 90 days after we receive notice from the trustee or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series; and • | if specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. We will describe in each applicable
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus any additional events of default relating to the relevant series of debt securities. If an event of
default with respect to debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, other than an event of default specified in the last bullet point above, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of that series, by notice to us in writing, and to the trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, due and payable immediately. If an event of default
specified in the last bullet point above occurs with respect to us, the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, of each issue of debt securities then outstanding shall be due and payable without any notice or other action on
the part of the trustee or any holder. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of an affected series may waive
any default or event of default with respect to the series and its consequences, except defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance
with the indenture. Any waiver shall cure the default or event of default. Subject to the terms of the indentures, if an event of default under an
indenture shall occur and be continuing, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under such indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of debt securities, unless such
holders have offered the trustee reasonable indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct
the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series, provided that: • | the direction so given by the holder is not in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; and • | subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. 16 Table of Contents A holder of the debt securities of any series will have the right to institute a proceeding under the indentures
or to appoint a receiver or trustee, or to seek other remedies if: • | the holder has given written notice to the trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series; • | the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and such holders have offered reasonable indemnity to the trustee or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense or to be incurred in compliance with instituting the proceeding as trustee; and • | the trustee does not institute the proceeding, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series other conflicting directions within 90 days after the notice, request and offer. These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of debt securities if we
default in the payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities, or other defaults that may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified covenants in the indentures. Modification of Indenture; Waiver Subject to the
terms of the indenture for any series of debt securities that we may issue, we and the trustee may change an indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to the following specific matters: • | to fix any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the indenture; • | to comply with the provisions described above under “Description of Our Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale;” • | to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of any indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; • | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the indenture; • | to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided under “Description of Our Debt Securities—General,” to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the indenture or any series of debt securities, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; • | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor trustee; • | to provide for uncertificated debt securities and to make all appropriate changes for such purpose; • | to add to our covenants such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the benefit of the holders, to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default or to surrender any right or power conferred to us in the indenture; or • | to change anything that does not materially adversely affect the interests of any holder of debt securities of any series. In addition, under the indentures, the rights of holders of a series of debt securities may be changed by us and the trustee with the written consent of the
holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series that is affected. However, subject to the terms of the indenture for any 17 Table of Contents series of debt securities that we may issue or as otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we and the
trustee may make the following changes only with the consent of each holder of any outstanding debt securities affected: • | extending the stated maturity of the series of debt securities; • | reducing the principal amount, reducing the rate of or extending the time of payment of interest, or reducing any premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any debt securities; or • | reducing the percentage of debt securities, the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver. Discharge Each indenture provides that, subject
to the terms of the indenture and any limitation otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we can elect to be discharged from our obligations with respect to one
or more series of debt securities, except for specified obligations, including obligations to: • | register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series; • | replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series; • | maintain paying agencies; • | hold monies for payment in trust; • | recover excess money held by the trustee; • | compensate and indemnify the trustee; and • | appoint any successor trustee. In order to exercise our rights to be discharged, we must deposit with the
trustee money or government obligations sufficient to pay all the principal of, any premium and interest on, the debt securities of the series on the dates payments are due. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue the
debt securities of each series only in fully registered form without coupons and, unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The
indentures provide that we may issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company or another depository named by us and
identified in a prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus with respect to that series. At the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the
indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities described in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities
of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of the indentures and the
limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or
with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in
the debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will make no service charge for any registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. 18 Table of Contents We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the security registrar, and any
transfer agent in addition to the security registrar, that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office
through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: • | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange any debt securities of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or • | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee,
other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under an indenture, undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. Upon an event of default under an indenture, the trustee
must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision, the
trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indentures at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might
incur. Payment and Paying Agents Unless we
otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, we will make payment of the interest on any debt securities on any interest payment date to the person in whose name the debt securities, or one or more
predecessor securities, are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for the interest. We will pay principal of and any premium and
interest on the debt securities of a particular series at the office of the paying agents designated by us, except that unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, we will make interest payments
by check that we will mail to the holder or by wire transfer to certain holders. Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, we will designate the corporate trust office of the trustee as our sole
paying agent for payments with respect to debt securities of each series. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus any other paying agents that we initially designate for the debt securities of a particular
series. We will maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All money we pay to a paying agent or
the trustee for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities that remains unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the
holder of the debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment thereof. Governing Law The indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the
Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 19 Table of Contents Ranking of Debt Securities The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in priority of payment to certain of our other indebtedness to the extent described in a
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. The subordinated indenture does not limit the amount of subordinated debt securities that we may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally in right of payment to all our other senior unsecured debt. The senior indenture does not limit the amount of
senior debt securities that we may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus
supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that
we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we indicate in the prospectus supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may
differ from the terms described below. Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. General We may issue warrants for the purchase of common
stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or together with common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from these securities. We will evidence each series of warrants by warrant certificates that we will issue under a separate warrant agreement. We will enter into the warrant
agreement with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants, including: • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreement and the warrants; 20 Table of Contents • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the periods during which, and places at which, the warrants are exercisable; • | the manner of exercise; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the manner in which the warrant agreement and warrants may be modified; • | federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in any combination. We may issue units in such
amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section outlines certain provisions of the units that we may issue. If we issue units, they will be issued under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other
financial institution, as unit agent. The information described in this section may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms
of any series of units offered will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a particular supplement, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of terms presented below. We urge
you to read any prospectus supplement related to any series of units we may offer, as well as the complete unit agreement and unit certificate that contain the terms of the units. If we issue units, forms of unit agreements and unit certificates
relating to such units will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. Each unit that we may
issue will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a
unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement may describe: • | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; • | any provisions of the governing unit agreement; • | the price or prices at which such units will be issued; • | the applicable United States federal income tax considerations relating to the units; • | any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and • | any other terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this
section, as well as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description of Debt Securities” and “Description of Warrants” will apply to the securities included in each unit, to the extent relevant and as
may be updated in any prospectus supplements. 21 Table of Contents Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section summarizes terms of the units that apply generally to all series.
Most of the financial and other specific terms of a particular series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unit
Agreements We will issue the units under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit
agent. We may add, replace or terminate unit agents from time to time. We will identify the unit agreement under which each series of units will be issued and the unit agent under that agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following provisions will generally apply to all unit agreements unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement: Modification without Consent We and the
applicable unit agent may amend any unit or unit agreement without the consent of any holder: • | to cure any ambiguity; any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; • | to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision; or • | to make any other change that we believe is necessary or desirable and will not adversely affect the interests of the affected holders in any material respect. We do not need any approval to make changes that affect only units to be issued after the changes take effect. We may also make changes that do not adversely
affect a particular unit in any material respect, even if they adversely affect other units in a material respect. In those cases, we do not need to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected unit; we need only obtain any required approvals
from the holders of the affected units. Modification with Consent We may not amend any particular unit or a unit agreement with respect to any particular unit unless we obtain the consent of the holder of that unit, if the
amendment would: • | impair any right of the holder to exercise or enforce any right under a security included in the unit if the terms of that security require the consent of the holder to any changes that would impair the exercise or enforcement of that right; or • | reduce the percentage of outstanding units or any series or class the consent of whose holders is required to amend that series or class, or the applicable unit agreement with respect to that series or class, as described below. Any other change to a particular unit agreement and the units issued under that agreement would require the following
approval: • | If the change affects only the units of a particular series issued under that agreement, the change must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of that series; or • | If the change affects the units of more than one series issued under that agreement, it must be approved by the holders of a majority of all outstanding units of all series affected by the change, with the units of all the affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 22 Table of Contents These provisions regarding changes with majority approval also apply to changes affecting any securities issued
under a unit agreement, as the governing document. In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. Unit Agreements Will Not Be Qualified under Trust Indenture Act No unit agreement will be qualified as an indenture, and no unit agent will be required to qualify as a trustee, under the Trust Indenture Act. Therefore,
holders of units issued under unit agreements will not have the protections of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to their units. Mergers and
Similar Transactions Permitted; No Restrictive Covenants or Events of Default The unit agreements will not restrict our ability to merge or
consolidate with, or sell our assets to, another corporation or other entity or to engage in any other transactions. If at any time we merge or consolidate with, or sell our assets substantially as an entirety to, another corporation or other
entity, the successor entity will succeed to and assume our obligations under the unit agreements. We will then be relieved of any further obligation under these agreements. The unit agreements will not include any restrictions on our ability to put liens on our assets, nor will they restrict our ability to sell our assets. The
unit agreements also will not provide for any events of default or remedies upon the occurrence of any events of default. Governing Law The unit agreements and the units will be governed by Delaware law. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue each
unit in global—i.e., book-entry—form only. Units in book-entry form will be represented by a global security registered in the name of a depositary, which will be the holder of all the units represented by the global security. Those who
own beneficial interests in a unit will do so through participants in the depositary’s system, and the rights of these indirect owners will be governed solely by the applicable procedures of the depositary and its participants. We will describe
book-entry securities, and other terms regarding the issuance and registration of the units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit and all
securities comprising the unit will be issued in the same form. If we issue any units in registered, non-global form, the following will apply to them. The units will be issued in the denominations stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Holders may exchange their units for units of smaller
denominations or combined into fewer units of larger denominations, as long as the total amount is not changed. • | Holders may exchange or transfer their units at the office of the unit agent. Holders may also replace lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated units at that office. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. • | Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their units, but they may be required to pay for any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange, and any replacement, will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder’s proof of legal ownership. The transfer agent may also require an indemnity before replacing any units. 23 Table of Contents • | If we have the right to redeem, accelerate or settle any units before their maturity, and we exercise our right as to less than all those units or other securities, we may block the exchange or transfer of those units during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of exercise and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers of or exchange any unit selected for early settlement, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unsettled portion of any unit being partially settled. We may also block the transfer or exchange of any unit in this manner if the unit includes securities that are or may be selected for early settlement. Only the depositary will be entitled to transfer or exchange a unit
in global form, since it will be the sole holder of the unit. Payments and Notices In making payments and giving notices with respect to our units, we will follow the procedures as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 24 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell securities: • | through underwriters; • | through dealers; • | through agents; • | directly to purchasers; or • | through a combination of any of these methods or any other method permitted by law. In addition, we may issue
the securities as a dividend or distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders. We may directly solicit offers to
purchase securities, or agents may be designated to solicit such offers. In the prospectus supplement relating to such offering, we will name any agent that could be viewed as an underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any commissions that
we must pay to any such agent. Any such agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, on a firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used in connection
with any offering of our securities through any of these methods or other methods described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The distribution of
the securities may be effected from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price, or prices, which may be changed from time to time; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution of the securities
and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series will describe the terms of the offering
of the securities, including the following: • | the name of the agent or any underwriters; • | the public offering or purchase price; • | any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to the agent or underwriters; • | all other items constituting underwriting compensation; • | any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to dealers; and • | any exchanges on which the securities will be listed. If any underwriters or agents are used in the sale of
the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we will enter into an underwriting agreement, sales agreement or other agreement with them at the time of sale to them, and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to
such offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of the related agreement with them. In connection with the offering of securities, we
may grant to the underwriters an option to purchase additional securities with an additional underwriting commission, as may be set forth in the accompanying prospectus supplement. If we grant any such option, the terms of such option will be set
forth in the prospectus supplement for such securities. 25 Table of Contents If a dealer is used in the sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is delivered, we will sell
such securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer, who may be deemed to be an “underwriter” as that term is defined in the Securities Act, may then resell such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by such
dealer at the time of resale. If we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders, we may enter into a standby
underwriting agreement with dealers, acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement, we
may retain a dealer-manager to manage a subscription rights offering for us. Agents, underwriters, dealers and other persons may be entitled under
agreements which they may enter into with us to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary
course of business. If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to
solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase securities from us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each contract will be for an amount not less than, and
the aggregate amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when authorized, may be made include commercial and
savings banks, insurance companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will not be subject to any
conditions except that: • | the purchase by an institution of the securities covered under that contract shall not at the time of delivery be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which that institution is subject; and • | if the securities are also being sold to underwriters acting as principals for their own account, the underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold for delayed delivery. The underwriters and other persons acting as our agents will not have any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of delayed delivery contracts. Offered
securities may also be offered and sold, if so indicated in the prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon their purchase, in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more
remarketing firms, acting as principals for their own accounts or as agents for us. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the terms of its agreement, if any, with us and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Remarketing firms may be deemed to be underwriters in connection with their remarketing of offered securities. Certain agents, underwriters
and dealers, and their associates and affiliates, may be customers of, have borrowing relationships with, engage in other transactions with, or perform services, including investment banking services, for us or one or more of our respective
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the offering of the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that
stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities or any other securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any underwriters may overallot in connection with the offering,
creating a short position for their own accounts. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the price of the securities or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, the securities or any such other
securities in the open market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the
offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the
securities above independent market levels. Any such underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. 26 Table of Contents We may engage in at the market offerings into an existing trading market in accordance with Rule 415(a)(4) under
the Securities Act. In addition, we may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement so
indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by us
or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party
in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus, will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial
institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in our
securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market
generally are required to settle in three business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable prospectus supplement may provide that the original issue date for your securities may be more than three
scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you wish to trade securities on any date prior to the third business day before the original issue date for your securities, you will be required, by
virtue of the fact that your securities initially are expected to settle in more than three scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. The securities may be new issues of securities and may have no established trading market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national securities
exchange. We can make no assurance as to the liquidity of or the existence of trading markets for any of the securities. The specific terms of any
lock-up provisions in respect of any given offering will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The underwriters, dealers and agents may
engage in transactions with us, or perform services for us, in the ordinary course of business for which they receive compensation. The anticipated date
of delivery of offered securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to each offer. 27 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Goodwin Procter LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Any underwriters will also be
advised about the validity of the securities and other legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in the prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K have audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which
is incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. Certain information in the registration statement has been omitted from
this prospectus in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We are subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC. You may read and copy any document we file at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room.
These documents also may be accessed through the SEC’s electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system, or EDGAR, via electronic means, including the SEC’s home page on the Internet (www.sec.gov ). We have the authority to designate and issue more than one class or series of stock having various preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption. See “Description of Capital Stock.” We will furnish a full statement of the relative rights and preferences of each class or series of our
stock which has been so designated and any restrictions on the ownership or transfer of our stock to any stockholder upon request and without charge. Written requests for such copies should be directed to Sec, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie
Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139; telephone: (857) 285-6200 . Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and, therefore, is not part of this prospectus or any accompanying
prospectus supplement. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference the information and reports we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by
referring you to these documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information already incorporated by
reference. We are incorporating by reference the documents listed below, which we have already filed with the SEC (SEC File No. 001-37766), and any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, including all filings made after the date of the filing of this registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement, except as to any portion of any future report or document that is not deemed filed under such
provisions, after the date of this prospectus and prior to the termination of this offering: • | Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2017; • | The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (other than information furnished rather than filed), which was filed with the SEC on April 18, 2017; 28 Table of Contents • | Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2017; • | Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2017 and April 13, 2017; and • | The description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016 under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. Upon request, we will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to
whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, a copy of the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus. You may request a copy of these filings, and any exhibits we have specifically incorporated by
reference as an exhibit in this prospectus, at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address: 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139; telephone: (857) 285-6200. You may also access these documents, free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.intelliatx.com .
Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed from, our website as part of this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus
supplement. This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. We have incorporated exhibits into this registration statement.
You should read the exhibits carefully for provisions that may be important to you. You should rely only on the information incorporated by reference or
provided in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume
that the information in this prospectus or in the documents incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus or those documents. 29 Table of Contents $250,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units PROSPECTUS , 2017 We have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any information or represent anything not contained in this prospectus. You must not
rely on any unauthorized information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. This prospectus does not offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful. Neither the delivery
of this prospectus, nor any sale made hereunder, shall create any implication that the information in this prospectus is correct after the date hereof. Table of Contents Part II—INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The expenses payable by Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Registrant” or the “Company”) in connection with the issuance and distribution of
the securities being registered (other than underwriting discounts and commissions, if any) are set forth below. Each item listed is estimated, except for the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) registration fee. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 28,975
FINRA filing fee | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Printing fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent and trustee fees | *
Miscellaneous | *
Total | $ | * * | Estimated expenses not presently known Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, authorizes a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities
arising out of actions, suits and proceedings to which they are made or threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that they have served or are currently serving as a director or officer to a corporation. The indemnity may cover expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding. Section 145 permits corporations to pay
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by directors and officers in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding. In addition, Section 145 provides that a corporation has the power to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of its directors and officers against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in their capacity as a director or officer, or arising out of their status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the
power to indemnify the director or officer against such liability under Section 145. We have adopted provisions in our restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that limit or eliminate the personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. Consequently, a director will not be
personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages or breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: • | any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; • | any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • | any unlawful payments related to dividends or unlawful stock purchases, redemptions or other distributions; or • | any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. These limitations of liability
do not alter director liability under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission. II-1 Table of Contents In addition, our bylaws provide that: • | we will indemnify our directors, officers and, in the discretion of our board of directors, certain employees to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended; and • | we will advance reasonable expenses, including attorneys’ fees, to our directors and, in the discretion of our board of directors, to our officers and certain employees, in connection with legal proceedings relating to their service for or on behalf of us, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each
of our directors and certain of our executive officers. These agreements provide that we will indemnify each of our directors, certain of our executive officers and, at times, their affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We will
advance expenses, including attorneys’ fees (but excluding judgments, fines and settlement amounts), to each indemnified director, executive officer or affiliate in connection with any proceeding in which indemnification is available and we
will indemnify our directors and officers for any action or proceeding arising out of that person’s services as a director or officer brought on behalf of the Company or in furtherance of our rights. Additionally, certain of our directors may
have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance provided by their affiliates, which indemnification relates to and might apply to the same proceedings arising out of such director’s services as a director referenced
herein. Nonetheless, we have agreed in the indemnification agreements that the Company’s obligations to those same directors are primary and any obligation of the affiliates of those directors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification
for the expenses or liabilities incurred by those directors are secondary. We also maintain a general liability insurance policy which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our Company arising out of claims based on acts or
omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 16. Exhibits A list of exhibits filed with this registration statement on Form S-3 is set forth on the Exhibit Index and is incorporated herein by
reference. Item 17. Undertakings The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a) (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to
this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To
reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the
information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any
deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and
price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material
change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(l)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this
section do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports II-2 Table of Contents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are
incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of
the offering; (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date
the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(l)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first
contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date
of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided,
however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of
the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement
or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the
Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless
of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will
be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating
to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of
the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to
the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser; (6) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
bona fide offering thereof; II-3 Table of Contents (7) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to
directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the
opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will
be governed by the final adjudication of such issue; and (8) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act
of 1939. II-4 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on June 5, 2017. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By: | /s/ Nessan Bermingham
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D.
Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints
each of Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D., José E. Rivera, J.D. and Graeme Bell, and each of them singly, as such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in
such person’s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (or any registration statement for the same offering that is
to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said
attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent, or any substitute or substitutes of any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Nessan Bermingham Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | June 5, 2017
/s/ Graeme Bell Graeme Bell | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) | June 5, 2017
/s/ Nicole Heifner Nicole Heifner | Senior Vice President, Accounting (Principal Accounting Officer) | June 5, 2017
/s/ Caroline Dorsa Caroline Dorsa | Director | June 5, 2017
/s/ Jean François Formela Jean François Formela, M.D. | Director | June 5, 2017
/s/ Carl L. Gordon Carl L. Gordon, Ph.D. | Director | June 5, 2017
/s/ Perry Karsen Perry Karsen | Director | June 5, 2017
/s/ John M. Leonard John M. Leonard, M.D. | Executive Vice President, Research & Development and Director | June 5, 2017 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Exhibit Index
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (1)
3.2 | Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (1)
4.1 | Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated August 20, 2015 (2)
4.2 | Amendment No. 1 to Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated April 11, 2016 (3)
4.3 | Amendment No. 2 to Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated April 25, 2016 (4)
4.4 | Form of Senior Indenture between Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Indenture between Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.6* | Form of Certificate of Designations
4.7* | Form of Warrant Agreements
4.8* | Form of Unit Certificate
4.9* | Form of Unit Agreement
4.10* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.11 | Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2
5.1 | Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP
12.1 | Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
23.1 | Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2 | Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included in page 33)
25.1** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
25.2** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 * | To be filed, if necessary, by amendment or as an exhibit to a document to be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this registration statement, including a Current Report on Form 8-K. ** | To be filed pursuant to Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. (1) | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37766) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2016 (2) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2016 (3) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2016 (4) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2016