S-3/A 1 d788934ds3a.htm S-3/A S-3/A Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2019 Registration No. 333-233448 UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Amendment
No. 1 to FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 36-4785571
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 (857) 285-6200 (Address, including zip code and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) John M. Leonard, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 (857) 285-6200 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Arthur R. McGivern, Esq. William D. Collins, Esq. Goodwin Procter LLP 100 Northern Ave. Boston, Massachusetts 02210 (617) 570-1000 | José E. Rivera, Esq. Executive Vice President, General Counsel Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. 40 Erie Street, Suite 130 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 (857) 285-6200 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public : From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this
form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that
shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the
following box. ☐ Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☒ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF
REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount to be Registered (1) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit (2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (3) | Amount of Registration Fee (4)
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value (5) | $— | $— | $— | $—
Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value (6) | — | — | — | —
Debt Securities (7) | — | — | — | —
Warrants (8) | — | — | — | —
Units (9) | — | — | — | —
Total | $300,000,000 | N/A* | $300,000,000 | $36,360(10) (1) | The amount to be registered consists of up to $300,000,000 of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units. There is also being registered hereunder such currently indeterminate number of (i) shares of common stock or other securities of the registrant as may be issued upon conversion of, or in exchange for, convertible or exchangeable debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or (ii) shares of preferred stock, common stock, debt securities or units as may be issued upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. Any securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with the other securities registered hereunder. (2) | The proposed maximum aggregate offering price per unit will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder and is not specified as to each class of security pursuant to General Instruction II.D. of Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). (3) | Estimated solely for purposes of computing the registration fee. No separate consideration will be received for (i) common stock or other securities of the registrant that may be issued upon conversion of, or in exchange for, convertible or exchangeable debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or (ii) preferred stock, common stock, debt securities or units that may be issued upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (4) | The registration fee has been calculated in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. (5) | Including such indeterminate amount of common stock as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon conversion of debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (6) | Including such indeterminate amount of preferred stock as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon conversion of debt securities and/or preferred stock registered hereby, or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (7) | Including such indeterminate principal amount of debt securities as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices or upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. (8) | Including such indeterminate number of warrants or other rights, including without limitation share purchase or subscription rights, as may be issued from time to time at indeterminate prices. (9) | Primary offering of common stock pursuant to the sales agreement referred to in the sales agreement prospectus supplement contained herein. (10) | Fee previously paid * | The proposed maximum offering price per unit is not applicable in that these securities are not issued in predetermined amounts or units. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE
NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement contains: • | a base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of the securities identified above from time to time in one or more offerings with a total value of up to $300,000,000; and • | a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $150,000,000 of our common stock that may be issued and sold from time to time under an Open Market Sale Agreement SM , or the Sales Agreement, entered into with Jefferies LLC. The base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base
prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The specific terms of the securities to be issued and sold under the Sales Agreement are specified in the sales agreement prospectus that immediately follows the base
prospectus. The $150,000,000 of common stock that may be offered, issued and sold under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the $300,000,000 of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by us under the base prospectus. Upon
termination of the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC, any portion of the $150,000,000 included in the sales agreement prospectus that is not sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be available for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base
prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement, and if no shares are sold under the Sales Agreement, the full $300,000,000 of securities may be sold in other offerings by us pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus
supplement. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any
jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED AUGUST 30, 2019 PROSPECTUS $300,000,000 Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt Securities Warrants Units We may from time to time issue, in one or more series or classes, up to $300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, warrants and/or units. We may offer these securities separately or together in units. We will specify in the applicable accompanying prospectus supplement the terms of the securities being offered. We may sell these securities to or
through underwriters and also to other purchasers or through agents. We will set forth the names of any underwriters or agents, and any fees, conversions or discount arrangements, in the applicable accompanying prospectus supplement. We may not sell
any securities under this prospectus without delivery of the applicable prospectus supplement. You should read this document and any prospectus
supplement or amendment carefully before you invest in our securities. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol
“NTLA.” On August 19, 2019, the closing price for our common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was $17.45 per share. Our principal executive office is located at 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties referenced under the heading
“ Risk Factors ” contained in this prospectus beginning on page 2 and any applicable prospectus supplement, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this
prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this Prospectus is , 2019. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
About This Prospectus | 1
Risk Factors | 2
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 3
The Company | 5
Use of Proceeds | 7
Securities We May Offer | 8
Description of Capital Stock | 8
Description of Debt Securities | 13
Description of Warrants | 21
Description of Units | 22
Plan of Distribution | 25
Legal Matters | 28
Experts | 28
Where You Can Find More Information | 28
Incorporation by Reference | 28 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may from time to time sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings for an aggregate
offering amount of up to $300,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell
securities, we will provide one or more prospectus supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of the offering. The applicable prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You
should read both this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement together with the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 28 of this prospectus. You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, the accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related
free writing prospectus filed by us with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer
to buy any securities other than the securities described in the accompanying prospectus supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You
should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. Unless the context suggests otherwise, all references to
“us,” “our,” “Intellia Therapeutics,” “we,” the “Company” and similar designations refer to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. and, where appropriate, our subsidiary, Intellia Securities Corp. 1 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks referenced below and described in the documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference into this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, before making an investment
decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the materialization of any of these risks. The trading price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of any of these
risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference also contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks referenced below and described in the documents incorporated herein by reference, including (i) our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, which is on file with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference, (ii) our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for
the quarters ended March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019, which are on file with the SEC and incorporated herein by reference, and (iii) other documents we file with the SEC that are deemed incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement, any related free writing prospectus and the documents that we incorporate by reference herein or
therein contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any
statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but are not always, made through the use of words or phrases
such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,”
“projects,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms, or similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this prospectus, and in particular those factors referenced in
the section “Risk Factors.” This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions
and on information currently available to our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about: • | the initiation, timing, progress and results of our research and development programs and future preclinical and clinical studies, including the anticipated timing of an investigational new drug application for transthyretin amyloidosis, our lead in vivo indication, and acute myeloid leukemia, our lead ex vivo indication; • | our ability to use a modular platform capability or other strategy to efficiently discover and develop product candidates, including by applying learnings from one program to other programs; • | our ability to research, develop or maintain a pipeline of product candidates; • | our ability to manufacture or obtain material for our preclinical and clinical studies, and our product candidates; • | our ability to advance any product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical studies, including clinical studies necessary for regulatory approval and commercialization, and to demonstrate to the regulators that the product candidates are safe, effective, pure and potent and that their benefits outweigh known and potential risks for the intended patient population; • | our ability to advance our genome editing and therapeutic delivery capabilities; • | the scope of protection we are able to develop, establish and maintain for intellectual property rights, including patents and license rights, covering our product candidates and technology; • | our ability to operate, including commercializing products, without infringing or breaching the proprietary or contractual rights of others; • | the issuance or enforcement of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements and guidance regarding preclinical and clinical studies relevant to genome editing and our product candidates; • | the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; • | the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; • | the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; • | the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; 3 Table of Contents • | estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; • | the potential benefits of strategic collaboration agreements and our ability to enter into strategic arrangements; • | our ability to maintain and establish collaborations with third parties under favorable terms; • | our ability to acquire and maintain relevant intellectual property licenses and rights, and the scope and terms of such rights; • | our expected uses of the net proceeds from any offering of our securities; • | our financial performance or ability to obtain additional funding; and • | developments relating to our licensors, licensees, third parties from which we derive rights, collaborators, competitors and our industry. These forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance due to a
variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including, without limitation the risk factors and cautionary
statements described in other documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically under “Item 1A: Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 31, 2018 and our most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and the section of any accompanying prospectus supplement entitled “Risk Factors.” The forward-looking
statements in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference represent our views as of their respective dates. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update
these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking
statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the dates on which they were made. This prospectus and the documents incorporated by
reference also contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of
certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and
circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third
parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 4 Table of Contents THE COMPANY We are a genome editing company focused on developing curative therapeutics utilizing a biological tool known as CRISPR/Cas9, which stands for Clustered,
Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (“CRISPR”)/CRISPR associated 9 (“Cas9”). This is a technology for genome editing, the process of altering selected sequences of genomic deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”). We
believe that CRISPR/Cas9 technology has the potential to transform medicine by editing disease-associated genes with a single treatment course, and that it can also be used to create novel engineered cell therapies that can replace a patient’s
diseased cells or effectively target various cancers and autoimmune diseases. We leverage our leading scientific expertise, clinical development experience and intellectual property position to unlock a broad set of therapeutic applications for
CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing and to develop a potential new class of therapeutic products. Our mission is to build a company to develop curative genome
editing treatments that can positively transform the lives of people living with severe and life-threatening disease. We believe we can deliver on our mission and provide long-term benefits for all of our stakeholders by focusing on the following
key elements: • | Develop curative CRISPR/Cas9 based medicines; • | Advance our science to help more patients; • | Foster an environment that is the best place to make therapies; and • | Focus on long-term sustainability. Our strategy is to build a full-spectrum genome editing company, by leveraging our CRISPR/Cas9 platform across two areas: in vivo applications, in
which CRISPR/Cas9 is the therapy, delivered to target cells within the body; and ex vivo applications, in which CRISPR/Cas9 creates the therapy of engineered human cells. The breadth of our CRISPR/Cas9 platform and delivery technology allows us to pursue a multitude of therapeutic targets/clinical indications. Specifically, we
can target diseases that have the potential to be addressed by directly editing specific genes (i.e., gene knockout, repair, or insertion) as well as diseases that may be targeted by genetically engineered cell therapies. The successful treatment of
these disorders may require various types of genome edits, CRISPR/Cas9 elements and DNA templates. We have assembled multiple in vivo and engineered cell therapy capabilities into an early pipeline that reflects our full-spectrum approach and
leverages the modularity inherent in our platform. Our pipeline includes in vivo proprietary programs targeting genetic diseases, including
transthyretin amyloidosis, which we are co-developing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, and other disorders such as primary
hyperoxaluria. Our pipeline also includes ex vivo programs consisting of two separate efforts: 1) a set of proprietary programs focused on engineered cell therapies to treat various cancers and autoimmune diseases, and 2) partnered programs
developed in collaboration with Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc., focused on chimeric antigen receptor T cells, hematopoietic stem cells, the stem cells from which all of the various types of blood cells originate, and stem
cells in the eye, or ocular stem cells. We are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception. Our net loss was
$25.7 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and $47.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2019. As of June 30, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit of $249.0 million. We expect these losses to increase as we
continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations, seek regulatory approvals for our future product candidates, scale-up manufacturing capabilities,
maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio and hire additional personnel to support the development of our product candidates and to enhance our operational, financial and information management systems. As of June 30,
2019, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $275.8 million. We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in May
2014 under the name AZRN, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Our 5 Table of Contents telephone number is (857) 285-6200, and our website is located at www.intelliatx.com . No portion of our website is incorporated by reference
into this prospectus. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus. Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA”. We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including
without limitation our corporate name and logo. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this prospectus may be referred
to without the ® and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not
assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 6 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered under this prospectus for general corporate purposes unless otherwise indicated in
the applicable prospectus supplement. General corporate purposes may include research and development and clinical development costs to support the advancement of our potential product candidates and the expansion of our research and development
programs; working capital; capital expenditures; office expansion; and other general corporate purposes. We may temporarily invest the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation instruments, including short-term, investment-grade,
interest-bearing instruments and U.S. government securities, or may hold such proceeds as cash, until they are used for their stated purpose. We have not determined the amount of net proceeds to be used specifically for such purposes. As a result,
management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of net proceeds. 7 Table of Contents SECURITIES WE MAY OFFER This prospectus contains summary descriptions of the securities we may offer from time to time. These summary descriptions are not meant to be complete
descriptions of each security. The particular terms of any security will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our common stock and preferred stock, together with the additional information we
include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the common stock and preferred stock that we may offer under this prospectus. The following description of our capital stock does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and by applicable law. The terms of our common stock
and preferred stock may also be affected by Delaware law. Authorized Capital Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 120,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, all of which are undesignated preferred stock. As of August 19, 2019, we had 48,874,979 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock The holders of our common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends
declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription
rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. All outstanding shares are fully paid and nonassessable. When we issue shares of common stock under this prospectus, the shares will fully be paid and nonassessable and will not have, or be subject to, any
preemptive or similar rights. Listing Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA.” On August 19, 2019, the closing price for our common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was $17.45 per share. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent
and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Undesignated Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our
board of directors may determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 8 Table of Contents The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and
determine the number of shares in the series and its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. Examples of rights and preferences that the Board may fix are: • | dividend rights; • | conversion rights; • | voting rights; • | terms of redemption; • | liquidation preferences; • | sinking fund terms; and • | the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock may enable our board of
directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to
determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions
that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer, stockholder or stockholder group. The rights of holders of our common stock described above will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of any preferred
stock that we may designate and issue in the future. The issuance of shares of undesignated preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also
adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. We will incorporate by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus, the form of any certificate of designation that
describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. This description and the applicable prospectus supplement will include: • | the title and stated value; • | the number of shares authorized; • | the liquidation preference per share; • | the purchase price; • | the dividend rate, period and payment date, and method of calculation for dividends; • | whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate; • | the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any; • | the provisions for a sinking fund, if any; • | the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights; • | any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market; • | whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period; 9 Table of Contents • | whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; • | voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock; • | preemptive rights, if any; • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; • | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares; • | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock; • | the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; • | any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. When we issue shares of preferred stock under this prospectus, the shares will fully be paid and nonassessable and will not be subject
to any preemptive or similar rights. Antitakeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and of our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage
certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover
attempts. These provisions are also designed in part to encourage anyone seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is
possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. However, we believe that the advantages gained by protecting our ability to negotiate with
any unsolicited and potentially unfriendly acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging such proposals, including those priced above the then-current market value of our common stock, because, among other reasons, the negotiation of such
proposals could improve their terms. Delaware Takeover Statute We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware
corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is
approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: • | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation 10 Table of Contents outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or • | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination to include: • | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or • | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity
or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. Board composition and filling
vacancies . In accordance with our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board is divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation also provides that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on
our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. No written consent of stockholders . Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to
be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would
prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholder without holding a meeting of stockholders. Meetings of
stockholders . Our bylaws provide that only a majority of the members of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or
acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. 11 Table of Contents Advance notice requirements . Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to
stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing
to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days or more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date
of the annual meeting for the preceding year. The notice must contain certain information specified in our bylaws. Amendment to certificate of
incorporation and bylaws . As required by the Delaware General Corporation Law, any amendment of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law
or our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon
as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, directors, limitation of liability and the amendment of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than 75% of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than 75% of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority vote of the directors then in
office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, or, if the board of directors recommends that the stockholders
approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in each case voting together as a single class. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Delaware for State Law Claims. Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claim for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the “Delaware Forum Provision”); provided, however, that this Delaware Forum Provision does not
apply to any actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Delaware Forum Provision may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing claims covered by the Delaware Forum Provision, particularly if the
stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the Delaware Forum Provision may limit our stockholders’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of such lawsuits. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgment or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action
may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. Undesignated preferred stock . Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for authorized shares of preferred stock. The
existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For
example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to
be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of
earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing
a change in control of us. 12 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may offer debt securities which may be senior or subordinated. We refer to senior debt securities and subordinated debt securities collectively as debt
securities. Each series of debt securities may have different terms. The following description summarizes the general terms and provisions of the debt securities. We will describe the specific terms of the debt securities and the extent, if any, to
which the general provisions summarized below apply to any series of debt securities in the prospectus supplement relating to the series and any applicable free writing prospectus that we authorize to be delivered. We may issue senior debt securities from time to time, in one or more series under a senior indenture to be entered into between us and a senior trustee to be
named in a prospectus supplement, which we refer to as the senior trustee. We may issue subordinated debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, under a subordinated indenture to be entered into between us and a subordinated trustee to
be named in a prospectus supplement, which we refer to as the subordinated trustee. The forms of senior indenture and subordinated indenture are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Together, the
senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are referred to as the indentures and, together, the senior trustee and the subordinated trustee are referred to as the trustees. This prospectus briefly outlines some of the provisions of the
indentures. The following summary of the material provisions of the indentures is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the indentures, including definitions of certain terms used in the indentures. Wherever we refer to particular sections
or defined terms of the indentures, those sections or defined terms are incorporated by reference in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement. You should review the indentures that are filed as exhibits to the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part for additional information. As used in this prospectus, the term “debt securities” includes the debt securities being offered by this prospectus and all other debt securities issued by us under the
indentures. General The indentures: • | do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue; • | allow us to issue debt securities in one or more series; • | do not require us to issue all of the debt securities of a series at the same time; and • | allow us to reopen a series to issue additional debt securities without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of such series. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the senior debt securities will be
unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Payments on the subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all of our senior indebtedness, as
described under “—Subordination” and in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each indenture provides that we may, but need not, designate
more than one trustee under an indenture. Any trustee under an indenture may resign or be removed and a successor trustee may be appointed to act with respect to the series of debt securities administered by the resigning or removed trustee. If two
or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of debt securities, each trustee shall be a trustee of a trust under the applicable indenture separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. Except as
otherwise indicated in this prospectus, any action described in this prospectus to be taken by each trustee may be taken by each trustee with respect to, and only with respect to, the one or more series of debt securities for which it is trustee
under the applicable indenture. The prospectus supplement for each offering will provide the following terms, where applicable: • | the title of the debt securities and whether they are senior or subordinated; 13 Table of Contents • | the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities being offered, the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities outstanding as of the most recent practicable date and any limit on their aggregate principal amount, including the aggregate principal amount of debt securities authorized; • | the price at which the debt securities will be issued, expressed as a percentage of the principal and, if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount thereof payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or, if applicable, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that is convertible into common stock or other securities of ours or the method by which any such portion shall be determined; • | if convertible, the terms on which such debt securities are convertible, including the initial conversion price or rate and the conversion period and any applicable limitations on the ownership or transferability of common stock or other securities of ours received on conversion; • | the date or dates, or the method for determining the date or dates, on which the principal of the debt securities will be payable; • | the fixed or variable interest rate or rates of the debt securities, or the method by which the interest rate or rates is determined; • | the date or dates, or the method for determining the date or dates, from which interest will accrue; • | the dates on which interest will be payable; • | the record dates for interest payment dates, or the method by which such dates will be determined; • | the persons to whom interest will be payable; • | the place or places where the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, the debt securities will be payable; • | where the debt securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer or conversion or exchange; • | the times, prices and other terms and conditions upon which we may redeem the debt securities; • | any obligation we have to redeem, repay or repurchase the debt securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provision or at the option of holders of the debt securities, and the times and prices at which we must redeem, repay or repurchase the debt securities as a result of such obligation; • | the currency or currencies in which the debt securities are denominated and payable if other than United States dollars, which may be a foreign currency or units of two or more foreign currencies or a composite currency or currencies and the terms and conditions relating thereto, and the manner of determining the equivalent of such foreign currency in United States dollars; • | whether the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, or interest on, the debt securities of the series are to be payable, at our election or at the election of a holder, in a currency or currencies other than that in which the debt securities are denominated or stated to be payable, and other related terms and conditions; • | whether the debt securities will be in registered form, bearer form, or both, and (i) if in registered form, the person to whom any interest shall be payable, if other than the person in whose name the security is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest, or (ii) if in bearer form, the manner in which, or the person to whom, any interest on the security shall be payable if otherwise than upon presentation and surrender upon maturity; • | any restrictions applicable to the offer, sale or delivery of securities in bearer form and the terms upon which securities in bearer form of the series may be exchanged for securities in registered form of the series and vice versa, if permitted by applicable laws and regulations; • | whether any debt securities of the series are to be issuable initially in temporary global form and whether any debt securities of the series are to be issuable in permanent global form with or without 14 Table of Contents coupons and, if so, whether beneficial owners of interests in any such permanent global security may, or shall be required to, exchange their interests for other debt securities of the series, and the manner in which interest shall be paid; • | the identity of the depositary for securities in registered form, if such series are to be issuable as a global security; • | the applicability, if any, of the defeasance and covenant defeasance provisions described in this prospectus or in the applicable indenture; • | whether and under what circumstances we will pay any additional amounts on the debt securities in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge; • | whether and under what circumstances the debt securities being offered are convertible into common stock or other securities of ours, as the case may be, including the conversion price or rate and the manner or calculation thereof; • | the name of the applicable trustee and the nature of any material relationship with us or any of our affiliates, and the percentage of debt securities of the class necessary to require the trustee to take action; and • | any other terms of such debt securities not inconsistent with the provisions of the applicable indenture. We may issue debt securities that provide for less than the entire principal amount thereof to be payable upon declaration of
acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities. We refer to any such debt securities throughout this prospectus as “original issue discount securities.” The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the United States federal
income tax consequences and other relevant considerations applicable to original issue discount securities. Except as described under “—Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of Assets” or as may be set forth in any prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not contain any provisions that (i) would limit our ability to incur indebtedness or (ii) would afford holders of debt
securities protection in the event of (a) a highly leveraged or similar transaction involving us, or (b) a change of control or reorganization, restructuring, merger or similar transaction involving us that may adversely affect the holders
of the debt securities. In the future, we may enter into transactions, such as the sale of all or substantially all of our assets or a merger or consolidation, that may have an adverse effect on our ability to service our indebtedness, including the
debt securities, by, among other things, substantially reducing or eliminating our assets. Our governing instruments do not define the term
“substantially all” as it relates to the sale of assets. Additionally, Delaware cases interpreting the term “substantially all” rely upon the facts and circumstances of each particular case. Consequently, to determine whether a
sale of “substantially all” of our assets has occurred, a holder of debt securities must review the financial and other information that we have disclosed to the public. We will provide you with more information in the applicable prospectus supplement regarding any deletions, modifications, or additions to the events of
default or covenants that are described below, including any addition of a covenant or other provision providing event risk or similar protection. Payment Unless otherwise provided in the applicable
prospectus supplement, the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, any series of the debt securities will be payable by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled to it as it appears in the applicable register
for the debt securities or by wire transfer of funds to that person at an account maintained within the United States. All monies that we pay to a paying
agent or a trustee for the payment of the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, or interest on, any debt security will be repaid to us if unclaimed at the end of two years 15 Table of Contents after the obligation underlying payment becomes due and payable. After funds have been returned to us, the holder of the debt security may look only to us for payment, without payment of interest
for the period during which we hold the funds. Denomination, Interest, Registration and Transfer Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities of any series will be issuable in denominations of $1,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000. Interest on the debt securities shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of
twelve 30-day months. Subject to the limitations imposed upon debt securities that are evidenced by a
computerized entry in the records of a depository company rather than by physical delivery of a note, a holder of debt securities of any series may: • | exchange them for any authorized denomination of other debt securities of the same series and of a like aggregate principal amount and kind upon surrender of such debt securities at the corporate trust office of the applicable trustee or at the office of any transfer agent that we designate for such purpose; and • | surrender them for registration of transfer or exchange at the corporate trust office of the applicable trustee or at the office of any transfer agent that we designate for such purpose. Every debt security surrendered for registration of transfer
or exchange must be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer satisfactory to the applicable trustee or transfer agent. Payment of a service charge will not be required for any registration of transfer or exchange of any debt securities, but
we or the trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents for any series of debt securities. Neither we, nor any trustee, will be required to: • | issue, register the transfer of or exchange debt securities of any series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day that the notice of redemption of any debt securities selected for redemption is mailed and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing; • | register the transfer of or exchange any debt security, or portion thereof, so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt security being redeemed in part; and • | issue, register the transfer of or exchange any debt security that has been surrendered for repayment at the option of the holder, except the portion, if any, of such debt security not to be so repaid. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets The indentures provide that we may, without the consent of the holders of any outstanding debt securities, (i) consolidate with, (ii) sell,
lease or convey all or substantially all of our assets to, or (iii) merge with or into, any other entity provided that: • | either we are the continuing entity, or the successor entity, if other than us, assumes the obligations (a) to pay the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, all of the debt securities and (b) to duly perform and observe all of the covenants and conditions contained in the applicable indenture; • | after giving effect to the transaction, there is no event of default under the applicable indentures and no event which, after notice or the lapse of time, or both, would become such an event of default, occurs and continues; and • | an officers’ certificate and legal opinion covering such conditions are delivered to each applicable trustee. 16 Table of Contents Events of Default, Notice and Waiver Unless the applicable prospectus supplement states otherwise, when we refer to “events of default” as defined in the indentures with respect to any
series of debt securities, we mean: • | default in the payment of any installment of interest on any debt security of such series continuing for 90 days unless such date has been extended or deferred; • | default in the payment of principal of, or any premium or make-whole amount on, any debt security of such series when due and payable unless such date has been extended or deferred; • | default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty in the debt securities or in the indenture by us continuing for 90 days after written notice described below; • | bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of us; and • | any other event of default provided with respect to a particular series of debt securities. If an event of default occurs and is continuing with respect to debt securities of any series outstanding, then the applicable trustee
or the holders of 25% or more in principal amount of the debt securities of that series will have the right to declare the principal amount of all the debt securities of that series to be due and payable. If the debt securities of that series are
original issue discount securities or indexed securities, then the applicable trustee or the holders of 25% or more in principal amount of the debt securities of that series will have the right to declare the portion of the principal amount as may
be specified in the terms thereof to be due and payable. However, at any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the applicable trustee, the
holders of at least a majority in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of such series or of all debt securities then outstanding under the applicable indenture may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if: • | we have deposited with the applicable trustee all required payments of the principal, any premium or make-whole amount, interest and, to the extent permitted by law, interest on overdue installment of interest, plus applicable fees, expenses, disbursements and advances of the applicable trustee; and • | all events of default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal, or a specified portion thereof, and any premium or make-whole amount, have been cured or waived. The indentures require each
trustee to give notice to the holders of debt securities within the later of 90 days after an event of default and 30 days after the event of default is actually known to a responsible officer of such trustee, unless such default has been cured or
waived. However, the trustee may withhold notice if specified persons of such trustee consider such withholding to be in the interest of the holders of debt securities. The indentures provide that holders of debt securities of any series may not institute any proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to such indenture
or for any remedy under the indenture, unless the trustee fails to act for a period of 90 days after the trustee has received a written request to institute proceedings in respect of an event of default from the holders of 25% or more in principal
amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, as well as an offer of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee. However, this provision will not prevent any holder of debt securities from instituting suit for the enforcement of
payment of the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, such debt securities at the respective due dates thereof. The
indentures provide that, subject to provisions in each indenture relating to its duties in the case of a default, a trustee has no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers at the request or direction of any holders of any series of debt
securities then outstanding under the indenture, unless the holders have offered to the trustee reasonable security or indemnity. The holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series or of all debt
securities then outstanding under an indenture shall have the right to direct 17 Table of Contents the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the applicable trustee, or of exercising any trust or power conferred upon such trustee. However, a trustee may
refuse to follow any direction which: • | is in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; • | may involve the trustee in personal liability; or • | may be unduly prejudicial to the holders of debt securities of the series not joining the proceeding. Within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, we will be required to deliver to each trustee a certificate, signed by one of our
several specified officers, stating whether or not that officer has knowledge of any default under the applicable indenture. If the officer has knowledge of any default, the notice must specify the nature and status of the default. Modification of the Indentures The indentures provide
that modifications and amendments may be made only with the consent of the affected holders of a majority in principal amount of all outstanding debt securities issued under that indenture. We and our respective trustee may make modifications and amendments of an indenture without the consent of any holder of debt securities for any of the
following purposes: to evidence the succession of another person to us as obligor under such indenture; • | to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities; • | to add to our covenants for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us in such indenture; • | to add events of default for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities; • | to add to, delete from, or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication, and delivery of debt securities; • | to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any securityholder in any material respect; • | to establish the form or terms of debt securities of any series; • | to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee or facilitate the administration of the trusts under an indenture by more than one trustee; or • | to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in an indenture, provided that such action shall not adversely affect the interests of holders of debt securities of any series issued under such indenture. Voting The indentures provide that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding debt securities of a series have given any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under the indentures or whether a quorum is present at a meeting of holders of debt securities, the principal amount of an original issue discount security that shall be deemed to
be outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof. Subordination Unless otherwise provided in the
applicable prospectus supplement, subordinated debt securities will be subject to the following subordination provisions. 18 Table of Contents Upon any distribution to our creditors in a liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the payment of the
principal of and interest on any subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to the extent provided in the applicable indenture in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all senior debt. However, our obligation to make payments of
the principal of and interest on such subordinated debt securities otherwise will not be affected. No payment of principal or interest will be permitted to be made on subordinated debt securities at any time if a default on senior debt exists that
permits the holders of such senior debt to accelerate its maturity and the default is the subject of judicial proceedings or we receive notice of the default. After all senior debt is paid in full and until the subordinated debt securities are paid
in full, holders of subordinated debt securities will be subrogated to the rights of holders of senior debt to the extent that distributions otherwise payable to holders of subordinated debt securities have been applied to the payment of senior
debt. The subordinated indenture will not restrict the amount of senior debt or other indebtedness of ours. As a result of these subordination provisions, in the event of a distribution of assets upon insolvency, holders of subordinated debt
securities may recover less, ratably, than our general creditors. No restrictions will be included in any indenture relating to subordinated debt
securities upon the creation of additional senior debt. If this prospectus is being delivered in connection with the offering of a series of subordinated
debt securities, the accompanying prospectus supplement or the information incorporated in this prospectus by reference will set forth the approximate amount of senior debt outstanding as of the end of our most recent fiscal quarter. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance Unless
otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the indentures allow us to discharge our obligations to holders of any series of debt securities issued under any indenture when: either (i) all securities of such series have already been delivered to the applicable trustee for cancellation; or (ii) all securities of such
series have not already been delivered to the applicable trustee for cancellation but (a) have become due and payable, (b) will become due and payable within one year, or (c) if redeemable at our option, are to be redeemed within one
year, and we have irrevocably deposited with the applicable trustee, in trust, funds in such currency or currencies, currency unit or units or composite currency or currencies in which such debt securities are payable, an amount sufficient to pay
the entire indebtedness on such debt securities • | in respect of principal and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest to the date of such deposit if such debt securities have become due and payable or, if they have not, to the stated maturity or redemption date; • | we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable; and • | an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel stating the conditions to discharging the debt securities have been satisfied has been delivered to the trustee. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the
indentures provide that, upon our irrevocable deposit with the applicable trustee, in trust, of an amount, in such currency or currencies, currency unit or units or composite currency or currencies in which such debt securities are payable at stated
maturity, or government obligations, or both, applicable to such debt securities, which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of, and
any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, such debt securities, and any mandatory sinking fund or analogous payments thereon, on the scheduled due dates therefor, the issuing company shall be released from its obligations with respect to
such debt securities under the applicable indenture or, if provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, its obligations with respect to any other covenant, and any omission to comply with such obligations shall not constitute an event of
default with respect to such debt securities. Notwithstanding the above, we may not elect to defease and be discharged from the obligation to pay any
additional amounts upon the occurrence of particular events of tax, assessment or governmental charge with 19 Table of Contents respect to payments on such debt securities and the obligations to register the transfer or exchange of such debt securities, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen debt
securities, to maintain an office or agency in respect of such debt securities, or to hold monies for payment in trust. The applicable prospectus
supplement may further describe the provisions, if any, permitting such defeasance or covenant defeasance, including any modifications to the provisions described above, with respect to the debt securities of or within a particular series. Conversion Rights The terms and conditions, if any, upon
which the debt securities are convertible into common stock or other securities of ours will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms will include whether the debt securities are convertible into shares of common stock or
other securities of ours, the conversion price, or manner of calculation thereof, the conversion period, provisions as to whether conversion will be at the issuing company’s option or the option of the holders, the events requiring an
adjustment of the conversion price and provisions affecting conversion in the event of the redemption of the debt securities and any restrictions on conversion. No Recourse No recourse shall be had under any
obligation, covenant or agreement of ours in the senior indenture or any supplemental indenture, or in any of the debt securities or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, against any of our incorporators, stockholders,
officers or directors, past, present or future, or of any predecessor or successor entity thereof under any law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise. Each
holder, by accepting the debt securities, waives and releases all such liability. Governing Law The indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the
Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 20 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and
provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular
terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we indicate in the prospectus supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below.
Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. General We may issue warrants for the purchase of common
stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or together with common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from these securities. We will evidence each series of warrants by warrant certificates that we will issue under a separate warrant agreement. We will enter into the warrant
agreement with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants, including: • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreement and the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the periods during which, and places at which, the warrants are exercisable; • | the manner of exercise; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the manner in which the warrant agreement and warrants may be modified; • | federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. 21 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in any combination. We may issue units in such
amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section outlines certain provisions of the units that we may issue. If we issue units, they will be issued under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other
financial institution, as unit agent. The information described in this section may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms
of any series of units offered will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a particular supplement, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of terms presented below. We urge
you to read any prospectus supplement related to any series of units we may offer, as well as the complete unit agreement and unit certificate that contain the terms of the units. If we issue units, forms of unit agreements and unit certificates
relating to such units will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. Each unit that we may
issue will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a
unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement may describe: • | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; • | any provisions of the governing unit agreement; • | the price or prices at which such units will be issued; • | the applicable United States federal income tax considerations relating to the units; • | any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and • | any other terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description of Debt
Securities” and “Description of Warrants” will apply to the securities included in each unit, to the extent relevant and as may be updated in any prospectus supplements. Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts
and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section summarizes terms of the units that apply generally to all series. Most of the financial and other specific terms of a particular series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unit Agreements We will issue the units
under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit agent. We may add, replace or terminate unit agents from time to time. We will identify the unit agreement under which each series of
units will be issued and the unit agent under that agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. 22 Table of Contents The following provisions will generally apply to all unit agreements unless otherwise stated in the
applicable prospectus supplement: Modification without Consent We and the applicable unit agent may amend any unit or unit agreement without the consent of any holder: • | to cure any ambiguity, including modifying any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; • | to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision; or • | to make any other change that we believe is necessary or desirable and will not adversely affect the interests of the affected holders in any material respect. We do not need any approval to make changes that affect only units to be issued after the
changes take effect. We may also make changes that do not adversely affect a particular unit in any material respect, even if they adversely affect other units in a material respect. In those cases, we do not need to obtain the approval of the
holder of the unaffected unit; we need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected units. Modification with Consent We may not amend any particular unit or a unit agreement with respect to any particular unit unless we obtain the consent of the holder of that
unit, if the amendment would: • | impair any right of the holder to exercise or enforce any right under a security included in the unit if the terms of that security require the consent of the holder to any changes that would impair the exercise or enforcement of that right; or • | reduce the percentage of outstanding units or any series or class the consent of whose holders is required to amend that series or class, or the applicable unit agreement with respect to that series or class, as described below. Any other change
to a particular unit agreement and the units issued under that agreement would require the following approval: • | If the change affects only the units of a particular series issued under that agreement, the change must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of that series; or • | If the change affects the units of more than one series issued under that agreement, it must be approved by the holders of a majority of all outstanding units of all series affected by the change, with the units of all the affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. These provisions regarding changes with majority approval also apply to changes affecting any securities issued under a unit agreement, as the governing
document. In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. Unit Agreements Will Not Be Qualified under Trust Indenture Act No unit agreement will be qualified as an indenture, and no unit agent will be required to qualify as a trustee, under the Trust Indenture Act. Therefore,
holders of units issued under unit agreements will not have the protections of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to their units. Mergers and
Similar Transactions Permitted; No Restrictive Covenants or Events of Default The unit agreements will not restrict our ability to merge or
consolidate with, or sell our assets to, another corporation or other entity or to engage in any other transactions. If at any time we merge or consolidate with, or 23 Table of Contents sell our assets substantially as an entirety to, another corporation or other entity, the successor entity will succeed to and assume our obligations under the unit agreements. We will then be
relieved of any further obligation under these agreements. The unit agreements will not include any restrictions on our ability to put liens on our
assets, nor will they restrict our ability to sell our assets. The unit agreements also will not provide for any events of default or remedies upon the occurrence of any events of default. Governing Law The unit agreements and the units
will be governed by Delaware law. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue each unit in global—i.e., book-entry—form only. Units in book-entry form will be represented by a global security registered in the
name of a depositary, which will be the holder of all the units represented by the global security. Those who own beneficial interests in a unit will do so through participants in the depositary’s system, and the rights of these indirect owners
will be governed solely by the applicable procedures of the depositary and its participants. We will describe book-entry securities, and other terms regarding the issuance and registration of the units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit and all securities comprising the unit will be issued in the same form. If we issue any units in registered, non-global form, the following will apply to them. The units will be issued in
the denominations stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Holders may exchange their units for units of smaller denominations or combined into fewer units of larger denominations, as long as the total amount is not changed. • | Holders may exchange or transfer their units at the office of the unit agent. Holders may also replace lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated units at that office. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. • | Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their units, but they may be required to pay for any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange, and any replacement, will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder’s proof of legal ownership. The transfer agent may also require an indemnity before replacing any units. • | If we have the right to redeem, accelerate or settle any units before their maturity, and we exercise our right as to less than all those units or other securities, we may block the exchange or transfer of those units during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of exercise and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers of or exchange any unit selected for early settlement, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unsettled portion of any unit being partially settled. We may also block the transfer or exchange of any unit in this manner if the unit includes securities that are or may be selected for early settlement. Only the depositary will be entitled to transfer or exchange a unit in global form, since it will be the sole holder of the unit. Payments and Notices In making payments and
giving notices with respect to our units, we will follow the procedures as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 24 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell securities: • | through underwriters; • | through dealers; • | through agents; • | directly to purchasers; or • | through a combination of any of these methods or any other method permitted by law. In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders. We may directly solicit offers to purchase securities, or agents may be designated to solicit such offers. In the prospectus supplement relating to such
offering, we will name any agent that could be viewed as an underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any commissions that we must pay to any such agent. Any such agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment
or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, on a firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used in connection with any offering of our securities through any of these methods or other methods described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. The distribution of the securities may be effected from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price, or prices, which may be changed from time to time; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution of the securities and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including the
following: • | the name of the agent or any underwriters; • | the public offering or purchase price; • | any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to the agent or underwriters; • | all other items constituting underwriting compensation; • | any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to dealers; and • | any exchanges on which the securities will be listed. If any underwriters or agents are used in the sale of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we will enter into an underwriting
agreement, sales agreement or other agreement with them at the time of sale to them, and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to such offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of the related agreement with
them. In connection with the offering of securities, we may grant to the underwriters an option to purchase additional securities with an additional
underwriting commission, as may be set forth in the accompanying prospectus supplement. If we grant any such option, the terms of such option will be set forth in the prospectus supplement for such securities. 25 Table of Contents If a dealer is used in the sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is delivered, we will
sell such securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer, who may be deemed to be an “underwriter” as that term is defined in the Securities Act, may then resell such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by such
dealer at the time of resale. If we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders, we may enter into a standby
underwriting agreement with dealers, acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement, we
may retain a dealer- manager to manage a subscription rights offering for us. Agents, underwriters, dealers and other persons may be entitled under agreements which they may enter into with us to indemnification by us against certain civil
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to solicit offers by certain
institutions to purchase securities from us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each contract will be for an amount not less than, and the aggregate amount of
securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when authorized, may be made include commercial and savings banks,
insurance companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will not be subject to any conditions except
that: • | the purchase by an institution of the securities covered under that contract shall not at the time of delivery be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which that institution is subject; and • | if the securities are also being sold to underwriters acting as principals for their own account, the underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold for delayed delivery. The underwriters and other persons acting as our agents will not have any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of delayed delivery contracts. Offered securities may also be offered and sold, if so indicated in the prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon
their purchase, in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more remarketing firms, acting as principals for their own accounts or as agents for us. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the
terms of its agreement, if any, with us and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Remarketing firms may be deemed to be underwriters in connection with their remarketing of offered securities. Certain agents, underwriters and dealers, and their associates and affiliates, may be customers of, have borrowing relationships with, engage in other
transactions with, or perform services, including investment banking services, for us or one or more of our respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the offering of the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of
the securities or any other securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any underwriters may overallot in connection with the offering, creating a short position for their own accounts. In
addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the price of the securities or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, the securities or any such other securities in the open market. Finally, in any offering of
the securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed
securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any such underwriters
are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. 26 Table of Contents We may engage in at the market offerings into an existing trading market in accordance with Rule 415(a)(4)
under the Securities Act. In addition, we may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement so
indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by us
or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party
in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus, will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial
institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in our
securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange
Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable prospectus supplement may provide that the original issue date for your
securities may be more than two scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you wish to trade securities on any date prior to the second business day before the original issue date for your
securities, you will be required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are expected to settle in more than two scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a
failed settlement. The securities may be new issues of securities and may have no established trading market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national securities exchange. We can make no assurance as to the liquidity of or the existence
of trading markets for any of the securities. The specific terms of any lock-up provisions in respect of any
given offering will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The underwriters, dealers and agents may engage in transactions with us, or
perform services for us, in the ordinary course of business for which they receive compensation. The anticipated date of delivery of offered securities
will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to each offer. 27 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Goodwin Procter LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Any underwriters will also be
advised about the validity of the securities and other legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in the prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.’s internal control
over financial reporting have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. Certain information in
the registration statement has been omitted from this prospectus in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We are subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These documents also may be accessed through the SEC’s electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system, or EDGAR, via electronic means, including the SEC’s home page on the
Internet (www.sec.gov ). We have the authority to designate and issue more than one class or series of stock having various preferences, conversion
and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption. See “Description of Capital Stock.” We will furnish a full statement of the relative rights and preferences
of each class or series of our stock which has been so designated and any restrictions on the ownership or transfer of our stock to any stockholder upon request and without charge. Written requests for such copies should be directed to Intellia
Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: Investor Relations / Corporate Secretary; telephone: (857) 285-6200. Information contained on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this prospectus and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed from, our website as part of this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference the information and reports we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by
referring you to these documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information already incorporated by
reference. We are incorporating by reference the documents listed below, which we have already filed with the SEC (SEC File No. 001-37766), and any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections
13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including all filings made after the date of the filing of this registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement, except as to any portion of any future report or
document that is not deemed filed under such provisions until we sell all of the securities: • | Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2019; • | The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (other than information furnished rather than filed), which was filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019; 28 Table of Contents • | Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the quarters ended March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019 , filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019 and August 1, 2019, respectively; • | Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2019 , April 5, 2019 and May 22, 2019 ; and • | The description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016 under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. Upon request, we will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, a copy of the
documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus. You may request a copy of these filings, and any exhibits we have specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this prospectus, at no cost by
writing or telephoning us at the following address: Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: Investor Relations / Corporate Secretary; telephone: (857) 285-6200. You may also access these documents, free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or
on our website at www.intelliatx.com . Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed from, our website as part of this
prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. We have incorporated
exhibits into this registration statement. You should read the exhibits carefully for provisions that may be important to you. You should rely only on
the information incorporated by reference or provided in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the
offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus or in the documents incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus or those documents. 29 Table of Contents $300,000,000 Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt Securities Warrants Units PROSPECTUS , 2019 We have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any information or represent anything not contained in this prospectus. You must not
rely on any unauthorized information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. This prospectus does not offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful. Neither the delivery
of this prospectus, nor any sale made hereunder, shall create any implication that the information in this prospectus is correct after the date hereof. Table of Contents PROSPECTUS Up to $150,000,000 of Shares Common Stock We have entered into an
Open Market Sale Agreement SM , or the Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, relating to shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, offered by this prospectus. In
accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $150,000,000 from time to time through Jefferies, acting as sales agent. Sales of the shares of common
stock, if any, may be made on the Nasdaq Global Market at market prices and such other sales as agreed upon by us and Jefferies, as the case may be. Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA.” On August 19, 2019, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was $17.45 per share. Sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus may be made in sales deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Jefferies is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of securities, but will act as sales agent on a best efforts basis and use commercially
reasonable efforts to sell on our behalf all of the shares of common stock requested to be sold by us, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between us and Jefferies. There is no arrangement for funds to be
received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. Jefferies will be entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of 3.0% of the gross sales
price per common share sold under the Sales Agreement. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page 26 for additional information regarding the compensation to be paid to Jefferies. In connection with the sale of our common stock on our
behalf, Jefferies will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of Jefferies will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide indemnification
and contribution to Jefferies with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See the information contained under “ Risk Factors ”
beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Jefferies The date of
this prospectus is , 2019. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Page
About This Prospectus | 1
Prospectus Summary | 3
The Offering | 5
Risk Factors | 6
Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements | 11
Use of Proceeds | 13
Dividend Policy | 14
Dilution | 15
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders | 17
Description of Capital Stock | 21
Plan of Distribution | 26
Legal Matters | 28
Experts | 28
Where You Can Find More Information | 28
Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference | 28 We are responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in any accompanying
prospectus, and in any related free writing prospectus we prepare or authorize. We have not authorized anyone to give you any other information, and we take no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. If you are in a
jurisdiction where offers to sell, or solicitations of offers to purchase, the securities offered by this documentation are unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the offer presented in this
document does not extend to you. The information contained in this document speaks only as of the date of this document, unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies. Our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). Under the shelf registration process, we may offer shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $150,000,000 from time to time under this prospectus at prices and on terms to be determined by
market conditions at the time of the offering. If the information contained in this prospectus differs or varies from the information contained in any
document incorporated by reference herein that was filed with the SEC before the date of this prospectus, you should rely on the information set forth in this prospectus. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in
another document having a later date (for example, a subsequently filed document deemed incorporated by reference in this prospectus), the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. Any statement so
modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. You should rely only on the
information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We have not, and the sales agent has not, authorized anyone to provide you with information that is in addition to or different from that contained or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus or contained in any permitted free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with this offering. We and the sales agent take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any
other information that others may provide. The information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein is accurate
only as of their respective dates, regardless of the time of delivery of any such document or the time of any sale of our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. It is
important for you to read and consider all information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus in making your investment decision. You should read this prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference herein, the
additional information described under the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” in this prospectus and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for
use in connection with this offering, before investing in our common stock. We further note that the representations, warranties and covenants made by us
in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference in this prospectus were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among
the parties to such agreements, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly, such representations,
warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. We use various trademarks, trade names and
service marks in our business, including without limitation our corporate name and logo. All other trademarks, trade names or service marks referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the
trademarks, trade names and service marks in this prospectus may be referred to without the ® , ™ and SM symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. This prospectus
and the documents incorporated by reference herein also contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets,
and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may
differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, 1 Table of Contents business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications,
government data and similar sources. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where such
offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus and the offering of our common stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform
themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of our common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. This prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to
sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation. Unless the context suggests otherwise, all references in this prospectus and any free writing prospectus to “us,” “our,” “Intellia
Therapeutics,” “we,” the “Company” and similar designations refer to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. and, where appropriate, our subsidiary. 2 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information about us and this offering and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before
investing in our securities. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully read the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including the sections titled “Risk Factors” and the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Our Company We are a genome editing company focused on developing curative therapeutics utilizing a biological tool known as CRISPR/Cas9, which stands for Clustered,
Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (“CRISPR”)/CRISPR associated 9 (“Cas9”). This is a technology for genome editing, the process of altering selected sequences of genomic deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”). We
believe that CRISPR/Cas9 technology has the potential to transform medicine by editing disease-associated genes with a single treatment course, and that it can also be used to create novel engineered cell therapies that can replace a patient’s
diseased cells or effectively target various cancers and autoimmune diseases. We leverage our leading scientific expertise, clinical development experience and intellectual property position to unlock a broad set of therapeutic applications for
CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing and to develop a potential new class of therapeutic products. Our mission is to build a company to develop curative genome
editing treatments that can positively transform the lives of people living with severe and life-threatening disease. We believe we can deliver on our mission and provide long-term benefits for all of our stakeholders by focusing on the following
key elements: • | Develop curative CRISPR/Cas9 based medicines; • | Advance our science to help more patients; • | Foster an environment that is the best place to make therapies; and • | Focus on long-term sustainability. Our strategy is to build a full-spectrum genome editing company, by leveraging our CRISPR/Cas9 platform across two areas: in
vivo applications, in which CRISPR/Cas9 is the therapy, delivered to target cells within the body; and ex vivo applications, in which CRISPR/Cas9 creates the therapy of engineered human cells. The breadth of our CRISPR/Cas9 platform and delivery technology allows us to pursue a multitude of therapeutic targets/clinical indications. Specifically, we
can target diseases that have the potential to be addressed by directly editing specific genes (i.e., gene knockout, repair, or insertion) as well as diseases that may be targeted by genetically engineered cell therapies. The successful treatment of
these disorders may require various types of genome edits, CRISPR/Cas9 elements and DNA templates. We have assembled multiple in vivo and engineered cell therapy capabilities into an early pipeline that reflects our full-spectrum approach and
leverages the modularity inherent in our platform. Our pipeline includes in vivo proprietary programs targeting genetic diseases, including
transthyretin amyloidosis, which we are co-developing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, and other disorders such as primary
hyperoxaluria. Our pipeline also includes ex vivo programs consisting of two separate efforts: 1) a set of proprietary programs focused on engineered cell therapies to treat various cancers and autoimmune diseases, and 2)
partnered programs developed in collaboration with Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc., focused on chimeric antigen receptor T cells, hematopoietic stem cells, the stem cells from which all of the various types of blood cells
originate, and stem cells in the eye, or ocular stem cells. 3 Table of Contents Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in May 2014 under the name AZRN, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 40 Erie
Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Our telephone number is (857) 285-6200, and our website is located at www.intelliatx.com . No portion of our website is incorporated by reference into
this prospectus. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus. Our common
stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA”. We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including without
limitation our corporate name and logo. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this prospectus may be referred to
without the ® and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not
assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 4 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us: | Shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $150,000,000. Common stock to be outstanding after this offering: | Up to 56,310,563 shares (as more fully described in the notes following this table), assuming sales of 8,595,988 shares of our common stock in this offering at an offering price of $17.45 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 19, 2019. The actual number of shares issued will vary depending on the sales price under this offering. Manner of offering: | “At the market offering” that may be made from time to time on the Nasdaq Global Market or other existing trading market for our common stock through our sales agent, Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies. See “Plan of Distribution” on page 26 of this prospectus. Use of proceeds: | Our management will retain broad discretion regarding the allocation and use of the net proceeds. We currently intend to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, to fund research and clinical development of current or additional pipeline candidates, working capital, capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds.” Risk factors: | Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and under similar headings in the documents incorporated by reference herein for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Global Market symbol: | “NTLA” All information in this prospectus related to the number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding immediately
after this offering is based on 47,714,575 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2019. The number of shares outstanding as of June 30, 2019 excludes: • | 5,315,496 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of June 30, 2019, at a weighted average exercise price of $15.61 per share; • | 131,010 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options granted subsequent to June 30, 2019, at a weighted average exercise price of $17.85 per share; • | 4,311,445 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan and our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of June 30, 2019; and • | 1,141,411 shares of common stock issued in a series of sales in accordance with the October 2018 “at-the-market” program since June 30, 2019. Unless otherwise stated, all information contained in this prospectus assumes no exercise of stock options after June 30, 2019 and reflects an assumed
public offering price of $17.45, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 19, 2019. 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below
and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, each of which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and all of the other information in this prospectus,
including our financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference herein. If any of these risks is realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could result in a complete loss of your investment. Risks Related to This
Offering and Our Common Stock The price of our common stock historically has been volatile, which may affect the price at which you could sell
any shares of our common stock. The market price for our common stock historically has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to
wide fluctuations in response to various factors. The market price for our common stock has varied between a high price of $32.95 on September 20, 2018 and a low price of $11.03 on December 24, 2018 in the twelve-month period ending on
August 19, 2019. This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell the shares of our common stock, and the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our stock price is
likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including: • | the success of our or competing products or technologies; • | results of clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; • | developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; • | regulatory or legal developments in the United States, or U.S., and other countries; • | the recruitment or departure of key personnel; • | the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs; • | the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products; • | actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; • | variations in our financial results or the financial results of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; • | sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares; • | changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; • | market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; • | public perception of the safety of genome editing based therapeutics; • | general economic, industry and market conditions; and • | the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section. 6 Table of Contents In addition, companies trading in the stock market in general, and in the Nasdaq Global Market in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our
common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us,
could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. We have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash and may not use them effectively. Our management will have broad discretion over the application of the net proceeds from this offering, including for any of the purposes described in the
section titled “Use of Proceeds,” as well as our existing cash, and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding such application. You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether
the proceeds are being used effectively. Our management might not apply the net proceeds or our existing cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If we do not invest or apply the net proceeds from this offering or our
existing cash in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in short-term U.S. Treasury securities
with insignificant rates of return. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. If you purchase our common stock in
this offering, you may incur immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value of your shares. The offering price per share in
this offering may exceed the net tangible book value per share of our common stock outstanding prior to this offering. Assuming that an aggregate of 8,595,988 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $17.45 per share, the last reported
sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 19, 2019, for aggregate gross proceeds of $149,999,991, and after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, you would experience immediate
dilution of $9.88 per share, representing the difference between our as adjusted net tangible book value per share as of June 30, 2019 after giving effect to this offering at the assumed offering price. The exercise of outstanding stock
options and warrants would result in further dilution of your investment. This dilution would be due to the substantially lower price paid by some of our
investors who purchased shares prior to this offering as compared to the price offered to the public in this offering and the exercise of stock options granted to our employees, directors and consultants. In addition, we have a significant number of
stock options outstanding. The exercise of any of these outstanding options would result in further dilution. As a result of the dilution to investors purchasing shares in this offering, investors may receive significantly less than the purchase
price paid in this offering, if anything, in the event of our liquidation. Further, because we expect we will need to raise additional capital to fund our future activities, we may in the future sell substantial amounts of common stock or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for common stock. Future issuances of common stock or common stock-related securities, together with the exercise of
outstanding stock options, if any, may result in further dilution. For a further description of the dilution that you will experience immediately after this offering, see the section titled “Dilution.” Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in
additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. Additional capital will be needed in
the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell 7 Table of Contents common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. These sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior
to our existing stockholders. In addition, sales of a substantial number of shares of our outstanding common stock in the public market could occur at
any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. Persons who were our stockholders prior to our initial
public offering continue to hold a substantial number of shares of our common stock that many of them are now able to sell in the public market. Significant portions of these shares are held by a relatively small number of stockholders. Sales by our
stockholders of a substantial number of shares, or the expectation that such sales may occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and, if they choose to act together, will be able to control or
exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. As of June 30, 2019, our executive officers, directors, five
percent or greater stockholders and their affiliates beneficially owned approximately 59.5% of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders may have the ability to influence us through their ownership positions. These stockholders may be able to
determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders, acting together, may be able to control elections of directors or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent
or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price
of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the
sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely impact its price. As of June 30, 2019, we had outstanding 47,714,575 shares of our common stock and options to purchase 5,315,496 shares of our common stock (of which
2,165,526 were exercisable as of that date). The sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock price and
trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or
industry analysts publish about us or our business. Securities and industry analysts may not publish an adequate amount of research on us, which may negatively impact the trading price for our stock. In addition, if one or more of the analysts who
cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. Further, if our operating results fail to meet the forecasts of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If
one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 8 Table of Contents Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future,
capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently
intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our
common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. We could be subject to significant legal proceedings which may adversely
affect our results of operations or financial condition. We are subject to the risk of litigation, derivative claims, securities class actions,
regulatory and governmental investigations and other proceedings, including proceedings arising from investor dissatisfaction with us or our performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company
following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. In addition, if any
individuals acting on our behalf fails to satisfy his or her relevant legal or contractual duties, we could have liability to third parties, including the government or investors. If any claims were brought against us and resulted in a finding of
substantial legal liability, the finding could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously adversely impact our business. Allegations of
improper conduct by private litigants or regulators, regardless of veracity, also may harm our reputation and adversely impact our ability to grow our business. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
management’s attention and resources, which could harm our business. Changes in tax law may adversely affect our business and financial
condition. The laws and rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are routinely being reviewed and modified by governmental
bodies, officials and regulatory agencies, including the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, and the U.S. Treasury Department. Since the Company was founded in 2014, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the
future. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, was significantly reformed to, among other things, change the U.S. federal tax rates, impose significant additional limitations on the
deductibility of interest and net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, allow for the expensing of capital expenditures, and effectuate the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation to a territorial system. We continue to examine
the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form, or with what effective dates, tax laws, regulations and rulings may be enacted, promulgated or issued, which could result in an
increase in our or our shareholders’ tax liability. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes
may be limited. We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future, and we may never
achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. As of December 31, 2018, we had federal and state NOLs
of $128.2 million and $117.0 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2034. As of December 31, 2018, we had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $7.5 million and
$4.8 million, which begin to expire in 2034 and 2030, respectively. Our net deferred tax assets and liabilities have been revalued at the newly enacted U.S. corporate rate. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an
“ownership change,” generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research and development tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may have
experienced 9 Table of Contents ownership changes in the past and may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of our initial public offering in May of 2016, follow-on offerings and/or subsequent shifts in our stock ownership (some of which shifts are outside our control). As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs and research
and development tax credits to offset such taxable income and income tax, respectively, could be subject to limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply. As a result, even if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use a
material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes. NOLs generated in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017 are not subject to expiration. The market price of our common stock may be adversely affected by market conditions affecting the stock markets in general, including price and trading
fluctuations on the Nasdaq Global Market. Market conditions may result in volatility in the level of, and fluctuations in, market prices of stocks
generally and, in turn, our common stock and sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the market, in each case being unrelated or disproportionate to changes in our operating performance. Concerns over global stability and economic
conditions in the U.S. and abroad have contributed to the extreme volatility of the markets, which may have an effect on the market price of our common stock. 10 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the information and documents incorporated by reference herein, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are
often, but are not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms, or similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements
involve estimates, assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed
throughout this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, and in particular those factors referenced in the section “Risk Factors.” This prospectus, any related free writing prospectus and the information and documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: • | the initiation, timing, progress and results of our research and development programs and future preclinical and clinical studies, including the anticipated timing of an investigational new drug application for transthyretin amyloidosis, our lead in vivo indication, and acute myeloid leukemia, our lead ex vivo indication; • | our ability to use a modular platform capability or other strategy to efficiently discover and develop product candidates, including by applying learnings from one program to other programs; • | our ability to research, develop or maintain a pipeline of product candidates; • | our ability to manufacture or obtain material for our preclinical and clinical studies, and our product candidates; • | our ability to advance any product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical studies, including clinical studies necessary for regulatory approval and commercialization, and to demonstrate to the regulators that the product candidates are safe, effective, pure and potent and that their benefits outweigh known and potential risks for the intended patient population; • | our ability to advance our genome editing and therapeutic delivery capabilities; • | the scope of protection we are able to develop, establish and maintain for intellectual property rights, including patents and license rights, covering our product candidates and technology; • | our ability to operate, including commercializing products, without infringing or breaching the proprietary or contractual rights of others; • | the issuance or enforcement of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements and guidance regarding preclinical and clinical studies relevant to genome editing and our product candidates; • | the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; • | the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; • | the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; • | the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; 11 Table of Contents • | estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; • | the potential benefits of strategic collaboration agreements and our ability to enter into strategic arrangements; • | our ability to maintain and establish collaborations with third parties under favorable terms; • | our ability to acquire and maintain relevant intellectual property licenses and rights, and the scope and terms of such rights; • | our expected uses of the net proceeds from any offering of our securities; • | our financial performance or ability to obtain additional funding; and • | developments relating to our licensors, licensees, third parties from which we derive rights, collaborators, competitors and our industry. These forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance due to a
variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including, without limitation the risk factors and cautionary
statements described in other documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically under “Item 1A: Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and the section of the prospectus titled “Risk Factors.” The forward-looking statements in this prospectus, any related free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference represent our views as of
their respective dates. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we assume no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the dates on which they were made. This prospectus, any related free writing prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference also contain estimates, projections and other information
concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates,
forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly
stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and
similar sources. 12 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate sales proceeds of up to $150.0 million from time to time. Because there is no minimum
offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. There can be no assurance that we will sell any shares under or fully
utilize our sales agreement with Jefferies as a source of financing. We currently intend to use potential proceeds from this offering, together with our
existing cash and cash equivalents, to fund research and clinical development of current or additional pipeline candidates, working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. The expected use of the net proceeds from this offering
represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions, which could change in the future as our plans and business conditions evolve. The amounts and timing of our actual expenditures will depend on numerous factors,
including the factors described under “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, as well as the amount of cash used in our operations. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net
proceeds for other purposes, and we will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds. Pending the uses described above, we plan to invest the net proceeds from this offering in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing
obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 13 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and
development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. 14 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in our common stock in this offering, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price
per share of our common stock in this offering and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. The net tangible book value of our common stock as of June 30, 2019 was approximately
$276.9 million, or approximately $5.80 per share of common stock based upon 47,714,575 shares outstanding. Net tangible book value per share is equal to our total tangible assets, less our total liabilities, divided by the total number of
shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2019. Net tangible book value dilution per share to investors participating in this offering
represents the difference between the amount per share paid by purchasers of shares of common stock in this offering and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. After giving effect to
the assumed sale of 8,595,988 shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed public offering price of $17.45 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 19, 2019, and after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of June 30, 2019 would have been approximately $426.4 million, or approximately $7.57 per
share of common stock. This would represent an immediate increase in as adjusted net tangible book value of $1.77 per share to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution in net tangible book value of $9.88 per share to investors
participating in this offering at the public offering price. Dilution per share to new investors is determined by subtracting as adjusted net tangible
book value per share after this offering from the assumed public offering price per share paid by new investors. The following table illustrates this per share dilution to new investors: Assumed public offering price per share | $ | 17.45
Historical net tangible book value per share as of June 30, 2019 | $ | 5.80
Increase in net tangible book value per share attributable to the offering | 1.77
As adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering | 7.57
Dilution in net tangible book value per share to investors participating in this offering | $ | 9.88 The table above assumes for illustrative purposes that an aggregate of $150.0 million in shares of our common stock
are sold at a price of $17.45 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 19, 2019. The shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at various prices. An increase
of $1.00 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $17.45 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $150.0 million is sold at that
price, would increase our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to $7.63 per share and would increase the dilution in net tangible book value per share to investors participating in this offering to $10.82 per share, after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us. A decrease of $1.00 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $17.45 per share shown in
the table above, assuming all of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $150.0 million is sold at that price, would decrease our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to $7.50 per share and would decrease
the dilution in net tangible book value per share to investors participating in this offering to $8.95 per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us. The information discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at
pricing. 15 Table of Contents The table and discussion above are based on 47,714,575 shares of common stock outstanding. The number of
shares outstanding as of June 30, 2019 excludes: • | 5,315,496 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of June 30, 2019, at a weighted average exercise price of $15.61 per share; • | 131,010 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options granted subsequent to June 30, 2019, at a weighted average exercise price of $17.85 per share; • | 4,311,445 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan and our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of June 30, 2019; and • | 1,141,411 shares of common stock issued in a series of sales in accordance with the October 2018 “at-the-market” program since June 30, 2019. To the extent that any options are exercised, new options are issued under our Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan or 2016 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan, or we otherwise issue additional shares of common stock in the future (including shares issued in connection with acquisitions), there will be further dilution to new investors. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for
our current or future operating plans. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders. 16 Table of Contents MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax
considerations applicable to non-U.S. holders (as defined below) with respect to their ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock issued pursuant to this offering. For purposes of this
discussion, a non-U.S. holder means a beneficial owner of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • | a non-resident alien individual; • | a foreign corporation or any other foreign organization taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or; • | a foreign estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis. This discussion does not address the tax treatment of partnerships or other entities that are pass-through entities for U.S. federal
income tax purposes or persons that hold their common stock through partnerships or other pass-through entities. A partner in a partnership or other pass-through entity that will hold our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisor
regarding the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of our common stock through a partnership or other pass-through entity, as applicable. This discussion is based on current provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, existing and proposed
U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, current administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as in effect as of the date of this prospectus and all of which are subject to change or to differing interpretation, possibly with
retroactive effect. Any such change or differing interpretation could alter the tax consequences to non-U.S. holders described in this prospectus. There can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue
Service, which we refer to as the IRS, will not challenge one or more of the tax consequences described. We assume in this discussion that a non-U.S. holder holds shares of our common stock as a capital
asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, generally property held for investment. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S.
federal income taxation that may be relevant to a particular non-U.S. holder in light of that non-U.S. holder’s individual circumstances nor
does it address U.S. state, local or non-U.S. taxes, the alternative minimum tax, the rules regarding qualified small business stock within the meaning of Section 1202 of the Code, the Medicare
tax on net investment income or any aspects of any U.S. federal tax other than the income tax. This discussion also does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a non-U.S. holder and does not address the special tax rules applicable to particular non-U.S. holders, such as: • | insurance companies; • | tax-exempt or governmental organizations; • | financial institutions; • | brokers or dealers in securities; • | regulated investment companies; • | pension plans; • | “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; • | “qualified foreign pension funds” as defined in Section 897(l)(2) of the Code and entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds; • | partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and partners and investors therein); 17 Table of Contents • | persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code; • | persons that hold our common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion transaction, synthetic security or other integrated investment; • | persons who hold or receive our common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation; and • | certain U.S. expatriates. This discussion is for general information only and is not tax advice. Accordingly, all prospective non-U.S. holders
of our common stock should consult their tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our common stock. Distributions on Our Common Stock As described in the
“Risk Factors” section above, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Distributions, if any, on our common stock will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the
extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. If a distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits, the excess will be treated as a tax-free return of the non-U.S. holder’s investment, up to such holder’s tax basis in the common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as
capital gain, subject to the tax treatment described below in “—Gain on Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Common Stock.” Any such distributions will also be subject to the discussions below under the sections titled
“—Backup Withholding and Information Reporting” and “—FATCA.” Subject to the discussion in the following two paragraphs in
this section, dividends paid to a non-U.S. holder generally will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax
treaty between the United States and such holder’s country of residence. Dividends that are treated as effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by a non-U.S. holder within the United
States and, if an applicable income tax treaty so provides, that are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed base maintained by the non-U.S. holder within the United States, are
generally exempt from the 30% withholding tax if the non-U.S. holder satisfies applicable certification and disclosure requirements. However, such U.S. effectively connected income, net of specified
deductions and credits, is taxed at the same graduated U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to United States persons (as defined in the Code). Any U.S. effectively connected income received by a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an
applicable income tax treaty between the United States and such holder’s country of residence. A non-U.S. holder of our common stock who claims the benefit of an applicable income tax treaty between the
United States and such holder’s country of residence generally will be required to provide a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form) to the applicable withholding agent and satisfy applicable
certification and other requirements. Non-U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding their entitlement to benefits under a relevant income tax treaty. A non-U.S. holder that is eligible for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax under an income tax treaty may obtain a refund or credit of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing a U.S. tax return with
the IRS. Gain on Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Common Stock Subject to the discussions below under “Backup Withholding and Information Reporting” and “FATCA,” a non-U.S. holder will not be subject to any U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain realized upon such holder’s sale or other taxable disposition of shares of our common stock
unless: • | the gain is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business and, if an applicable income tax treaty so provides, is attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed base 18 Table of Contents maintained by such non-U.S. holder in the United States, in which case the non-U.S. holder generally will be taxed on a net income basis at the graduated U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to United States persons (as defined in the Code) and, if the non-U.S. holder is a foreign corporation, the branch profits tax described above in “—Distributions on Our Common Stock” also may apply; • | the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to a 30% tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the United States and such holder’s country of residence) on the net gain derived from the disposition, which may be offset by certain U.S. source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder, if any (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided that the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses; or • | we are, or have been, at any time during the five-year period preceding such sale or other taxable disposition (or the non-U.S. holder’s holding period, if shorter) a U.S. real property holding corporation, unless our common stock is regularly traded on an established securities market and the non-U.S. holder holds no more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, directly or indirectly, actually or constructively, during the shorter of the 5-year period ending on the date of the disposition or the period that the non-U.S. holder held our common stock. If we are or were a U.S. real property holding corporation during the relevant period and the foregoing 5% exception does not apply, the non-U.S. holder generally will be taxed on its net gain derived from the disposition at the graduated U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to United States persons (as defined in the Code). Generally, a corporation is a U.S. real property holding corporation only if the fair market value of its U.S. real property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market value of its worldwide real property interests plus its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business. Although there can be no assurance, we do not believe that we are, or have been, a U.S. real property holding corporation, or that we are likely to become one in the future. No assurance can be provided that our common stock will be regularly traded on an established securities market for purposes of the rules described above. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting We must report annually to the IRS and to each non-U.S. holder the gross amount of the distributions on our
common stock paid to such holder and the tax withheld, if any, with respect to such distributions. Non-U.S. holders may have to comply with specific certification procedures to establish that the holder is not
a United States person (as defined in the Code) in order to avoid backup withholding at the applicable rate with respect to dividends on our common stock. Dividends paid to non-U.S. holders subject
to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, as described above in “Distributions on Our Common Stock,” generally will be exempt from U.S. backup withholding. Information reporting and backup withholding will generally apply to the proceeds of a disposition of our common stock by a non-U.S. holder effected by or through the U.S. office of any broker, U.S. or foreign, unless the holder certifies its status as a non-U.S. holder and satisfies certain other requirements, or otherwise establishes an exemption. Generally, information reporting and backup withholding will not apply to a payment of disposition proceeds to a non-U.S. holder where the transaction is effected outside the United States through a non-U.S. office of a broker. However, for information
reporting purposes, dispositions effected through a non-U.S. office of a broker with substantial U.S. ownership or operations generally will be treated in a manner similar to dispositions effected through
a U.S. office of a broker. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the information reporting and backup withholding rules to them. Copies of information
returns may be made available to the tax authorities of the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is incorporated under the provisions of a specific treaty or agreement. Backup withholding
is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from a payment to a non-U.S. holder can be refunded or credited against the non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that an appropriate claim is filed with the IRS in a timely manner. 19 Table of Contents FATCA The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30% on payments of dividends on our common
stock paid to a foreign entity unless (i) if the foreign entity is a “foreign financial institution,” such foreign entity undertakes certain due diligence, reporting, withholding, and certification obligations, (ii) if the
foreign entity is not a “foreign financial institution,” such foreign entity identifies certain of its U.S. investors, if any, or (iii) the foreign entity is otherwise exempt under FATCA. Such withholding may also apply to gross
proceeds from the sale or other disposition of our common stock, although under recently proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, no withholding would apply to such gross proceeds. The preamble to the proposed regulations specifies that taxpayers
(including withholding agents) are permitted to rely on the proposed regulations pending finalization. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be eligible for refunds or credits of the
tax. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify the requirements described in this paragraph. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax
advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on their investment in our common stock and the entities through which they hold our common stock, including, without limitation, the process and deadlines for meeting the applicable
requirements to prevent the imposition of the 30% withholding tax under FATCA. 20 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our common stock and preferred stock summarizes the material terms and provisions of the common stock that we may offer under
this prospectus. The following description of our capital stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are exhibits to the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part, and by applicable law. The terms of our common stock and preferred stock may also be affected by Delaware law. Authorized Capital Stock Our authorized capital stock
consists of 120,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, all of which are undesignated preferred stock. As of August 19, 2019, we had 48,874,979 shares of
common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common
stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights
of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after
payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. All outstanding shares are fully paid and nonassessable. When we issue shares of common stock under this prospectus, the shares will fully be paid and nonassessable and will not have, or be subject to, any
preemptive or similar rights. Listing Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA.” On August 19, 2019, the closing price for our common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was $17.45 per share. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent
and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Undesignated Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our
board of directors may determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series and determine the number of shares in the series and its
rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. Examples of rights and preferences that the Board may fix are: • | dividend rights; 21 Table of Contents • | conversion rights; • | voting rights; • | terms of redemption; • | liquidation preferences; • | sinking fund terms; and • | the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock may enable our board of
directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to
determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions
that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer, stockholder or stockholder group. The rights of holders of our common stock described above will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of any preferred
stock that we may designate and issue in the future. The issuance of shares of undesignated preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also
adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. We will incorporate by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, the form of any certificate of designation
that describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering. This description and the applicable prospectus supplement will include: • | the title and stated value; • | the number of shares authorized; • | the liquidation preference per share; • | the purchase price; • | the dividend rate, period and payment date, and method of calculation for dividends; • | whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate; • | the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any; • | the provisions for a sinking fund, if any; • | the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights; • | any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market; • | whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period; • | whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; • | voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock; • | preemptive rights, if any; 22 Table of Contents • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; • | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares; • | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock; • | the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; • | any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. Antitakeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and
Restated Bylaws Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
second amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions are also
designed in part to encourage anyone seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could
make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. However, we believe that the advantages gained by protecting our ability to negotiate with any unsolicited and potentially
unfriendly acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging such proposals, including those priced above the then-current market value of our common stock, because, among other reasons, the negotiation of such proposals could improve their terms. Delaware Takeover Statute We are subject to the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a
three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested
stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: • | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or • | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 23 Table of Contents Section 203 defines a business combination to include: • | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or • | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity
or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. Board composition and filling
vacancies . In accordance with our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board is divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation also provides that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on
our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. No written consent of stockholders . Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to
be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would
prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholder without holding a meeting of stockholders. Meetings of
stockholders . Our bylaws provide that only a majority of the members of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or
acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. Advance notice requirements . Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of
candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at
which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days or more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. The
notice must contain certain information specified in our bylaws. 24 Table of Contents Amendment to certificate of incorporation and bylaws . As required by the Delaware General Corporation
Law, any amendment of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law or our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, must
thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to
stockholder action, directors, limitation of liability and the amendment of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than 75% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less
than 75% of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority vote of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may
also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, or, if the board of directors recommends that the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in each case voting together as a single class. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Delaware for State
Law Claims. Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claim for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the
“Delaware Forum Provision”); provided, however, that this Delaware Forum Provision does not apply to any actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Delaware Forum Provision may impose additional litigation costs on
stockholders in pursuing claims covered by the Delaware Forum Provision, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the Delaware Forum Provision may limit our stockholders’ ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of such lawsuits. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgment or
results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. Undesignated preferred stock . Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for authorized shares of preferred stock. The
existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For
example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to
be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of
earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing
a change in control of us. 25 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We have entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement SM , dated August 23, 2019, or the Sales Agreement,
with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $150.0 million from time to time through Jefferies, acting as agent. Sales of the shares of common
stock, if any, may be made on the Nasdaq Global Market or into any other existing trading market for our common stock at market prices and such other sales as agreed upon by us and Jefferies. The Sales Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to our
registration statement on Form S-3 of which this prospectus forms a part. Upon delivery of a placement notice and
subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Jefferies may sell our common stock by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act. When requested by us, Jefferies will offer the shares of common stock subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, which may be on a daily
basis for periods of time, or as we may otherwise agree with Jefferies. We will designate the maximum amount of shares of common stock to be sold through Jefferies when we request Jefferies to do so. Jefferies has agreed, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Sales Agreement, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to execute our orders to sell, as our sales agent and on our behalf, shares of our common stock submitted to Jefferies from time to time by us, consistent with its normal
sales and trading practices. We may instruct Jefferies not to place shares of common stock at or below a price designated by us. In any event, the shares of common stock shall be placed by Jefferies substantially at market price. We or Jefferies may
suspend the offering of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement upon proper notice to the other party. If we and Jefferies so agree, Jefferies
may act as principal in connection with the placement of the securities offered hereby. We will pay Jefferies a commission of 3.0% of the gross proceeds
of any shares sold through it pursuant to this prospectus, and reimburse Jefferies for up to $50,000 of its expenses, including fees and disbursements to its legal counsel. The estimated offering expenses payable by us, in addition to such
commission and expenses, are approximately $500,000, which includes legal, accounting and printing costs and various other fees associated with registering the shares of common stock. The remaining sale proceeds, after deducting any other
transaction fees, will equal our net proceeds from the sale of such shares. Jefferies will provide written confirmation to us before the open on the
Nasdaq Global Market on the day following each day on which shares of common stock are sold under the Sales Agreement. Each confirmation will include the number of shares sold on that day, the aggregate gross proceeds of such sales and the net
proceeds to us. Settlement for sales of shares of common stock will occur, unless otherwise agreed, on the second business day following the date on which such sales were made. In connection with the sale of our common stock on our behalf, Jefferies will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities
Act and the compensation of Jefferies will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have agreed to indemnify Jefferies against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have also agreed to contribute to
payments Jefferies may be required to make in respect of such liabilities. The offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement
will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement according to its terms by either Jefferies or us. Jefferies and its affiliates may in the
future provide various investment banking, commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to us and our affiliates and may in the future receive customary fees. In the course of 26 Table of Contents its business, Jefferies may actively trade our securities for its own account or for the accounts of customers, and, accordingly, Jefferies may at any time hold long or short positions in such
securities. To the extent required by Regulation M, Jefferies will not engage in any market making activities involving our common stock while the offering is ongoing under this prospectus. This prospectus in electronic format may be made available on a website maintained by Jefferies, and Jefferies may distribute this prospectus electronically. 27 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this offering and the validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Goodwin
Procter LLP, Boston, MA. Jefferies LLC is being represented in connection with this offering by Latham 
& Watkins LLP. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we have filed with the SEC. This prospectus,
filed as part of the registration statement, does not contain all the information set forth in the registration statement and its exhibits and schedules, portions of which have been omitted as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. For
further information about us, we refer you to the registration statement and to its exhibits and schedules. Certain information in the registration statement has been omitted from this prospectus in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We are subject to the reporting and information requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These documents also may be accessed through the SEC’s electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system, or EDGAR, via electronic means, including the SEC’s home page on the
Internet ( www.sec.gov ). Copies of certain information filed by us with the SEC are also available on our website at www.intelliatx.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus and,
therefore, is not part of this prospectus. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference the information and reports we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by
referring you to these documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information already incorporated by
reference. We are incorporating by reference the documents listed below, which we have already filed with the SEC (SEC File No. 001-37766), and any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections
13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including all filings made after the date of the filing of this prospectus and prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement, except as to any portion of any future report or document that
is not deemed filed under such provision, after the date of this prospectus and prior to the termination of this offering: • | Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2019; • | The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (other than information furnished rather than filed), which was filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019; 28 Table of Contents • | Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the quarters ended March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019 , filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019 and August 1, 2019, respectively; • | Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2019 , April 5, 2019 , and May 22, 2019 ; and • | The description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016 under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. We incorporate by reference any future filings made with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this
prospectus and the termination of the offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless specifically stated to the contrary, information that we furnish
(and that is not deemed “filed” with the SEC) under Items 2.02 and 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, including the related exhibits under Item 9.01, is not incorporated by reference into this
prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Any statement contained in a document that is incorporated by reference will
be modified or superseded for all purposes to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus, or in any other document that is subsequently filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference into this prospectus, modifies or is contrary to
that previous statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed a part of this prospectus, except as so modified or superseded. Since information that we later file with the SEC will update and supersede previously incorporated
information, you should look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus or in any documents previously incorporated by reference have been modified or superseded. Upon request, we will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, a copy of the
documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus but not delivered therewith. You may request a copy of these filings, and any exhibits we have specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this prospectus, at no cost by writing or
telephoning us at the following address: Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. 40 Erie Street, Suite 130, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139; telephone: (857) 285-6200. You may also access these documents, free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.intelliatx.com. Information contained on
our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed from, our website as part of this prospectus. This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. We have incorporated exhibits into this registration statement. You should read the
exhibits carefully for provisions that may be important to you. You should rely only on the information incorporated by reference or provided in this
prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus or in
the documents incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus or those documents. 29 Table of Contents Up to $150,000,000 of Shares Common Stock PROSPECTUS Jefferies , 2019 Table of Contents Part II—INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The expenses payable by Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Registrant” or the “Company”) in connection with the issuance and distribution of
the securities being registered (other than underwriting discounts and commissions, if any) are set forth below. Each item listed is estimated, except for the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) registration fee. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 36,360
FINRA filing fee | $ | 0
Legal fees and expenses | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Printing fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent and trustee fees | *
Miscellaneous | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees and expenses depend on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, authorizes a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities
arising out of actions, suits and proceedings to which they are made or threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that they have served or are currently serving as a director or officer to a corporation. The indemnity may cover expenses
(including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding. Section 145 permits corporations to pay
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by directors and officers in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding. In addition, Section 145 provides that a corporation has the power to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of its directors and officers against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in their capacity as a director or officer, or arising out of their status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the
power to indemnify the director or officer against such liability under Section 145. We have adopted provisions in our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws that limit or eliminate the personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. Consequently, a
director will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages or breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: • | any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; • | any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • | any unlawful payments related to dividends or unlawful stock purchases, redemptions or other distributions; or • | any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. These limitations of liability do not alter director liability under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such
as an injunction or rescission. II-1 Table of Contents In addition, our bylaws provide that: • | we will indemnify our directors, officers and, in the discretion of our board of directors, certain employees to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended; and • | we will advance reasonable expenses, including attorneys’ fees, to our directors and, in the discretion of our board of directors, to our officers and certain employees, in connection with legal proceedings relating to their service for or on behalf of us, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our executive officers. These agreements provide that we will
indemnify each of our directors, certain of our executive officers and, at times, their affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We will advance expenses, including attorneys’ fees (but excluding judgments, fines and
settlement amounts), to each indemnified director, executive officer or affiliate in connection with any proceeding in which indemnification is available and we will indemnify our directors and officers for any action or proceeding arising out of
that person’s services as a director or officer brought on behalf of the Company or in furtherance of our rights. Additionally, certain of our directors may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance provided
by their affiliates, which indemnification relates to and might apply to the same proceedings arising out of such director’s services as a director referenced herein. Nonetheless, we have agreed in the indemnification agreements that the
Company’s obligations to those same directors are primary and any obligation of the affiliates of those directors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the expenses or liabilities incurred by those directors are secondary. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our Company arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit No. | Exhibit Index
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
1.2# | Open Market Sale Agreement SM , dated as of August 23, 2019, between the Registrant and Jefferies LLC
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (1)
3.2 | Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (1)
4.1 | Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated August 20, 2015 (2)
4.2 | Amendment No. 1 to Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated April 11, 2016 (3)
4.3 | Amendment No. 2 to Investors’ Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated April 25, 2016 (4)
4.4# | Form of Senior Indenture between Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.5# | Form of Subordinated Indenture between Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.6* | Form of Certificate of Designations
4.7* | Form of Warrant Agreements
4.8* | Form of Unit Certificate II-2 Table of Contents Exhibit No. | Exhibit Index
4.9* | Form of Unit Agreement
4.10* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.11# | Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2
5.1# | Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP
5.2# | Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP relating to sales agreement prospectus
23.1 | Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2# | Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
23.3# | Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2)
24.1# | Power of Attorney (included on signature pages hereto)
25.1** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
25.2** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 * | To be filed, if necessary, by amendment or as an exhibit to a document to be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this registration statement, including a Current Report on Form 8-K. ** | To be filed pursuant to Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. # | Previously filed. (1) | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37766) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2016 (2) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2016 (3) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2016 (4) | Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210689) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2016 Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant
hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the
total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in
the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in
the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, II-3 Table of Contents however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(l)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is
contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration
statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of
determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be
deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being
registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to
any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(l)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in
the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating
to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however, that no statement made in a
registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as
to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document
immediately prior to such effective date; (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any
purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used
to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell
such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be
filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or
referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information
about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an
offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser; (6) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of
1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to
Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; II-4 Table of Contents (7) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to
directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the
opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will
be governed by the final adjudication of such issue; and (8) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act
under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Cambridge, Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, on August 30, 2019. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By: | /s/ John M. Leonard
John M. Leonard, M.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the
following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ John M. Leonard John M. Leonard, M.D. | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | August 30, 2019
/s/ Glenn Goddard Glenn Goddard | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | August 30, 2019
* Caroline Dorsa | Director | August 30, 2019
* Jean François Formela, M.D. | Director | August 30, 2019
* Perry Karsen | Director | August 30, 2019
* Frank Verwiel, M.D. | Director | August 30, 2019
* Jesse Goodman, M.D. | Director | August 30, 2019
* Fred Cohen, M.D., D.Phil | Director | August 30, 2019 * | Pursuant to power of attorney /s/ John M. Leonard John M. Leonard. M.D.