DEF 14A 1 d556192ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the
Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ | Definitive Additional Materials
☐ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 40 Erie Street Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To be held May 18, 2017 You are
invited to attend the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., which will be held online on Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. You may attend the meeting virtually via
the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NTLA2017, where you will be able to vote electronically and submit questions. You will need the 16-digit control number included with these proxy materials to
attend the annual meeting. Only stockholders who owned common stock at the close of business on April 4, 2017 can attend and vote at the Annual
Meeting or any adjournment that may take place. At the Annual Meeting, the stockholders will consider and vote on the following matters: 1. | Election of two class I directors to our board of directors, each to serve until the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal; 2. | Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; 3. | Ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan; and 4. | Transaction of any other business properly brought before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. You can find more information, including information regarding the nominees for election to our board of directors, in the accompanying Proxy Statement. The
board of directors recommends that you vote in favor of each of proposals one, two and three as outlined in the accompanying Proxy Statement. Stockholders of record at the close of business on April 4, 2017, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting online, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card as promptly as possible in the postage-prepaid
envelope provided to ensure your representation and the presence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Alternatively, you may vote your shares on the Internet by visiting http://www.proxyvote.com or by telephone by calling 1-800-690-6903 and following the recorded instructions. If you vote your shares on the Internet or by telephone, you will need to enter
the 16-digit control number provided on your proxy card or voting instruction form. Your vote is important regardless of the number of shares you own. If you attend the Annual Meeting online, you may vote your
shares during the Annual Meeting virtually via the Internet even if you previously voted your proxy. Your proxy is revocable in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Proxy Statement. Table of Contents If your shares are held in “street name,” that is, held for your account by a broker or other nominee,
you will receive instructions from the holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be voted. By order of the Board of Directors,
/s/ Nessan Bermingham
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D.
President, Chief Executive Officer and Founder Cambridge, Massachusetts April 18, 2017 Table of Contents Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Proxy Statement Table o f Contents Page
Proxy Statement | 1
Important Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting | 2
Proposal No. 1 – Election of Class I Directors | 5
Proposal No. 2 – Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2017 | 10
Proposal No. 3 – Ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan | 12
Corporate Governance | 19
Report of the Compensation Committee | 32
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions | 33
Principal Stockholders | 38
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance | 41
Report of the Audit Committee | 41
Householding | 42
Stockholder Proposals | 42
Other Matters | 42 Table of Contents INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 40 Erie Street Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 857-285-6200 PROX Y STATEMENT FOR THE 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS to be held May 18, 2017 This proxy
statement and the enclosed proxy card contain information about the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., which will be held online on Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern
Time. You may attend the meeting virtually via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NTLA2017, where you will be able to vote electronically and submit questions. The board of directors of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. is using this proxy
statement to solicit proxies for use at the Annual Meeting. In this proxy statement, unless expressly stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the use of “Intellia,” “our,” “we” or “us” refers to
Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiary. All properly submitted proxies will be voted in accordance with the instructions contained in those
proxies. If no instructions are specified, the proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendation of our board of directors with respect to each of the matters set forth in the accompanying Notice of Meeting. You may revoke your proxy at
any time before it is exercised at the meeting by giving our corporate secretary written notice to that effect. Our Annual Report to Stockholders for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and this proxy statement and proxy card are first being mailed to stockholders on or about April 27, 2017. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and therefore permitted to conform with certain reduced public company
reporting requirements. As an emerging growth company, we provide in this proxy statement the scaled disclosure permitted under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), including the compensation disclosures required of a
“smaller reporting company,” as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In addition, as an emerging growth company, we
are not required to conduct votes seeking approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers or the frequency with which such votes must be conducted. We will remain an “emerging growth company” until the
earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more; (ii) December 31, 2021; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt
during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held on May 18, 2017: This proxy statement and our 2016 Annual Report to Stockholders are available for viewing, printing and downloading at http://www.proxyvote.com. A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), except for exhibits, will be furnished without charge to any stockholder upon written request to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary.
This proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 are also available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. 1 Table of Contents IMPO RTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING Purpose of the Annual Meeting At the Annual Meeting, our
stockholders of record as of April 4, 2017 will consider and vote on the following matters: 1. | Election of two class I directors to our board of directors, each to serve until the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal; 2. | Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; 3. | Ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan; and 4. | Transaction of any other business properly brought before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the date of this proxy statement, we are not aware of any business to come before the meeting other than the first three items noted above. Board of Directors Recommendation Our board of directors
unanimously recommends that you vote: FOR the election of the two nominees to serve as class I directors on our board of directors
for a three-year term; FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; and FOR the ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015
Stock Option and Incentive Plan. Availability of Proxy Materials The proxy materials, including this proxy statement, a proxy card or voting instruction card and Intellia’s 2016 Annual Report, are being mailed to
stockholders on or about April 27, 2017. These materials are also available for viewing, printing and downloading on the Internet at http://www.proxyvote.com. Who Can Vote at the Annual Meeting Only stockholders of
record at the close of business on the record date of April 4, 2017, are entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote the shares of Intellia common stock that they held on that date. As of April 4, 2017, there were
36,025,676 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter properly brought before the Annual Meeting. Difference between a “stockholder of record” and a beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” Stockholder of Record . If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare, then you are considered a
“stockholder of record” of those shares. In this case, your set of proxy materials has been sent to you directly by us. You may vote your shares by proxy prior to the Annual Meeting by following the instructions contained on the enclosed
proxy card. Beneficial Owners of Shares Held in Street Name . If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank, trust or other nominee
or custodian, then you are considered the beneficial owner of those shares, which are held 2 Table of Contents in “street name.” In this case, your set of proxy materials has been forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record
for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct that organization as to how to vote the shares held in your account by following the instructions contained on the voting instruction card provided
to you by that organization. How to Vote If you are
a stockholder of record, there are several ways for you to vote your shares. • | By Telephone . You may vote using a touch-tone telephone by calling 1-800-690-6903, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card. Votes submitted by telephone must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 17, 2017. • | By Internet . You may vote at www.proxyvote.com, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card. Votes submitted through the Internet must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 17, 2017. • | By Mail . You may vote by mail by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it in the enclosed prepaid envelope. • | During the Annual Meeting . You may vote during the Annual Meeting by going to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NTLA2017. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card. Telephone and Internet voting for stockholders of record will be available until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on
May 17, 2017, and mailed proxy cards must be received by May 17, 2017 in order to be counted at the Annual Meeting. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned or postponed, these deadlines may be extended. The voting deadlines and availability of telephone and Internet voting for beneficial owners of shares held in “street name” will depend on the
voting processes of the organization that holds your shares. Therefore, we urge you to carefully review and follow the voting instruction card and any other materials that you receive from that organization. If you hold your shares of Intellia
common stock in multiple accounts, you should vote your shares as described in each set of proxy materials you receive. Quorum A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. Our second amended and restated by-laws provide that a
quorum will exist if stockholders holding a majority of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote are present at the meeting virtually via the Internet or by proxy. Abstentions and broker non-votes count as present for establishing a quorum but will not be counted as votes cast. Broker non-votes occur when your broker or other nominee submits a proxy for
your shares (because the broker or other nominee has received instructions from you on one or more proposals, but not all, or has not received instructions from you but is entitled to vote on a particular “discretionary” matter) but does
not indicate a vote for a particular proposal because the broker or other nominee either does not have the authority to vote on that proposal and has not received voting instructions from you or has discretionary authority but chooses not to
exercise it. If a quorum is not present, the meeting may be adjourned until a quorum is obtained. Ballot Measures Considered “Routine” and “Non-Routine” The election of directors (Proposal No. 1) and ratification of the Amended and Restated
2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (Proposal No. 3) are matters considered non-routine under applicable rules. A broker or other nominee cannot vote without instructions on non-routine matters, and therefore there may be broker non-votes on Proposal No. 1 and Proposal No. 3. The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2017 (Proposal
No. 2) is a matter considered routine under applicable rules. A broker or 3 Table of Contents other nominee may generally exercise discretionary authority and vote on routine matters. If they exercise this discretionary authority, no broker non-votes are expected to exist in connection with Proposal No. 2. Votes Required to Elect a Director,
Ratify Appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP and Ratify the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan To be elected, a
director nominated in Proposal No. 1 must receive a plurality of the votes cast and entitled to vote at the meeting, meaning that the two director nominees receiving the most votes will be elected. The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal No. 2)
and the ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (Proposal No. 3) each require the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote at the meeting and cast “for” or
“against” such matter. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast on any of the
proposals. Accordingly, abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the voting on any of the proposals. Method of Counting Votes Each holder of common stock is
entitled to one vote at the Annual Meeting on each matter to come before the Annual Meeting, including the election of a director, for each share held by such stockholder as of the record date. Votes cast at the Annual Meeting or by proxy by mail,
via the Internet or by telephone will be tabulated by the inspector of election appointed for the Annual Meeting, who will also determine whether a quorum is present. Revoking a Proxy; Changing Your Vote If you are a
stockholder of record, you may revoke your proxy before the final vote is taken at the Annual Meeting: • | by signing and returning a new proxy card with a later date, to be received no later than May 17, 2017; • | by submitting a later-dated vote by telephone or via the Internet; please note that only your latest Internet or telephone proxy received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 17, 2017, will be counted; • | by participating in the Annual Meeting virtually via the Internet and voting again; or • | by filing a written revocation with our corporate secretary, to be received no later than May 17, 2017. The written revocation should be addressed to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary. If your shares are held in “street name,” you must contact the bank,
broker or other nominee holding your shares and follow their instructions for revoking or changing your vote. Your attendance at the Annual Meeting
online will not automatically revoke your proxy. Costs of Proxy Solicitation We will bear the costs of soliciting proxies. In addition to solicitations by mail, our directors, officers and employees, without additional remuneration, may
solicit proxies by telephone, facsimile, email, personal interviews and other means. Voting Results We plan to announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting and will publish final results in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting. 4 Table of Contents PRO POSAL NO. 1 – ELECTION OF TWO CLASS I DIRECTORS Our board of directors currently consists of six members. In accordance with the terms of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
second amended and restated by-laws, our board of directors is divided into three classes, class I, class II and class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. The members of the
classes are divided as follows: • | the class I directors are Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. and Jean-François Formela, M.D., and their term expires at the 2017 Annual Meeting; • | the class II director is Carl Gordon, Ph.D., and his term will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2018; and • | the class III directors are Caroline Dorsa, Perry Karsen and John M. Leonard, M.D., and their term will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2019. Upon the expiration of the term of a class of directors, directors in that class will be eligible to be elected for a new three-year term at the annual
meeting of stockholders in the year in which their term expires. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that our directors may be removed only for cause by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding shares then entitled to vote in an annual election of directors, and that any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of
directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. Our board of directors has nominated Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. and
Jean-François Formela, M.D. for election as class I directors at the Annual Meeting. Each of the nominees is presently a director, and each has indicated a willingness to continue to serve as director, if elected. If a nominee becomes unable
or unwilling to serve, however, the proxies may be voted for a substitute nominee selected by our board of directors. We have no formal policy regarding
board diversity. Our priority in selection of board members is identification of members who will further the interests of our stockholders through their established record of professional accomplishment, their ability to contribute positively to
the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business and understanding of the competitive landscape. 5 Table of Contents Nominees for Election as Class I Directors Biographical information, including principal occupation and business experience during the last five years, for our nominees for election as class I directors
at our Annual Meeting is set forth below. Age | Director Since
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. , has served as our president, chief executive officer and director since he founded the company in May 2014. From 2002 to 2007 and since 2012, Dr. Bermingham has held various positions at Atlas Venture, an early stage venture capital firm focused on investments in biological and drug discovery technologies, including as venture partner and currently as an advisor. From 2007 to 2008, he was a partner at Omega Fund Management, a direct secondary healthcare fund, and from 2009 to 2013, he served as the founder and managing partner of Bio Equity Capital LLC, a healthcare focused special situations firm. Dr. Bermingham was the founding Chief Executive Officer of Tal Medical, a clinical stage medical device company and previously worked at UBS AG. Dr. Bermingham currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine. Dr. Bermingham received his B.S. from Queen’s University in Belfast, Northern Ireland, a Ph.D. in molecular biology from Imperial College London and was a Howard Hughes Associate Fellow at Baylor College of Medicine. We believe that Dr. Bermingham’s detailed knowledge of our company, scientific background and his over 15 years investing in the life sciences industry, particularly with biotech and pharmaceutical companies, combined with his experience in molecular biology, provide a valuable contribution to our board of directors. | 44 | May 2014
Jean-François Formela, M.D. , has served as a member of our board of directors since our founding in May 2014. Dr. Formela is currently a partner at Atlas Venture, which he joined in 1993. Within the last five years, Dr. Formela has served on the boards of directors of the following public companies: Egalet Corporation, Horizon Pharma, Inc. and ARCA biopharma, Inc. Dr. Formela also serves on the board of directors of numerous private biotechnology and healthcare companies. Prior to joining Atlas Venture, Dr. Formela served as a senior director of medical marketing and scientific affairs at Schering-Plough Corporation, a pharmaceutical company which merged with Merck & Co., Inc. Dr. Formela began his career as a medical doctor and practiced emergency medicine at Necker University Hospital in Paris. Dr. Formela is a member of the Massachusetts General Hospital Research Advisory Council. He received his M.D. from the Paris University School of Medicine and his M.B.A. from Columbia University. We believe Dr. Formela’s experience as an investor and board member in the life sciences industry, as well as his practice of medicine, provides him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. | 60 | May 2014 The proxies will be voted in favor of the above nominees unless a contrary specification is made in the proxy. The nominees
have consented to serve as our directors if elected. However, if either nominee is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve as a director, the proxies will be voted for the election of such substitute nominee as our board of directors may
designate. The board of directors recommends voting “FOR” the election of Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. and Jean-François Formela, M.D as class I directors, each to serve for a three-year term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2020. 6 Table of Contents Directors Continuing in Office Biographical information, including principal occupation and business experience during the last five years, for our directors continuing in office is set
forth below. Age | Director Since
Class II Director (Term Expires at 2018 Annual Meeting)
Carl L. Gordon, Ph.D. , has been a member of our board of directors since August 2015. Dr. Gordon co-founded OrbiMed Advisors LLC, or OrbiMed, an investment firm focused on the healthcare sector, in 1998 and, since that time, has served as a member and Co-Head of Private Equity. Prior to co-founding OrbiMed, Dr. Gordon was a senior biotechnology analyst at Mehta and Isaly, a pharmaceutical consulting firm and predecessor to OrbiMed, from 1995 to 1997. As a venture capitalist focused on life science companies Dr. Gordon sits on numerous boards of private biotechnology and healthcare companies. He currently serves on the board of directors of Selecta Biosciences, Inc. In the last five years, he has also served on the board of Acceleron Pharma, Inc., Amarin Corporation plc and Complete Genomics, Inc. He received his Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Bachelor’s Degree in chemistry from Harvard College. We believe that Dr. Gordon’s financial and operational experience in the biotechnology industry as well as his expertise in molecular biology and financial credentials provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. | 52 | August 2015
Age | Director Since
Class III Directors (Term Expires at 2019 Annual Meeting)
Caroline Dorsa has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2015. Since 2010, Ms. Dorsa has served as a director with Biogen Inc., and she joined the board of Illumina, Inc. in January 2017. Ms. Dorsa served as the executive vice president and chief financial officer of Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated, a diversified energy company, from April 2009 until her retirement in October 2015 and served on its board of directors from 2003 to April 2009. From February 2008 to April 2009, she served as senior vice president, global human health, strategy and integration at Merck & Co., Inc., a pharmaceutical company. From November 2007 to January 2008, Ms. Dorsa served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc., a life sciences company. From February 2007 to November 2007, she served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Avaya, Inc., a telecommunications company. From 1987 to January 2007, Ms. Dorsa held various financial and operational positions at Merck & Co., Inc., including vice president and treasurer, executive director of U.S. customer marketing and executive director of U.S. pricing and strategic planning. Ms. Dorsa has served on the Board of Trustees of the Goldman Sachs ETF Trust, the Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund and the Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund. Ms. Dorsa received her B.A. in history from Colgate University and her M.B.A. from Columbia University. We believe Ms. Dorsa’s executive leadership experience in a large multinational pharmaceutical company, as well as her operational, financial and accounting expertise and knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry provide her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. | 57 | December 2015 7 Table of Contents Age | Director Since
Perry Karsen has served as the chairman of our board of directors since April 2016. From May 2013 to December 2015, Mr. Karsen served as the chief executive officer of the Celgene Cellular Therapeutics division of Celgene Corporation, a global biopharmaceutical company. Mr. Karsen served as chief operations officer and executive vice president of Celgene from July 2010 to May 2013, and as senior vice president and head of worldwide business development of Celgene from 2004 to 2009. Between February 2009 and July 2010, Mr. Karsen was chief executive officer of Pearl Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company that was subsequently acquired by AstraZeneca plc. Prior to his tenure with Celgene, Mr. Karsen held executive positions at Human Genome Sciences, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company subsequently acquired by GlaxoSmithKline, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., a biopharmaceutical company, Genentech, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, and Abbott. In addition, Mr. Karsen previously served as a general partner at Pequot Ventures, a venture capital firm. Mr. Karsen serves on the board of directors of the following public companies: OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. and Voyager Therapeutics, Inc. Within the last five years, he has served on the board of directors of Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. He also serves on the board of directors of Pliant Therapeutics, Inc., the Gladstone Foundation and the Sonoma Land Trust. He is a past member of the board of directors and a past member of the executive committee of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization and the board of directors of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine. Mr. Karsen received a masters of management degree from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management, a masters of arts in teaching of biology from Duke University and a B.S. in biological sciences from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. We believe Mr. Karsen’s executive leadership experience, including his experience as an executive at large multinational pharmaceutical companies and membership on boards of various trade organizations, qualifies him to serve as a member of our board of directors. | 62 | April 2016
John M. Leonard, M.D. , has served as our executive vice president, research and development since January 2017 and previously served as our chief medical officer from July 2014 to January 2017. Prior to joining Intellia, Dr. Leonard was chief scientific officer and senior vice president of research & development at AbbVie, Inc. (AbbVie), a biopharmaceutical company, from its spin-out from Abbott Laboratories in January 2013 until retiring at the end of 2013. Prior to the formation of AbbVie, from 2008 to 2012, he was global head of pharmaceutical R&D at Abbott Laboratories (Abbott), a pharmaceutical and health care products company. Dr. Leonard has over 30 years of combined experience in medicine, research and management serving in various roles at Abbott beginning in 1992. In addition to the board of directors of Intellia, Dr. Leonard has served on the board of directors of Quintiles from February 2015 and on the board of its successor company, Quintiles IMS, formed by the merger of Quintiles and IMS in October 2016; Chimerix, Inc. since June 2014 and Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from July 2015 until its sale in October 2016. He received a B.A. in biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin at Madison and an M.D. from Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Leonard completed his residency in internal medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine followed by a postdoctoral fellowship in molecular virology at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health. We believe that Dr. Leonard’s extensive executive leadership experience and experience in drug development and the biopharmaceutical industry provides him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. | 59 | July 2014 8 Table of Contents There are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers. The principal
occupation and employment during the past five years of each of our directors was carried on, in each case except as specifically identified above, with a corporation or organization that is not a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of us. There
is no arrangement or understanding between any of our directors and any other person or persons pursuant to which he or she is to be selected as a director. There are no material legal proceedings to which any of our directors is a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or in which any such person has a
material interest adverse to us or our subsidiary. Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Biographical information for our executive officers who are not directors is listed below. Age | Officer Since
Graeme Bell has served as our executive vice president, chief financial officer since December 2016. Prior to joining Intellia, Mr. Bell was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Anacor), a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company acquired by Pfizer, Inc. in June 2016, from June 2015. Mr. Bell joined Anacor from Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck) where he served from 2010 until May 2015 as its vice president, country chief financial officer of U.S. market, responsible for the financial oversight and support of Merck’s U.S. pharmaceutical and vaccine business. Prior to his most recent role with Merck, Mr. Bell served in a number of positions of increasing responsibility at Merck, including as its global pharmaceutical franchises controller from 2009 to 2010, country chief financial officer of U.K. from 2008 to 2009 and global head of investor relations from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Bell has a MBA from Durham University (UK) and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA). | 50 | December 2016
José E. Rivera, J.D. , has served as our executive vice president, general counsel since January 2017 and previously served as our chief operating officer and chief legal officer from April 2015 to January 2017. He joined Intellia in July 2014 as our general counsel and chief talent officer. Prior to joining Intellia, Mr. Rivera was the vice president, chief ethics and compliance officer at AbbVie from its spin-out from Abbott in January 2013 until September 2013. From 1996 to 2012, Mr. Rivera was a member of Abbott’s legal division serving in a number of positions of increasing responsibilities, including leading various legal groups as division vice president and associate general counsel, such as the company’s global intellectual property group, the intellectual property litigation department, the legal regulatory function and the general litigation department. Mr. Rivera received his B.A. in economics from Boston College and his J.D. from Harvard Law School. | 51 | July 2014 The principal occupation and employment during the past five years of each of our executive officers was carried on, in each
case except as specifically identified above, with a corporation or organization that is not a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of us. There is no arrangement or understanding between any of our executive officers and any other person or
persons pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as an executive officer. There are no material legal proceedings to which any of our executive
officers is a party adverse to us or our subsidiary or in which any such person has a material interest adverse to us or our subsidiary. 9 Table of Contents PROPOS AL NO. 2 – RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF
DELOITE & TOUCHE LLP AS INTELLIA’S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2017 Intellia’s stockholders are being asked to ratify the appointment by the audit committee of the board of directors of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm since 2015. The audit committee is solely responsible for selecting Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2017. Stockholder approval is not required to appoint Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm. However, the board of directors believes that submitting the appointment of
Deloitte & Touche LLP to the stockholders for ratification is good corporate governance. If the stockholders do not ratify this appointment, the audit committee will reconsider whether to retain Deloitte & Touche LLP. If the
selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP is ratified, the audit committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time it decides that such a change would be in the best
interest of Intellia and its stockholders. A representative of Deloitte & Touche LLP is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will
have an opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so and to respond to appropriate questions from our stockholders. Intellia incurred
the following fees from Deloitte & Touche LLP for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and for other services provided during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 2016 | 2015
Audit fees (1) | $ | 402,000 | $ | 782,000
Audit-related fees | — | —
Tax fees | — | —
All other fees (2) | 2,000 | —
Total fees | $ | 404,000 | $ | 782,000 (1) | Audit fees consist of fees for the audit of our financial statements, the review of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other professional services provided in connection with registration statements including our initial public offering. (2) | All other fees represent payment for access to the Deloitte & Touche LLP online accounting research database. Audit Committee Pre-approval Policy and Procedures Our audit committee has adopted policies and procedures relating to the approval of all audit and non-audit services
that are to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. This policy provides that we will not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to render audit or non-audit services unless the service is specifically approved in advance by our audit committee or the engagement is entered into pursuant to the pre-approval procedure described below. From time to time, our audit committee may pre-approve specified types of services that are expected to be provided to
us by our independent registered public accounting firm during the next 12 months. Any such pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or type of services to be provided and is also generally
subject to a maximum dollar amount. 10 Table of Contents During our 2016 and 2015 fiscal years, no services were provided to us by Deloitte & Touche LLP other
than in accordance with the pre-approval policies and procedures described above. The board of directors
recommends voting “FOR” Proposal No. 2 to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm. 11 Table of Contents PRO POSAL NO. 3 – RATIFICATION OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Prior to our initial public offering, the board of directors and our stockholders approved the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock
Option and Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). Under pertinent IRS regulations, grants made to “Covered Employees” (as defined in Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) under the 2015 Plan prior to the
earlier of (i) the material modification of the 2015 Plan or (ii) our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders (the Reliance Period) are not subject to the cap on the Company’s tax deduction imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code with
respect to compensation in excess of $1,000,000 per Covered Employee in any year. The board of directors seeks stockholder ratification of the 2015 Plan so that certain grants made to Covered Employees under the 2015 Plan, including stock
options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock awards and restricted stock units subject to performance-based vesting, will continue to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code beyond the
Reliance Period and therefore be exempt from the cap on the Company’s tax deduction imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code. If the stockholders do not ratify the 2015 Plan, the Company will either not make grants to Covered Employees under
the 2015 Plan after the Reliance Period or will seek stockholder approval of a new stock plan before the end of the Reliance Period. Summary of
Material Features of the 2015 Plan The material features of the 2015 Plan are: • | 7,058,823 shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan. On January 1, 2017, the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2015 Plan increased by 1,440,741 shares of common stock pursuant to a provision in the 2015 Plan that provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2017, by 4% of the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number as determined by the plan administrator; • | Shares of common stock that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon the exercise of a stock option or the settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by us prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of common stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the 2015 Plan are added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2015 Plan; • | Shares of common stock reacquired by us on the open market will not be added to the reserved pool under the 2015 Plan; • | The award of stock options (both incentive and non-qualified options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock awards, cash-based awards, performance share awards and dividend equivalent rights is permitted; • | No dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid on full value awards subject to performance vesting until such shares are actually earned upon satisfaction of the performance criteria; • | Without stockholder approval, the exercise price of stock options and stock appreciation rights will not be reduced and stock options and stock appreciation rights will not be otherwise re-priced through cancellation in exchange for cash, other awards; • | Any material amendment to the 2015 Plan is subject to approval by our stockholders; and • | The term of the 2015 Plan will expire on May 5, 2026. Based solely on the closing price of our common
stock as reported by The NASDAQ Global Market on March 31, 2017, and the maximum number of shares that would have been available for awards as of such date, the maximum aggregate market value of the common stock that could potentially be issued
under the 2015 Plan is $4,162,891. 12 Table of Contents Qualified Performance-Based Compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code To ensure that certain awards granted under the 2015 Plan to Covered Employees qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m)
of the Code, the 2015 Plan provides that the compensation committee may require that the vesting of such awards be conditioned on the satisfaction of performance criteria that may include any or all of the following: (1) total shareholder
return, (2) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, (3) net income (loss) (either before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization), (4) changes in the market price of the common stock,
(5) economic value-added, (6) funds from operations or similar measure, (7) sales or revenue, (8) achievement of specified clinical or regulatory milestones, (9) acquisitions or strategic transactions including licenses,
collaborations, joint ventures, or promotion arrangements, (10) operating income (loss), (11) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow), (12) return on capital, assets, equity or investment,
(13) return on sales, (14) gross or net profit levels, (15) productivity, (16) expense, (17) margins, (18) operating efficiency, (19) customer satisfaction, (20) working capital, (21) earnings (loss) per
share of common stock, (22) sales or market shares and (23) number of customers, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or as compared to results of a peer group. The plan
administrator will select the particular performance criteria within 90 days following the commencement of a performance cycle. Subject to adjustments for stock splits and similar events, the maximum award granted to any one individual that is
intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code will not exceed 1,470,588 shares of common stock for any performance cycle and options or stock appreciation rights with respect to no more than
7,058,823 shares of common stock may be granted to any one individual during any calendar year period. If a performance-based award is payable in cash, it cannot exceed $5,000,000 for any performance cycle. The board of directors believes that it is important to maintain our flexibility to make awards to Covered Employees beyond the Reliance Period and to
preserve our tax deduction for awards that qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code. Summary of the
2015 Plan The following description of certain features of the 2015 Plan is intended to be a summary only. The summary is qualified in its entirety by
the full text of the 2015 Plan, which is attached hereto as Appendix A. Plan Administration . The 2015 Plan is administered by the compensation
committee. The compensation committee has full power to select, from among the individuals eligible for awards, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants, and to determine the specific terms
and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of the 2015 Plan. The board of directors or the compensation committee may delegate to our chief executive officer the authority to grant awards to employees who are not subject to the
reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and not subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, subject to certain limitations and guidelines. In accordance with such provision, in 2016, the board of directors delegated to
our chief executive officer the authority to grant stock options to new hires and existing employees, who are below the vice president position or who do not report to him directly, in connection with promotions, employee recognition or exceptional
performance, without the prior approval of the board of directors or any committee thereof, in accordance with the new hire, promotion and exceptional performance equity grant guidelines as approved by the compensation committee. Eligibility . Persons eligible to participate in the 2015 Plan will be those full or part-time officers, employees, non-employee directors and other key persons (including consultants) of the Company and its subsidiaries as selected from time to time by the compensation committee in its discretion. Approximately 172
individuals are currently eligible to participate in the 2015 Plan, which includes four executive officers, 118 employees who are not executive officers, four non-employee directors and 46 consultants. Plan Limits . The maximum award of stock options or stock appreciation rights granted to any one individual will not exceed 7,058,823 shares of common
stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar events) for any 13 Table of Contents calendar year period. If any award of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance shares granted to an individual is intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation”
under Section 162(m) of the Code, then the maximum award shall not exceed 1,470,588 shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar events) to any one such individual in any performance cycle. If any cash-based award
is intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code, then the maximum award to be paid in cash in any performance cycle may not exceed $5,000,000. In addition, no more than 7,058,823 shares of
common stock may be issued in the form of incentive stock options, such number to be cumulatively increased on each January 1 by the lesser of 4% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31
or 7,058,823 shares of common stock unless the compensation committee approves a lower number. Stock Options . The 2015 Plan permits the granting
of (1) options to purchase common stock intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code and (2) options that do not so qualify. Options granted under the 2015 Plan will be non-qualified options if they fail to qualify as incentive options or exceed the annual limit on incentive stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries. Non-qualified options may be granted to any persons eligible to receive incentive options and to non-employee directors and consultants. The option
exercise price of each option will be determined by the compensation committee but may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Fair market value for this purpose is the last reported sale price of the
shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant. The exercise price of an option may not be reduced after the date of the option grant, other than to appropriately reflect changes in our capital structure. The term of each option is fixed by the compensation committee and may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The compensation committee determines at
what time or times each option may be exercised. Options may be made exercisable in installments and the exercisability of options may be accelerated by the compensation committee. In general, unless otherwise permitted by the compensation
committee, no option granted under the 2015 Plan is transferable by the optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order, and options may be exercised during the optionee’s
lifetime only by the optionee, or by the optionee’s legal representative or guardian in the case of the optionee’s incapacity. Upon exercise of
options, the option exercise price must be paid in full either in cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the compensation committee or by delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of common stock that are not
then subject to any restrictions under any Company plan. Subject to applicable law, the exercise price may also be delivered to us by a broker pursuant to irrevocable instructions to the broker from the optionee. In addition, the compensation
committee may permit non-qualified options to be exercised using a net exercise feature, which reduces the number of shares issued to the optionee by the number of shares with a fair market value equal to the
exercise price. To qualify as incentive options, options must meet additional federal tax requirements, including a $100,000 limit on the value of shares
subject to incentive options that first become exercisable by a participant in any one calendar year. Stock Appreciation Rights . The compensation
committee may award stock appreciation rights subject to such conditions and restrictions as the compensation committee may determine. Stock appreciation rights entitle the recipient to shares of common stock equal to the value of the appreciation
in the stock price over the exercise price. The exercise price may not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of a stock appreciation right is ten years. Restricted Stock Awards . The compensation committee may award shares of common stock to participants subject to such conditions and restrictions as the
compensation committee may determine. These conditions and restrictions may include the achievement of pre-established performance goals and/or continued employment with us through a specified restricted
period. 14 Table of Contents Restricted Stock Units . The compensation committee may award restricted stock units to any participants.
Restricted stock units are ultimately payable in the form of shares of common stock and may be subject to such conditions and restrictions as the compensation committee may determine. These conditions and restrictions may include the achievement of pre-established performance goals and/or continued employment with the Company through a specified vesting period. In the compensation committee’s sole discretion, it may permit a participant to make an advance
election to receive a portion of his or her future cash compensation otherwise due in the form of restricted stock units, subject to the participant’s compliance with the procedures established by the compensation committee and requirements of
Section 409A of the Code. During the deferral period, the restricted stock units may be credited with dividend equivalent rights. Unrestricted
Stock Awards . The compensation committee may also grant shares of common stock that are free from any restrictions under the 2015 Plan. Unrestricted stock may be granted to any participant in recognition of past services or other valid
consideration and may be issued in lieu of cash compensation due to such participant. Cash-Based Awards . The compensation committee may grant cash
payments under the 2015 Plan to participants. The cash payments may be subject to the achievement of certain performance goals (as summarized above). Performance Share Awards . The compensation committee may grant performance share awards to any participant that entitle the recipient to receive shares
of common stock upon the achievement of certain performance goals (as summarized above) and such other conditions as the compensation committee shall determine. Dividend Equivalent Rights . The compensation committee may grant dividend equivalent rights to participants, which entitle the recipient to receive
credits for dividends that would be paid if the recipient had held specified shares of common stock. Dividend equivalent rights may be granted as a component of an award of restricted stock units or performance shares or as a freestanding award.
Dividend equivalent rights may be settled in cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof, in a single installment or installments, as specified in the award. Sale Event Provisions . The 2015 Plan provides that upon the effectiveness of a “sale event,” as defined in the 2015 Plan, except as otherwise
provided in the relevant award certificate, all awards with time-based conditions will become vested and exercisable upon the sale event, unless the parties to the sale event agree that such awards will be assumed or continued by the successor
entity. Awards with conditions and restrictions relating to the attainment of performance goals may become vested and nonforfeitable in connection with a sale event in the compensation committee’s discretion or to the extent specified in the
relevant award certificate. In addition, the Company may make or provide for payment, in cash or in kind, to participants holding options and stock appreciation rights equal to the difference between the per share cash consideration and the exercise
price of the options or stock appreciation rights. The compensation committee shall also have the option to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in kind, to grantees holding other awards in an amount equal to the per share cash consideration
multiplied by the number of vested shares under such awards. All awards will terminate in connection with a sale event unless they are assumed by the successor entity. In the event awards are assumed, continued or substituted in connection with a
sale event and a grantee’s employment or other service relationship is terminated by the Company or its successor without “cause,” as defined in the 2015 Plan, or by the grantee for “good reason,” as defined in the 2015
Plan, in either case in connection with or within 12 months following a sale event, except as may otherwise be provided in the relevant award certificate, all awards with time-based conditions shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable as of such
termination, and all awards with conditions and restrictions relating to the attainment of performance goals may become vested and nonforfeitable in the compensation committee’s discretion or to the extent specified in the relevant award
certificate. Adjustments for Stock Dividends, Stock Splits, Etc . The 2015 Plan requires the compensation committee to make appropriate adjustments
to the number of shares of common stock that are subject to the 2015 Plan, to certain limits in the 2015 Plan, and to any outstanding awards to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, extraordinary cash dividends and similar events. 15 Table of Contents Tax Withholding . Participants in the 2015 Plan are responsible for the payment of any federal, state or
local taxes that we are required by law to withhold upon the exercise of options or stock appreciation rights or vesting of other awards. Subject to approval by the compensation committee, participants may elect to have the minimum tax withholding
obligations satisfied by authorizing the Company to withhold shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to exercise or vesting. The compensation committee may also require that awards be subject to mandatory share withholding up to the required
withholding amount. Amendments and Termination . The board of directors may at any time amend or discontinue the 2015 Plan and the compensation
committee may at any time amend or cancel any outstanding award for the purpose of satisfying changes in the law or for any other lawful purpose. However, no such action may adversely affect any rights under any outstanding award without the
holder’s consent. To the extent required under rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, any amendments that materially change the terms of the 2015 Plan will be subject to approval by our stockholders. Amendments shall also be subject to approval by
our stockholders if and to the extent determined by the compensation committee to be required by the Code to preserve the qualified status of incentive options or to ensure that compensation earned under the 2015 Plan qualifies as performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. Effective Date of 2015 Plan . The Board of Directors initially adopted the Intellia
Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan on August 20, 2015. The 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan was amended and restated by the Board of Directors as the 2015 Plan on January 19, 2016 and was subsequently approved by
our stockholders on April 22, 2016. The Board of Directors then amended the 2015 Plan on April 26, 2016, and it became effective immediately prior to the consummation of our initial public offering. Awards of incentive options may be
granted under the 2015 Plan until May 5, 2026. No other awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan after the date that is ten years from the date of stockholder approval. Plan Benefits Because the grant of awards under the 2015
Plan is within the discretion of the compensation committee, we cannot determine the dollar value or number of shares of common stock that will in the future be received by or allocated to any participant in the 2015 Plan. Accordingly, in lieu of
providing information regarding benefits that will be received under the 2015 Plan, the following table provides information concerning the benefits that were received by the following persons and groups during 2016: each named executive officer;
all current executive officers, as a group; all current directors who are not executive officers, as a group; and all employees who are not executive officers, as a group. Options
Name and Position | Average Exercise Price ($) | Number (#)
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Director | $ | 6.83 | 671,129
John M. Leonard, M.D Executive Vice President, Research & Development | $ | 6.83 | 350,234
José E. Rivera, J.D. Executive Vice President, General Counsel | $ | 6.83 | 175,117
All current executive officers, as a group | $ | 6.83 | 1,196,480
All current directors who are not executive officers, as a group | $ | 18.00 | 93,998
All current employees who are not executive officers, as a group | $ | 9.89 | 1,114,315 16 Table of Contents Tax Aspects under the Code The following is a summary of the principal federal income tax consequences of certain transactions under the 2015 Plan. It does not describe all federal tax
consequences under the 2015 Plan, nor does it describe state or local tax consequences. Incentive Options . No taxable income is generally realized
by the optionee upon the grant or exercise of an incentive option. If shares of common stock issued to an optionee pursuant to the exercise of an incentive option are sold or transferred after two years from the date of grant and after one year from
the date of exercise, then (i) upon sale of such shares, any amount realized in excess of the option price (the amount paid for the shares) will be taxed to the optionee as a long-term capital gain, and any loss sustained will be a long-term
capital loss, and (ii) the Company will not be entitled to any deduction for federal income tax purposes. The exercise of an incentive option will give rise to an item of tax preference that may result in alternative minimum tax liability for
the optionee. If shares of common stock acquired upon the exercise of an incentive option are disposed of prior to the expiration of the two-year and one-year holding periods described above (a “disqualifying disposition”), generally (i) the optionee will realize ordinary income in the year of
disposition in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the fair market value of the shares of common stock at exercise (or, if less, the amount realized on a sale of such shares of common stock) over the exercise price thereof and (ii) the
Company will be entitled to deduct such amount. Special rules apply where all or a portion of the exercise price of the incentive option is paid by tendering shares of common stock. If an incentive option is exercised at a time when it no longer qualifies for the tax treatment described above, the option is treated as a non-qualified option. Generally, an incentive option will not be eligible for the tax treatment described above if it is exercised more than three months following termination of employment (or one year in the case
of termination of employment by reason of disability). In the case of termination of employment by reason of death, the three-month rule does not apply. Non-Qualified Options . No income is realized by the optionee at the time the option is granted. Generally,
(i) at exercise, ordinary income is realized by the optionee in an amount equal to the difference between the option price and the fair market value of the shares of common stock on the date of exercise, and the Company receives a tax deduction
for the same amount and (ii) at disposition, appreciation or depreciation after the date of exercise is treated as either short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending on how long the shares of common stock have been held. Special
rules apply where all or a portion of the exercise price of the non-qualified option is paid by tendering shares of common stock. Upon exercise, the optionee will also be subject to Social Security taxes on
the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the option. Other Awards . The Company generally will be entitled to a tax deduction
in connection with an award under the 2015 Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by the participant at the time the participant recognizes such income. Participants typically are subject to income tax and recognize such tax at the
time that an award is exercised, vests or becomes non-forfeitable, unless the award provides for a further deferral. Parachute Payments . The vesting of any portion of an option or other award that is accelerated due to the occurrence of a change in control (such as a
sale event) may cause a portion of the payments with respect to such accelerated awards to be treated as “parachute payments,” as defined in the Code. Any such parachute payments may be non-deductible to the Company, in whole or in part, and may subject the recipient to a non-deductible 20% federal excise tax on all or a portion of such payment (in
addition to other taxes ordinarily payable). Limitation on Deductions . Under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Company’s deduction for
certain awards under the 2015 Plan may be limited to the extent that the chief executive officer or other executive officer whose compensation is required to be reported in the summary compensation table (other than the principal financial 17 Table of Contents officer) receives compensation in excess of $1,000,000 a year (other than performance-based compensation that otherwise meets the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code). The 2015 Plan
is structured to allow certain awards to qualify as performance-based compensation. Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2016 regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation
plans, consisting of the 2015 Plan and our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Plan Category | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (#) | Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options ($) | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(3) | 3,040,214 | (1) | $ | 8.35 | (2) | 2,053,561 | (3)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | N/A | N/A | N/A
Total | 3,040,214 | $ | 8.35 | 2,053,561 (1) | Includes 3,040,214 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options. Does not include shares of restricted stock as they have been reflected in our total shares outstanding. (2) | Does not include purchase rights accruing under the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan because the purchase right (and therefore the number of shares to be purchased) will not be determined until the end of the purchase period. (3) | As of December 31, 2016, there were 1,635,594 shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan and 417,967 shares available for grants under the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The board of directors recommends voting “FOR” Proposal No. 3 to ratify the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 18 Table of Contents CO RPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Nomination Process Our nominating and corporate
governance committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board, and recommending such persons to be nominated for election as directors, except where we are legally
required by contract, law or otherwise to provide third parties with the right to nominate. The process followed by our nominating and corporate
governance committee to identify and evaluate director candidates includes requests to board members and others for recommendations, meetings from time to time to evaluate biographical information and background material relating to potential
candidates and interviews of selected candidates by members of the committee and our board. The qualifications, qualities and skills that our nominating and corporate governance committee believes must be met by a committee-recommended nominee for a
position on our board of directors are as follows: • | Nominees should have experience at a strategic or policymaking level in a business, government, non-profit or academic organization of high standing. • | Nominees should be highly accomplished in his or her respective field, with superior credentials and recognition. • | Nominees should be well regarded in the community and shall have a long-term reputation for the highest personal and professional integrity. • | Nominees should have sufficient time and availability to devote to the affairs of the Company, particularly in light of the number of boards of directors on which such candidate may serve. • | Nominees should have a demonstrated history of actively contributing at board meetings, to the extent the nominee serves or has previously served on other boards. • | Nominees should be most effective, in conjunction with the other candidates to the Board, in collectively serving the long-term interests of the stockholders. Stockholders may recommend individuals to the nominating and corporate governance committee for consideration as potential director candidates. Any such
proposals should be submitted to our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices no later than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the
preceding year’s annual meeting and should include appropriate biographical and background material to allow the nominating and corporate governance committee to properly evaluate the potential director candidate and the number of shares of our
stock beneficially owned by the stockholder proposing the candidate. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary. Assuming that
biographical and background material has been provided on a timely basis in accordance with our second amended and restated by-laws, any recommendations received from stockholders will be evaluated in the same
manner as potential nominees proposed by the nominating and corporate governance committee. If our board of directors determines to nominate a stockholder-recommended candidate and recommends his or her election, then his or her name will be
included on our proxy card for the next annual meeting of stockholders. Director Independence Applicable NASDAQ rules require a majority of a listed company’s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within one year of listing.
In addition, the NASDAQ rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company’s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent and that audit committee members also satisfy
independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and that compensation committee members satisfy independence criteria 19 Table of Contents set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. Under applicable NASDAQ rules, a director will only qualify as an “independent director” if, in
the opinion of the listed company’s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In order to be considered
independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other
board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. In
addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on a company’s compensation committee, Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act requires that a company’s board of
directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director has a relationship to such company which is material to that director’s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a
compensation committee member, including: the source of compensation to the director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by such company to the director, and whether the director is affiliated with the company or any
of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Our board of directors has determined that all members of the board of directors, except Drs. Bermingham and Leonard
are independent directors, including for purposes of the rules of The NASDAQ Global Market and the SEC. In making such independence determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by
each non-employee director. In considering the independence of the directors listed above, our board of directors considered the association of our directors with the holders of more than 5% of our common
stock. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Drs. Bermingham and Leonard are not independent directors under these rules because they are executive officers of the Company. Board Committees Our board of directors has established
an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a charter, and each such committee
reviews its respective charter at least annually. A current copy of the charter for each of the audit committee, compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee is posted on the corporate governance section of our
website, http://www.intelliatx.com . Audit Committee Ms. Dorsa, Dr. Formela and Dr. Gordon serve on the audit committee, which is chaired by Ms. Dorsa. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Ms. Dorsa, Dr. Formela and Dr. Gordon is “independent” for audit committee purposes as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC and the applicable NASDAQ rules, and has
sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the audit committee. Our board of directors has designated Ms. Dorsa as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, the audit committee met six times. The report of the audit committee is included in this proxy statement under “Report of the Audit Committee.” The audit committee’s
responsibilities include: • | appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; • | pre-approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; • | reviewing the overall audit plan with our independent registered public accounting firm and members of management responsible for preparing our financial statements; 20 Table of Contents • | reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and practices used by us; • | coordinating the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; • | establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; • | recommending based upon the audit committee’s review and discussions with management and our independent registered public accounting firm whether our audited financial statements shall be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; • | monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters; • | preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; • | reviewing all related person transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions; and • | reviewing quarterly earnings releases. All audit and non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm must be approved in advance by our audit committee. Compensation Committee Ms. Dorsa,
Dr. Formela, Dr. Gordon and Mr. Karsen serve on the compensation committee, which is chaired by Dr. Formela. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the compensation committee is “independent” as
defined in the applicable NASDAQ rules. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, the compensation committee met five times. The compensation committee’s responsibilities include: • | annually reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer; • | evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of such corporate goals and objectives and based on such evaluation: (i) recommending to the board of directors the cash compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and (ii) reviewing and approving grants and awards to our Chief Executive Officer under equity-based plans; • | reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the cash compensation of our executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer; • | determining the equity compensation of our executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer under equity-based plans; • | reviewing and establishing our overall management compensation, philosophy and policy; • | overseeing and administering our compensation and similar plans; • | evaluating and assessing potential and current compensation advisors in accordance with the independence standards identified in the applicable NASDAQ rules; • | retaining and approving the compensation of any compensation advisors; • | reviewing and approving our policies and procedures for the grant of equity-based awards; • | reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the compensation of our directors; 21 Table of Contents • | preparing the compensation committee report required by SEC rules, if and when required, to be included in our annual proxy statement; and • | reviewing and approving the retention or termination of any consulting firm or outside advisor to assist in the evaluation of compensation matters. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2016, the members of our compensation committee were Ms. Dorsa, Dr. Formela, Dr. Gordon and Mr. Karsen. None of the members of our
compensation committee is an officer or employee of our company, and none of our executive officers has served as a director or member of the compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity whose
executive officers served as one of our directors or a member of the compensation committee. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Ms. Dorsa, Dr. Formela and Mr. Karsen serve on the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is chaired by
Mr. Karsen. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee is “independent” as defined in the applicable NASDAQ rules. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016,
the nominating and corporate governance committee met four times. The nominating and corporate governance committee’s responsibilities include: • | developing and recommending to the board of directors criteria for board and committee membership; • | establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating board of director candidates, including nominees recommended by stockholders; • | reviewing the composition of the board of directors to ensure that it is composed of members containing the appropriate skills and expertise to advise us; • | identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors; • | recommending to the board of directors the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board’s committees; • | developing and recommending to the board of directors a code of business conduct and ethics and a set of corporate governance guidelines; and • | overseeing the evaluation of our board of directors and management. Board and Committee Meetings
Attendance The full board of directors met twelve times during 2016. During 2016, each member of the board of directors attended in person or
participated in 75% or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the board of directors (held during the period for which such person has been a director) and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of
the board of directors on which such person served (during the periods that such person served). Director Attendance at Annual Meeting of Stockholders Directors are responsible for attending the annual meeting of stockholders. We did not hold an annual meeting of stockholders for 2016. 22 Table of Contents Policy on Trading, Pledging and Hedging of Company Stock Certain transactions in our securities (such as purchases and sales of publicly traded put and call options, and short sales) create a heightened compliance
risk or could create the appearance of misalignment between management and stockholders. In addition, securities held in a margin account or pledged as collateral may be sold without consent if the owner fails to meet a margin call or defaults on
the loan, thus creating the risk that a sale may occur at a time when an officer or director is aware of material, non-public information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company securities. Our
insider trading policy expressly prohibits, without prior approval, short sales and derivative transactions of our stock by our executive officers, directors and specified other employees and their respective affiliates, purchases or sales of puts,
calls or other derivative securities of the company or any derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of ownership of any of our securities or an opportunity, direct or indirect, to profit from any change in the value of our
securities, or other hedging transactions. In addition, our insider trading policy expressly prohibits our executive officers, directors and specified other employees and their respective affiliates from borrowing against company securities held in
a margin account, or, without prior approval, pledging our securities as collateral for a loan. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the code is posted on the corporate governance section of our website, which is located at http://www.intelliatx.com . If we make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics for any officer or director, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in
a current report on Form 8-K. Board Leadership Structure and Board’s Role in Risk Oversight Currently, the role of chairman of the board is separated from the role of Chief Executive Officer. We believe that separating these positions allows our Chief
Executive Officer to focus on our day-to-day business, while allowing a chairman of the board to lead the board of directors in its fundamental role of providing advice
to and independent oversight of management. Our board of directors recognizes the time, effort and energy that the Chief Executive Officer is required to devote to his position in the current business environment, as well as the commitment required
to serve as our chairman, particularly as the board of directors’ oversight responsibilities continue to grow. While our second amended and restated by-laws and corporate governance guidelines do not
require that our chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions be separate, our board of directors believes that having separate positions is the appropriate leadership structure for us at this time and demonstrates our commitment to good corporate
governance. Risk is inherent with every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks,
including risks relating to our financial condition, development and commercialization activities, operations, strategic direction and intellectual property. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of risks we face, while our board of directors, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, our board of
directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. The role of the board of directors in overseeing the management of our risks is conducted primarily through committees of the board of directors, as disclosed
in the descriptions of each of the committees below and in the charters of each of the committees. The full board of directors (or the appropriate board committee in the case of risks that are under the purview of a particular committee) discusses
with management our major risk exposures, their potential impact on us, and the steps we take to manage them. When a board committee is responsible for evaluating and overseeing the management of a particular risk or risks, the chairman of the
relevant committee 23 Table of Contents reports on the discussion to the full board of directors during the committee reports portion of the next board meeting. This enables the board of directors and its committees to coordinate the
risk oversight role, particularly with respect to risk interrelationships. Communication with the Directors of Intellia Any interested party with concerns about our company may report such concerns to the board of directors or the chairman of our board of directors and
nominating and corporate governance committee, by submitting a written communication to the attention of such director at the following address: c/o Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. 40 Erie Street Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02139 United States You may
submit your concern anonymously or confidentially by postal mail. You may also indicate whether you are a stockholder, customer, supplier, or other interested party. A copy of any such written communication may also be forwarded to Intellia’s legal counsel and a copy of such communication may be retained for a
reasonable period of time. The director may discuss the matter with Intellia’s legal counsel, with independent advisors, with non-management directors, or with Intellia’s management, or may take
other action or no action as the director determines in good faith, using reasonable judgment, and discretion. Communications may be forwarded to all
directors if they relate to important substantive matters and include suggestions or comments that may be important for the directors to know. In general, communications relating to corporate governance and long-term corporate strategy are more
likely to be forwarded than communications relating to ordinary business affairs, personal grievances, and matters as to which we tend to receive repetitive or duplicative communications. The audit committee oversees the procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by Intellia regarding accounting, internal
accounting controls, or audit matters, and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. Intellia has also established a toll-free telephone
number for the reporting of such activity, which is 844-417-8866. Director Compensation The table below shows all
compensation paid to our non-employee directors during 2016. Name | Fees Paid In Cash ($)(1) | Option Awards ($)(2)(3) | Total ($)
Caroline Dorsa (4) | 43,862 | 200,958 | 244,820
Jean-François Formela, M.D | — | 311,566 | 311,566
Carl L. Gordon, Ph.D., CFA | — | 311,566 | 311,566
Rachel E. Haurwitz, Ph.D. (5) | — | 311,566 | 311,566
Perry Karsen (6) | 32,066 | 420,613 | 452,679 (1) | Amounts represent cash compensation for services rendered by each member of the board of directors. Drs. Formela, Gordon and Haurwitz waived their right to receive cash compensation for their service on our board of directors during 2016. 24 Table of Contents (2) | In 2016, each of Drs. Formela, Gordon and Haurwitz was granted an option to purchase 23,529 shares of common stock. Ms. Dorsa was granted an option to purchase 15,176 shares of common stock, and Mr. Karsen was granted an option to purchase 31,764 shares of common stock upon his initial election to the board of directors. (3) | Amounts shown reflect the grant date fair value of option awards granted during 2016. The grant date fair value was computed in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation . See note 8 to the financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 regarding assumptions we made in determining the fair value of option awards. (4) | The option award shown for Ms. Dorsa is her second stock option grant from the company, granted upon our initial public offering. (5) | Dr. Haurwitz ceased serving as a member of our board of directors in November 2016. (6) | Mr. Karsen was elected to the board of directors in April 2016. During 2016, we did not provide any cash
compensation to Dr. Bermingham, our president and chief executive officer, or Dr. Leonard, our executive vice president, research and development, for their service as directors. Compensation paid to Drs. Bermingham and Leonard as
executive officers is set forth under “Executive Compensation—Summary Compensation Table.” Under our director compensation program, we pay
our non-employee directors a cash retainer for service on the board of directors and for service on each committee on which the director is a member. The chairman of each committee receives higher retainers
for such service. These fees are payable in arrears in four equal quarterly installments on the last day of each quarter, provided that the amount of such payment is prorated for any portion of such quarter that the director is not serving on our
board of directors. The fees paid to non-employee directors for service on the board of directors and for service on each committee of the board of directors on which the director is a member are as follows: Member Annual Fee | Chairman Additional Annual Fee
Board of Directors | $ | 35,000 | $ | 25,000
Audit Committee | 7,500 | 7,500
Compensation Committee | 5,000 | 5,000
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee | 3,500 | 3,500 We also reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending our board of director and committee meetings. In addition, under our director compensation program, each non-employee director upon his or her initial election to
our board of directors will receive an option to purchase 38,000 shares of our common stock. Each of these options will vest as to 33 1/3 % of the total award one year after the date of grant and thereafter in substantially equal quarterly
installments during the three years following the grant date, subject to continued service through such date. On the date of each annual meeting of stockholders of our company, each non-employee director will
be granted a non-qualified stock option to purchase 19,000 shares of common stock, which will vest and become fully exercisable upon the earlier to occur of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date
of the next annual meeting of stockholders following the date of grant, subject to continued service as a director through such date. All options issued to our non-employee directors under our director
compensation program will become exercisable in full upon a change in control of our company. In addition, the form of option agreement will give directors up to one year following cessation of service as a director to exercise the options, to the
extent vested at the date of such cessation, provided that the director has not been removed for cause. The exercise price of these options will equal the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. 25 Table of Contents This program is intended to provide a total compensation package that enables us to attract and retain qualified
and experienced individuals to serve as directors and to align our directors’ interests with those of our stockholders. Executive Compensation Our named executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2016 include our principal executive officer and our two other most highly
compensated executive officers: • | Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D., our president and chief executive officer; • | John M. Leonard, M.D., our executive vice president, research and development; and • | José E. Rivera, J.D., our executive vice president, general counsel. Summary Compensation Table The following table presents the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each of our named executive officers for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($)(1) | Option Awards ($)(2) | All Other Compensation ($)(3) | Total ($)
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 2016 | 450,000 | 225,000 | 3,338,330 | 718 | 4,014,048
President and Chief Executive Officer | 2015 | 383,333 | 180,000 | — | — | 563,333
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 2016 | 300,000 | 123,750 | 1,742,134 | 40,984 | 2,206,868
Executive Vice President, Research & Development | 2015 | 300,000 | 99,000 | — | 51,404 | 450,404
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 2016 | 375,000 | 154,688 | 871,067 | 34,701 | 1,435,456
Executive Vice President, General Counsel | 2015 | 325,000 | 123,750 | — | 47,445 | 496,195 (1) | The 2016 amounts reflect the discretionary bonus paid in 2017 for performance during 2016, as discussed under “— Narrative to Summary Compensation Table—Annual Bonus.” (2) | The amounts reflect the grant date fair value for awards granted during the applicable year. The grant date fair value was computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation . See note 8 to the financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 regarding assumptions we made in determining the fair value of option awards. (3) | The amounts reported for 2016 represent (i) legal expenses of $718 paid on behalf of each of our named executive officers and (ii) for Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, travel and lodging expenses related to travel between the applicable named executive officer’s home office and our headquarters Massachusetts, including (a) transportation expenses of $17,230 for Dr. Leonard and $12,911 for Mr. Rivera, (b) lodging expenses of $23,754 for Dr. Leonard and $21,690 for Mr. Rivera and (c) meals expense of $100 for Mr. Rivera. The amounts reported for 2015 represent, for Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, travel and lodging expenses related to travel between the applicable named executive officer’s home office and our headquarters Massachusetts, including (i) transportation expenses of $23,111 for Dr. Leonard and $21,414 for Mr. Rivera, (ii) lodging expenses of $27,291 for Dr. Leonard and $25,180 for Mr. Rivera and (iii) meals expense of $1,002 for Dr. Leonard and $851 for Mr. Rivera. Amounts exclude medical, group life insurance and certain other benefits received by the named executive officers that are available generally to all of our salaried employees on the same terms. 26 Table of Contents Narrative to Summary Compensation Table Our board of directors and compensation committee review compensation annually for all employees, including our executives. In setting executive base salaries
and bonuses and granting equity incentive awards, we consider compensation for comparable positions in the market, the historical compensation levels of our executives, individual performance as compared to our expectations and objectives, our
desire to motivate our employees to achieve short- and long-term results that are in the best interests of our stockholders, and a long-term commitment to our company. We do not target a specific competitive position or a specific mix of
compensation among base salary, bonus or long-term incentives. Our board of directors has historically determined our executives’ compensation. Our
compensation committee typically reviews and discusses management’s proposed compensation with the chief executive officer for all executives other than the chief executive officer. Based on those discussions and its discretion, the
compensation committee then recommends the compensation for each executive officer. Our board of directors, without members of management present, discusses the compensation committee’s recommendations and ultimately approves the compensation
of our executive officers. We retain the services of Radford, an AON Hewitt company, as external compensation consultants and consider Radford’s input on certain matters we deem appropriate. Annual Base Salary. The following table presents the base salaries for each of our named executive officers for the years 2016 and 2017. The 2016 base
salaries became effective prior to January 1, 2016 for all of the named executive officers. The 2017 base salaries became effective on January 16, 2017. Name | 2016 Base Salary ($) | 2017 Base Salary ($)
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 450,000 | 528,100
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 300,000 | 400,000
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 375,000 | 405,000 Annual Bonus. Our bonus plan motivates and rewards our executives for achievements relative to our goals and
expectations for each fiscal year. Each named executive officer has a target bonus opportunity, defined as a percentage of his annual salary. Following the end of each year, our board of directors, with the recommendation of the compensation
committee, determines bonuses. Material considerations in determining bonuses include our financial performance relative to our plan and achievement of corporate objectives for the year; the individual executive’s handling of unplanned events
and opportunities; and the chief executive officer’s input with respect to the performance of our company and of our executives. Based on these factors and in the sole discretion of our board of directors, we approved the following bonuses in
2017 for our named executive officers for 2016. Name | Target Bonus (% of salary) | Actual Bonus ($) | Actual Bonus (% of salary)
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 40 | 225,000 | 50
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 33 | 123,750 | 41
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 33 | 154,688 | 41 Target bonuses as a percentage of annual salary for our named executive officers for 2017 are as follows: Name | Target Bonus (% of salary)
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 55
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 35
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 40 27 Table of Contents Specific achievements and performance considered by our board of directors in determining bonuses for 2016
included: • | the continued advancement of our sentinel indications and programs; • | the consummation of a strategic collaboration with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; • | the completion of our initial public offering; and • | our maintaining budgetary alignment with major research and development milestones and ending the year with significant cash and cash equivalents. Long-Term Incentives. We typically grant equity incentive awards at the start of employment to each executive and our other employees, grant annual
stock option awards thereafter, and may periodically grant additional equity incentive awards during employment based on individual role, performance and contribution. Equity incentive awards to our executive officers are typically granted annually
in connection with the annual performance review. The option exercise price equals the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, which
is typically equal to the closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant. Vesting begins on the date of grant. Time vested stock option grants to our executives typically vest 25% on the first anniversary of grant
or, if earlier, the initial employment date, and 1/48 th per month thereafter, are fully vested at the end of four years and have a term of 10 years from the grant date. In February 2016, we awarded time-vested stock options to Dr. Bermingham, Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera in recognition of achievements and
performance during 2015, which vest as to 25% of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the grant and with respect to 1/48 th of the underlying shares each month thereafter. The
following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the stock options granted to our named executive officers in February 2016: Name | Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Granted
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 671,129
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 350,234
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 175,117 In January 2017, our compensation committee approved a grant of stock options under our 2015 Plan to our named executive
officers. Each of these equity awards has an exercise price of $13.88 per share and vests with respect to 25% of the shares on January 6, 2018 and with respect to the remaining shares in substantially equal monthly installments over the
following three years. The following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the stock options granted to our named executive officers in January 2017: Name | Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Granted
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 270,000
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 95,000
José E. Rivera, J.D. | 115,000 Perquisites and Benefits. We do not provide additional perquisites or personal benefits to our named executive
officers. We do, however, pay the premiums for term life insurance and long-term disability for all of our employees, including our named executive officers. In 2016, we paid premiums for term life insurance of $306 for each of Dr. Bermingham,
Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, respectively. We do not sponsor any qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans for any of our employees or executives. 28 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2016 Fiscal Year End Table The following table presents information regarding all outstanding stock options held by each of our named executive officers on December 31, 2016. Stock Options | Stock Awards
Name | Grant Date | Notes | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares That Have Not Yet Vested | Market Value of Shares That Not Yet Vested
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | 7/31/2014 | (1 | ) | — | — | — | — | 138,389 | 1,814,280
2/3/2016 | (2 | ) | — | 671,129 | 6.83 | 2/2/2026 | — | —
John M. Leonard, M.D. | 7/31/2014 | (3 | ) | — | — | — | — | 207,583 | 2,721,413
2/3/2016 | (2 | ) | — | 350,234 | 6.83 | 2/2/2016 | — | —
José E. Rivera, J.D | 7/31/2014 | (4 | ) | — | — | — | — | 103,792 | 1,361,751
2/3/2016 | (2 | ) | — | 175,117 | 6.83 | 2/2/2026 | — | — (1) | Represents a restricted stock award for 349,614 shares of our common stock. This restricted stock award vests as follows: 25% of the shares vested and became nonforfeitable on July 31, 2015, and the remainder of the shares vest and become nonforfeitable in substantially equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to Dr. Bermingham’s continued service to us. (2) | The shares under this option vested as to 25% of the unvested shares on February 3, 2017, with the remainder vesting in substantially equal monthly installments through February 3, 2020. (3) | Represents a restricted stock award for 524,420 shares of our common stock. This restricted stock award vests as follows: 25% of the shares vested and became nonforfeitable on July 31, 2015, and the remainder of the shares vest and become nonforfeitable in substantially equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to Dr. Leonard’s continued service to us. (4) | Represents a restricted stock award for 262,210 shares of our common stock. This restricted stock award vests as follows: 25% of the shares vested and became nonforfeitable on July 31, 2015, and the remainder of the shares vest and become nonforfeitable in substantially equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to Mr. Rivera’s continued service to us. Employment, Severance and Change in Control Arrangements In May 2016, we entered into amended and restated employment offer letters with each of Dr. Bermingham, Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera. Each of our
executive officers is employed at will. Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. On May 5, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement
with Dr. Bermingham for the position of Chief Executive Officer and President. Dr. Bermingham currently receives an annual base salary of $528,100, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with company policy.
Dr. Bermingham is also eligible for an annual incentive bonus targeted at 55% of his base salary. Dr. Bermingham is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans generally available to our executive employees, subject to the terms
of those plans. John M. Leonard, M.D. On May 5, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Dr. Leonard for
the position of Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Leonard currently receives an annual base salary of $400,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with company policy. Dr. Leonard is also eligible for an annual incentive
bonus targeted at 35% of his base salary. Dr. Leonard is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans generally available to our executive employees, subject to the terms of those plans. 29 Table of Contents José E. Rivera, J.D. On May 5, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated employment
agreement with Mr. Rivera for the position of Chief Operating and Legal Officer. Mr. Rivera currently receives an annual base salary of $405,000, which is subject to review and adjustment in accordance with company policy. Mr. Rivera
is also eligible for an annual incentive bonus targeted at 40% of his base salary. Mr. Rivera is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans generally available to our executive employees, subject to the terms of those plans. Each of our named executive officers has entered into a standard form agreement with respect to confidential information and assignment of inventions. Among
other things, this agreement obligates each named executive officer to refrain from disclosing any of our proprietary information received during the course of employment and to assign to us any inventions conceived or developed during the course of
employment. Such agreement also provides that during the period of the named executive officer’s employment and for six months thereafter, the named executive officer will not compete with us and will not solicit our employees, consultants,
customers or suppliers. If a named executive officer’s employment is terminated by us without cause, as defined in the officer’s employment
agreement, or by the named executive officer for good reason, as defined in the officer’s employment agreement, and subject to the execution and effectiveness of a separation agreement, including a general release of claims in our favor, the
named executive officer will be entitled to receive: (i) an amount equal to 12 months of base salary in the case of Dr. Bermingham and nine months of base salary in the case of Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, in each case, payable in
substantially equal installments over nine or 12 months, as applicable, following the officer’s termination, and (ii) if the named executive officer is participating in our group health plan immediately prior to his or her termination, a
monthly cash payment until the earlier of 12 months in the case of Dr. Bermingham or nine months in the case of Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, in each case, following termination or the end of the officer’s COBRA health continuation
period in an amount equal to the amount that we would have made to provide health insurance to the officer had he or she remained employed with us. In addition, all time-based equity awards held by the named executive officer or by entities to which
the named executive officer has properly transferred such awards that would have vested in the applicable nine or 12-month period following the officer’s termination had he or she remained employed by us
during such period will accelerate and vest as of the date of termination. In lieu of the payments and benefits described above, in the event that the named executive officer’s employment is terminated by us without cause or the named executive
officer resigns for “good reason,” as defined in the officer’s employment agreement, in either case within 12 months following a “change in control,” as defined in the officer’s employment agreement, subject to the
execution and effectiveness of a separation agreement, including a general release of claims in our favor, the named executive officer will be entitled to receive (i) in the case of Dr. Bermingham, a lump sum cash payment equal to 18
months of his then-current base salary, or his base salary in effect immediately prior to the change in control, if higher, or, in the case of Dr. Leonard and Mr. Rivera, 12 months of the officer’s then-current base salary, or the
officer’s base salary in effect immediately prior to the change in control, if higher, in each case, plus the officer’s target bonus, (ii) if the officer is participating in our group health plan immediately prior to his or her
termination, a monthly cash payment until the earlier of 12 or 18 months, as applicable, following termination or the end of the officer’s COBRA health continuation period in an amount equal to the amount that we would have made to provide
health insurance to him had he or she remained employed with us and (iii) full acceleration of all time-based equity awards held by the officer or by entities to whom the officer has properly transferred such awards. Additional Narrative Disclosure 401(k) Savings
Plan. We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan that provides eligible employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis. All
participants’ interests in their contributions are 100% vested when contributed. Pre-tax contributions are allocated to each participant’s individual account and are then invested in selected
investment alternatives according to the participants’ directions. The retirement plan is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code. We do not currently make discretionary contributions or matching contributions to our 401(k) plan. 30 Table of Contents Health and Welfare Benefits . All of our full-time employees, including our executive officers are eligible
to participate in certain medical, disability and life insurance benefit programs offered by us. We pay the premiums for term life insurance and long-term disability for all of our employees, including our executive officers. We do not sponsor any
qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans for any of our employees or executives. 31 Table of Contents REPO RT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The information contained in this report shall not be deemed to be (1) “soliciting material,” (2) “filed” with the SEC, (3) subject
to Regulations 14A or 14C of the Exchange Act, or (4) subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. This report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. The compensation committee has reviewed and
discussed the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement with management. Based on the review and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to the board of directors that the Executive Compensation section be included in this
proxy statement. THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. Jean-François Formela, M.D., Chairperson Caroline Dorsa Carl L. Gordon,
Ph.D., CFA Perry Karsen April 18,
2017 32 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Certain Relationships and Transactions Other than
compensation arrangements for our directors and named executive officers, which are described elsewhere in the “Executive Compensation” section of this proxy statement, below we describe transactions since January 1, 2016 to which we
were a party or will be a party, in which: • | the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and • | any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5% of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household with, the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Caribou Biosciences, Inc. Relationships with Caribou Rachel Haurwitz, a member of
our board of directors until November 1, 2016, is the President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Caribou Biosciences, Inc. (Caribou) as well as a Caribou stockholder. In relation to our founding, on
July 16, 2014, Intellia Therapeutics, LLC, our former sole stockholder and holding company parent, issued junior preferred units to Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC. We also issued time-vested common units and incentive units to
Dr. Haurwitz, who contributed all of her units to Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC. All of these units held by Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC were exchanged for shares of junior preferred stock, shares of founder stock and shares of common
stock in August 2015 in connection with a corporate reorganization. Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC, a holding company owned and managed by Caribou, is a greater than 5% stockholder in our company. License Agreement and Services Agreement In July 2014,
we entered into a license agreement with Caribou, as subsequently amended and supplemented, for an exclusive, worldwide license for human therapeutic, prophylactic, and palliative uses, except for anti-fungal and anti-microbial uses, as well as
companion diagnostics to our product or product candidates, defined in the license agreement as our field of use, of any CRISPR/Cas9-related patents and applications owned, controlled or licensed by Caribou. The license agreement also included
exclusive rights in our field of use to any CRISPR/Cas9-related intellectual property developed by Caribou after July 16, 2014 and through a future cut-off date to be determined when conditions defined in
the agreement occur. Pursuant to a services agreement entered into with Caribou in parallel with the license agreement, we received two years of research and development services from Caribou, which ended in November 2016. We paid Caribou $5.0 million over the term of the two-year services agreement; and have agreed to pay 30.0% of
Caribou’s patent prosecution, filing, and maintenance costs for the intellectual property included in the license agreement amounting to a total of $2.1 million paid through December 31, 2016. We also granted Caribou an exclusive,
royalty-free, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to any CRISPR/Cas9 patents, patent applications and know-how in Caribou’s retained fields of use owned or controlled by us between
July 16, 2014 and a future cut-off date to be determined when conditions defined in the agreement occur. The
term of the Caribou license is until the expiration of the last-to-expire patent right that is licensed to either party. Invention Management Agreement On December 15,
2016, we entered into a Consent to Assignments, Licensing and Common Ownership and Invention Management Agreement, with The Regents of the University of California, University of Vienna, 33 Table of Contents Dr. Emmanuel Charpentier, Caribou, CRISPR Therapeutics AG, ERS Genomics Ltd. and TRACR Hematology Ltd. (the Invention Management Agreement). Under the Invention Management Agreement,
Dr. Charpentier retroactively consented to The Regents of the University of California and University of Vienna’s CRISPR/Cas9 license to Caribou as well as Caribou’s sublicensing to Intellia certain of its rights to CRISPR/Cas9
intellectual property co-owned by The Regents of the University of California, University of Vienna and Dr. Charpentier (UC/Vienna/Charpentier), subject to the restrictions of our license from Caribou.
Under the agreement, the parties commit to maintain and coordinate the prosecution, defense and enforcement of the UC/Vienna/Charpentier CRISPR/Cas9 patent portfolio worldwide, and each of the co-owners of the
intellectual property grants cross-consents to all existing and future licenses and sublicenses based on the rights of another co-owner. The Invention Management Agreement also includes retroactive approval by
certain parties of certain prior assignments of interests in patent rights to other parties, and provides for, among other things, (i) good faith cooperation among the parties regarding patent maintenance, defense and prosecution,
(ii) cost-sharing arrangements, and (iii) notice of and coordination in the event of third-party infringement of the subject patents. Unless earlier terminated by the parties, the Invention Management Agreement will continue in effect
until the later of the last expiration date of the UC/Vienna/Charpentier patents underlying the CRISPR/Cas9 technology, or the date on which the last underlying patent application is abandoned. Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. Relationship with Novartis Novartis Institutes for
BioMedical Research, Inc. (Novartis) is a greater-than-5% stockholder in our company. In September 2014, we entered into an agreement with Novartis for the exclusive right to negotiate a transaction involving
our grant to Novartis of certain rights to our CRISPR/Cas9 technology. Pursuant to the exclusivity agreement, we agreed to issue to Novartis preferred units in exchange for a fee. We issued Novartis preferred units, which converted into 4,761,905
shares of our Class A-1 preferred stock and 2,666,666 shares of our Class A-2 preferred stock in our August 2015 corporation reorganization. In addition,
Novartis purchased 277,777 shares of our common stock in a concurrent private placement at the time of our initial public offering in May 2016. License and Collaboration Agreement In December 2014, we
entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Novartis, focused on the research of new CRISPR/Cas9-based therapies using chimeric antigen receptor T cells (CAR-T cells) and hematopoietic stem cells
(HSCs). Under the terms of the collaboration, we and Novartis may research potential therapeutic, prophylactic and palliative ex vivo applications of our
CRISPR/Cas9 platform in HSCs and CAR-T cells. The collaboration is also governed by research plans for each of the HSC and CAR-T cell programs that outline the
parties’ responsibilities under, anticipated timelines of and budgets for the programs, and is overseen by a joint steering committee (JSC) formed by representatives from both companies. Among other activities, the JSC reviews the collaboration
program and forms subcommittees to evaluate and nominate the pool of potential research targets under and approve the research plans for the HSC and CAR-T cell programs. Under this agreement, we received an upfront technology access payment of $10.0 million and are entitled to additional technology access fees of
$20.0 million and quarterly research payments of $1.0 million, or up to $20.0 million in the aggregate, during the five-year research term. In addition, for each product under the collaboration, subject to certain conditions, we may
be eligible to receive (i) up to $30.3 million in development milestones, including for the filing of an investigational new drug application and for the dosing of the first patient in each of Phase IIa, Phase IIb and Phase III clinical
trials, (ii) up to $50.0 million in regulatory milestones for the product’s first indication, including regulatory approvals in the U.S. and the EU, (iii) up to $50.0 million in regulatory milestones for the product’s
second indication, if any, including U.S. and EU regulatory approvals, (iv) royalties on net sales in the mid-single digits, and (v) net sales milestone payments of up to $100.0 million. We may
also be eligible to receive payments for: (i) each additional HSC target selected by Novartis beyond its initial defined allocation, (ii) each in vivo 34 Table of Contents target that Novartis selects and (iii) any exercise by Novartis of certain license options under the agreement. Additionally, at the inception of the arrangement, Novartis invested
$9.0 million to purchase our Class A-1 and Class A-2 Preferred Units. The difference between the cash proceeds received from Novartis for the units and
the $11.6 million estimated fair value of those units at the date of issuance was determined to be $2.6 million. Accordingly, $2.6 million of the upfront technology access payment was allocated to record the preferred units purchased
by Novartis at fair value. The collaboration term ends in December 2019. The term of the agreement expires on the later of (i) the expiration of
Novartis’ payment obligations under the agreement and (ii) the date of expiration of the last-to-expire of the patent rights licensed to us or Novartis under
the agreement. Novartis’ royalty payment obligations expire on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis upon the later of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the royalty-bearing patents covering such product in such country or (ii)
10 years after the first commercial sale of such product in such country. We may terminate the agreement if Novartis or its affiliates institute a patent challenge against our intellectual property rights, and all improvements thereto, licensed to
Novartis under the agreement. Novartis may terminate the agreement, without cause, upon 90 days’ written notice to us subject to certain conditions, including its payment of any accrued and future obligations as if the collaboration had
continued through December 2019. Novartis may terminate the agreement if the owners or licensees of U.S. patent 8,697,359 bring a suit against Novartis on or before December 31, 2017 claiming that the activities specifically contemplated by the
collaboration research plans infringe an independent claim of such patent. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of the other party’s uncured material breach or bankruptcy or insolvency-related events. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Relationship with
Regeneron Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Regeneron) is a greater-than-5% stockholder in our company. In
connection with our entry into the Regeneron agreement, detailed below, Regeneron agreed to purchase $50.0 million of our common stock. This resulted in Regeneron purchasing 2,777,777 shares of our common stock in a concurrent private placement
at the time of our initial public offering in May 2016. License and Collaboration Agreement In April 2016, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Regeneron. The agreement includes a product component to research, develop and
commercialize CRISPR/Cas-based therapeutic products primarily focused on gene editing in the liver as well as a technology collaboration component, pursuant to which we and Regeneron will engage in research
and development activities aimed at discovering and developing novel technologies and improvements to CRISPR/Cas technology to enhance our gene editing platform. Under this agreement, we also have the ability to access the Regeneron Genetics Center
and proprietary mouse models to be provided by Regeneron for a limited number of our liver programs. In connection with this collaboration, we received a
nonrefundable upfront payment of $75.0 million. In addition, we are eligible to earn, on a per-licensed target basis, up to $25.0 million, $110.0 million and $185.0 million in development,
regulatory and sales-based milestone payments, respectively. We are also eligible to earn royalties ranging from the high single digits to low teens, in each case, on a per-product basis, which royalties are
potentially subject to various reductions and offsets and are further subject to our existing low single-digit royalty obligations under our Caribou license agreement. In addition, Regeneron is obligated to fund 50.0% of the agreed-upon research and
development costs for the transthyretin (TTR) program, the first target selected by Regeneron, which will be subject to a co-development and co-commercialization arrangement between us and Regeneron. We have granted Regeneron exclusive rights to develop and commercialize products directed to its selected targets.
The parties will jointly own intellectual property created as part of the technology collaboration and target-specific research plans, subject to certain exceptions where Regeneron will solely own certain intellectual 35 Table of Contents property specific to its products and we will solely own certain CRISPR/Cas intellectual property arising during target evaluation activities. Each party has granted the other party specified
intellectual property licenses to enable the other party to perform its obligations and exercise its rights under the agreement, including license grants to enable each party to conduct research, development and commercialization activities pursuant
to the terms of the agreement. The collaboration term ends in April 2022, provided that Regeneron may make a one-time payment of $25.0 million to extend the term for an additional two-year period. The agreement will continue until the date when no royalty or other payment
obligations are due, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Regeneron’s royalty payment obligations expire on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis upon the later of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the royalty-bearing patents covering such product in such country,
(ii) 12 years from the first commercial sale of such product in such country, or (iii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such product. We may terminate the agreement on a target-by-target basis if Regeneron or any of its affiliates institutes a patent challenge against our CRISPR/Cas or certain other background patent rights. We may also terminate the agreement on a target-by-target basis if Regeneron does not proceed with the development of a product directed to a selected target within specified periods of time. Regeneron may terminate
the agreement, without cause, upon 180 days written notice to us, either in its entirety or on a target-by-target basis, in which event, certain rights in the terminated
targets and associated intellectual property revert to us, as described in the agreement. Following such termination, we will owe Regeneron royalties in the low to mid-single digits on any terminated targets
that we subsequently commercialize on a product-by-product basis for a period of 12 years after the first commercial sale of any such products. Either party may
terminate the agreement either in its entirety or with respect to the technology collaboration or one or more of the targets selected by Regeneron, in the event of the other party’s uncured material breach. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for the following: • | any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders; • | any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • | unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or • | any transaction from which they derived an improper personal benefit. Any amendment to, or repeal of, these
provisions will not eliminate or reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, we adopted second amended and restated bylaws which provide that we will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or
was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of our directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise. Our second amended and restated bylaws provide that we may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action,
suit, or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of our employees or agents or is or was serving at our request as an 36 Table of Contents employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that we must advance expenses incurred by or on
behalf of a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to very limited exceptions. We have entered into
agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. These agreements will, among other things, require us to indemnify these individuals for certain expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts
reasonably incurred by such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in our right, on account of any services undertaken by such person on behalf of our company or that person’s status as a member of our board of directors
to the maximum extent allowed under Delaware law. The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions included in our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, second amended and restated bylaws and in indemnification agreements that we entered into or may in the future enter into with our directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and
other stockholders. Further, a stockholder’s investment may be harmed to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and executive officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At present, we
are not aware of any pending litigation or proceeding involving any person who is or was one of our directors, officers, employees or other agents or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions We have adopted a related person transaction approval policy that governs the review of related person transactions. Pursuant to this written policy, if we
want to enter into a transaction with any director, executive officer, holder of 5% or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of, or entities affiliated with, any of them, or any other related person, our audit
committee must approve such transaction. Any request for such a transaction must first be presented to our audit committee for review, consideration or approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our audit committee is to consider the
relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the audit committee, including, but not limited to, the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction, and whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to us
than terms we could have generally obtained from an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances. Further, when stockholders are entitled to vote on a transaction with a related party, the material facts of the related
party’s relationship or interest in the transaction are disclosed to the stockholders, who must approve the transaction in good faith. 37 Table of Contents PRIN CIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth information, to the extent known by us or ascertainable from public filings, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our
common stock as of March 31, 2017 by: • | each of our directors; • | each of our named executive officers; • | all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and • | each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock. The column entitled “Percentage Beneficially Owned” is based on a total of 36,025,676 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31,
2017. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to
our common stock. Shares of our common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2017 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose
of calculating the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise noted, the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing power with
respect to all of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. Except as otherwise indicated in the table below, addresses of named beneficial owners are in care of Intellia
Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139. Name of Beneficial Owner | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned | Percentage Beneficially Owned
5% Stockholders:
Atlas Venture Fund IX, L.P. (1) | 3,729,788 | 10.4 | %
Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC (2) | 5,593,846 | 15.5 | %
Entities affiliated with Fidelity Management & Research Company (3) | 4,765,481 | 13.2 | %
Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (4) | 5,652,903 | 15.7 | %
Entities affiliated with OrbiMed Advisors LLC (5) | 2,670,023 | 7.4 | %
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (6) | 2,777,777 | 7.7 | %
Directors and Executive Officers:
Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. (7) | 996,361 | 2.7 | %
Caroline Dorsa (8) | 11,969 | *
Jean-François Formela, M.D. (9) | 7,843 | *
Carl L. Gordon, Ph.D., CFA (10) | 2,670,023 | 7.4 | %
Perry Karsen (8) | 10,588 | *
John M. Leonard, Ph.D. (11) | 633,868 | 1.8 | %
José E. Rivera, J.D. (12) | 316,934 | *
All current executive officers and directors as a group (8 persons) (13) | 4,647,586 | 12.8 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent of our outstanding common stock. (1) | All shares are held directly by Atlas Venture Fund IX, L.P., or Atlas Venture Fund IX. Atlas Venture Associates IX, L.P., or AVA IX LP, is the general partner of Atlas Venture Fund IX, and Atlas Venture 38 Table of Contents Associates IX, LLC, or AVA IX LLC, is the general partner of AVA IX LP. Peter Barrett, Bruce Booth, Jean-François Formela, Jeff Fagnan and Ryan Moore are the members of AVA IX LLC and collectively make investment decisions on behalf of Atlas Venture Fund IX. Dr. Formela is also a member of our board of directors. The address for Atlas Venture Fund IX, is 25 First Street, Suite 303, Cambridge, MA 02141. (2) | Caribou Therapeutics Holdco, LLC (Caribou Holdco) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Caribou. The address for Caribou Holdco is 2929 Seventh Street, Suite 105, Berkeley, CA 94710. (3) | The information reported is based on a Schedule 13G/A, as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017, in which FMR LLC and certain of its affiliates reported that FMR LLC, a parent holding company, and Abigail P. Johnson, the Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of FMR LLC have sole dispositive power over all of the shares but share voting control over the shares with certain affiliates of FMR LLC. The principal business address of FMR LLC is 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210. (4) | Novartis is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of, and controlled by, Novartis AG. The address for Novartis is 250 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139. (5) | Consists of (i) 2,038,866 shares of common stock held by OrbiMed Private Investments V, LP, or OPI V, (ii) 623,314 shares of common stock held by OrbiMed Global Healthcare Master Fund, L.P., or OGH, and (iii) 7,843 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options issued to Dr. Carl L. Gordon that are exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. OrbiMed Capital GP V LLC, or GP V, is the general partner of OPI V, and OrbiMed Global Healthcare GP LLC, or OGH GP, is the general partner of OGH. OrbiMed Advisors LLC, or OrbiMed, is the managing member of each of GP V and OGH GP. Samuel D. Isaly is the managing member of and owner of a controlling interest in OrbiMed. By virtue of such relationships, GP V, OrbiMed and Mr. Isaly may be deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by OPI V and as a result may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such shares, and OGH GP, OrbiMed and Mr. Isaly may be deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by OGH and as a result may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such shares. Dr. Carl L. Gordon, one of our board members, is a member of OrbiMed. Dr. Gordon is obligated to transfer any shares issued pursuant to any equity grants made to him by Intellia, or the economic benefits thereof, to OrbiMed and certain of its related entities. Each of GP V, OGH GP, OrbiMed, Mr. Isaly and Dr. Gordon disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by OPI V and OGH, respectively, except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interest therein, if any. The address for these entities is 601 Lexington Avenue, 54th floor, New York, New York 10022. (6) | The address for Regeneron is 777 Old Saw Mill River Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591. (7) | Consists of (i) 786,633 shares of common stock, which are subject to vesting requirements, and (ii) 209,728 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. (8) | Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. (9) | See footnote (1) above. Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Dr. Formela that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2017. Dr. Formela is a member of AVA IX LLC and is obligated to transfer the economic benefit, if any, received upon the sale of the shares issuable upon exercise of the equity grants to Atlas Venture Advisors, L.P. As such, Dr. Formela disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities reported herein for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein, if any. (10) | Consists of the shares listed in footnote (5) above. Dr. Gordon is a member of OrbiMed, which is the managing member of the general partner of OPI V, and the general partner of OGH, and as such Dr. Gordon may be deemed to share voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by such entities. Dr. Gordon disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of this pecuniary interest therein if any. Dr. Gordon’s business address is 601 Lexington Avenue, 54th floor, New York, New York 10022. (11) | Consists of (i) 524,420 shares of common stock, which are subject to vesting requirements, and (ii) 109,448 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. 39 Table of Contents (12) | Consists of (i) 262,210 shares of common stock, which are subject to vesting requirements, and (ii) 54,724 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. (13) | Consists of 4,235,443 shares of common stock and 412,143 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2017. 40 Table of Contents SECTION 16(a) BENEFIC AL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons holding more than 10% of our common stock to report their initial
ownership of the common stock and other equity securities and any changes in that ownership in reports that must be filed with the SEC. The SEC has designated specific deadlines for these reports, and we must identify in this proxy statement those
persons who did not file these reports when due. Based solely on a review of reports furnished to us, or written representations from reporting persons,
we believe all directors, executive officers, and 10% owners timely filed all reports regarding transactions in our securities required to be filed for 2016 by Section 16(a) under the Exchange Act. REP ORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee is appointed by the board of directors to assist the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to
(1) the integrity of Intellia’s financial statements and financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (2) the qualifications,
independence, and performance of Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm, (3) the performance of Intellia’s internal audit function, if any, and (4) other matters as set forth in the charter of the audit
committee approved by the board of directors. Management is responsible for the preparation of Intellia’s financial statements and the financial
reporting process, including its system of internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing an audit of Intellia’s financial
statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and issuing a report thereon. The audit committee’s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. In connection with these responsibilities, the audit committee reviewed and discussed with management and the independent registered public accounting firm
the audited consolidated financial statements of Intellia for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. The audit committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the
PCAOB’s Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communication with Audit Committees . In addition, the audit committee received written communications from the independent registered public accounting firm confirming their independence as
required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm their independence. Based
on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the audit committee recommended to the board of directors that the audited consolidated financial statements of Intellia be included in Intellia’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, that was filed with the SEC. THE AUDIT
COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. Caroline Dorsa, Chairperson Jean-François Formela, M.D. Carl L. Gordon, Ph.D., CFA April 18, 2017 41 Table of Contents H OUSEHOLDING Some banks, brokers and other nominee record holders may be participating in the practice of “householding” proxy statements and annual reports.
This means that only one copy of our documents, including the annual report to stockholders and proxy statement, may have been sent to multiple stockholders in your household. We will promptly deliver a separate copy of either document to you upon
written or oral request to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary, telephone: 857-285-6200. If
you want to receive separate copies of the proxy statement or annual report to stockholders in the future, or if you are receiving multiple copies and would like to receive only one copy per household, you should contact your bank, broker or other
nominee record holder, or you may contact us at the above address and phone number. STOCKHOLD ER PROPOSALS A stockholder who would like to have a proposal considered for inclusion in our 2018 proxy statement must submit the proposal in accordance with the
procedures outlined in Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act so that it is received by us no later than December 19, 2017. However, if the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is changed by more than
30 days from the date of the previous year’s meeting, then the deadline is a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. SEC rules set standards for eligibility and specify
the types of stockholder proposals that may be excluded from a proxy statement. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary. If a stockholder wishes to propose a nomination of persons for election to our board of directors or present a proposal at an annual meeting but does not wish
to have the proposal considered for inclusion in our proxy statement and proxy card, our second amended and restated by-laws establish an advance notice procedure for such nominations and proposals.
Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the
meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely notice in proper form to our corporate secretary of the stockholder’s intention to bring such business before the meeting. The required notice must be in writing and received by our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days
prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting. However, in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 20 days, or delayed by more than 60 days, from the first anniversary of the preceding
year’s annual meeting, a stockholder’s notice must be so received no earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and
(B) the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of such annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. For stockholder proposals to be brought before the 2018
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the required notice must be received by our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices no earlier than January 18, 2018 and no later than February 17, 2018. Stockholder proposals and the required
notice should be addressed to Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., 40 Erie Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attention: IR/Corporate Secretary. OTHE R MATTERS Our board of directors does not know of any other matters to be brought before the Annual Meeting. If any other matters not mentioned in this proxy statement
are properly brought before the meeting, the individuals named in the enclosed proxy intend to use their discretionary voting authority under the proxy to vote the proxy in accordance with their best judgment on those matters. 42 Table of Contents Appendix A INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN SECTION 1. GENERAL
PURPOSE OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS The name of the plan is the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and
Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”). The purpose of the Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “ Company ”) and its Subsidiaries
upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the
Company’s welfare will assure a closer identification of their interests with those of the Company and its stockholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company’s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company. The following terms shall be defined as set forth below: “ Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. “ Administrator ” means either the Board or the compensation committee of the Board or a similar committee performing the
functions of the compensation committee and which is comprised of not less than two Non-Employee Directors who are independent. “ Award ” or “ Awards ,” except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include
Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Cash-Based Awards, Performance Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights. “ Award Certificate ” means a written or electronic document setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award
granted under the Plan. Each Award Certificate is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. “ Board ” means the
Board of Directors of the Company. “ Cash-Based Award ” means an Award entitling the recipient to receive a
cash-denominated payment. “ Cause ” shall have the meaning set forth in any employment or other service agreement between
the Company and a grantee. If a grantee is not party to an employment or other service agreement or the grantee’s employment or other service agreement does not contain a definition of “Cause,” it shall mean (i) the grantee’s
dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the grantee’s commission of
(A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the grantee’s failure to perform his or her assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company, which failure
continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the grantee by the Company; (iv) the grantee’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any affiliate of the
Company; or (v) the grantee’s material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the grantee and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions. “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and
interpretations. “ Consultant ” means any natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company, and such
services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company’s securities. A-1 Table of Contents “ Covered Employee ” means an employee who is a “Covered Employee”
within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. “ Dividend Equivalent Right ” means an Award entitling the grantee
to receive credits based on cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares of Stock specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right (or other award to which it relates) if such shares had been issued to and held by the grantee. “ Effective Date ” means the date on which the Plan becomes effective as set forth in Section 21. “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. “ Fair Market Value ” of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the
Administrator; provided, however, that if the Stock is admitted to quotation on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (“ NASDAQ ”), NASDAQ Global Market or another national securities exchange, the
determination shall be made by reference to market quotations. If there are no market quotations for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there are market quotations; provided
further, however, that if the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the “Price to the Public” (or
equivalent) set forth on the cover page for the final prospectus relating to the Company’s Initial Public Offering. “ Good
Reason ” shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement between the Company and a grantee. If a grantee is not party to an employment agreement or the grantee’s employment agreement does not contain a definition of
“Good Reason,” it shall mean (i) a material diminution in the grantee’s base salary except for across-the-board salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly situated employees of the Company or (ii) a
change of more than 50 miles in the geographic location at which the grantee provides services to the Company, so long as the grantee provides at least 90 days’ notice to the Company following the initial occurrence of any such event and the
Company fails to cure such event within 30 days thereafter. “ Incentive Stock Option ” means any Stock Option designated
and qualified as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422 of the Code. “ Initial Public
Offering ” means the first underwritten, firm commitment public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act covering the offer and sale by the Company of its equity securities, or such other event as a result of or
following which the Stock shall be publicly held. “ Non-Employee Director ” means a member of the Board who is not also an
employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. “ Non-Qualified Stock Option ” means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive
Stock Option. “ Option ” or “ Stock Option ” means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant
to Section 5. “ Performance-Based Award ” means any Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Share
Award or Cash-Based Award granted to a Covered Employee that is intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. A-2 Table of Contents “ Performance Criteria ” means the criteria that the Administrator selects for
purposes of establishing the Performance Goal or Performance Goals for an individual for a Performance Cycle. The Performance Criteria (which shall be applicable to the organizational level specified by the Administrator, including, but not limited
to, the Company or a unit, division, group, or Subsidiary of the Company) that will be used to establish Performance Goals are limited to the following: total shareholder return, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, net
income (loss) (either before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization), changes in the market price of the Stock, economic value-added, funds from operations or similar measure, sales or revenue, developmental, clinical or
regulatory milestones, acquisitions or strategic transactions, including licenses, collaborations, joint ventures, or promotion arrangements, operating income (loss), cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow),
return on capital, assets, equity, or investment, return on sales, gross or net profit levels, productivity, expense, margins, operating efficiency, customer satisfaction, working capital, earnings (loss) per share of Stock, sales or market shares
and number of customers, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or as compared to results of a peer group. The Committee may appropriately adjust any evaluation performance under a
Performance Criterion to exclude any of the following events that occurs during a Performance Cycle: (i) asset write-downs or impairments, (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (iii) the effect of changes in tax law,
accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reporting results, (iv) accruals for reorganizations and restructuring programs, and (v) any item of an unusual nature or of a type that indicates infrequency of occurrence,
or both, including those described in the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s authoritative guidance and/or in management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition of operations appearing the Company’s annual report to
stockholders for the applicable year. “ Performance Cycle ” means one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and
overlapping durations, as the Administrator may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Criteria will be measured for the purpose of determining a grantee’s right to and the payment of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted
Stock Units, Performance Share Award or Cash-Based Award, the vesting and/or payment of which is subject to the attainment of one or more Performance Goals. Each such period shall not be less than 12 months. “ Performance Goals ” means, for a Performance Cycle, the specific goals established in writing by the Administrator for a
Performance Cycle based upon the Performance Criteria. “ Performance Share Award ” means an Award entitling the recipient
to acquire shares of Stock upon the attainment of specified Performance Goals. “ Restricted Shares ” means the
shares of Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award that remain subject to a risk of forfeiture or the Company’s right of repurchase. “ Restricted Stock Award ” means an Award of Restricted Shares subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator
may determine at the time of grant. “ Restricted Stock Units ” means an Award of stock units subject to such restrictions
and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time of grant. A-3 Table of Contents “ Sale Event ” shall mean (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (ii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the holders of the Company’s outstanding voting power and outstanding stock immediately prior
to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power and outstanding stock or other equity interests of the resulting or successor entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable) immediately upon completion of such transaction,
(iii) the sale of all of the Stock of the Company to an unrelated person, entity or group thereof acting in concert, or (iv) any other transaction in which the owners of the Company’s outstanding voting power immediately prior to such
transaction do not own at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Company or any successor entity immediately upon completion of the transaction other than as a result of the acquisition of securities directly from the Company. “ Sale Price ” means the value as determined by the Administrator of the consideration payable, or otherwise to be received by
stockholders, per share of Stock pursuant to a Sale Event. “ Section 409A ” means Section 409A of the Code and the
regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. “ Stock ” means the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
the Company, subject to adjustments pursuant to Section 3. “ Stock Appreciation Right ” means an Award entitling the
recipient to receive shares of Stock having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right multiplied by the number of shares of Stock with respect to
which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. “ Subsidiary ” means any corporation or other entity (other
than the Company) in which the Company has at least a 50 percent interest, either directly or indirectly. “ Ten Percent
Owner ” means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or
subsidiary corporation. “ Unrestricted Stock Award ” means an Award of shares of Stock free of any restrictions. SECTION 2. | ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; ADMINISTRATOR AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS (a) Administration of Plan . The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. (b) Powers of Administrator . The Administrator
shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the power and authority: (i) to select
the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; A-4 Table of Contents (ii) to determine the time or times of grant, and the extent, if any, of Incentive Stock Options,
Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Cash-Based Awards, Performance Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights, or any combination of the foregoing,
granted to any one or more grantees; (iii) to determine the number of shares of Stock to be covered by any Award; (iv) to determine and modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan,
of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the forms of Award Certificates; (v) to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award; (vi) subject to the provisions of Section 5(c), to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised; and (vii) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and
proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including related written instruments); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes
arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. All decisions and interpretations of the
Administrator shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and Plan grantees. (c) Delegation of Authority to Grant
Awards . Subject to applicable law, the Administrator, in its discretion, may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company all or part of the Administrator’s authority and duties with respect to the granting of Awards to
individuals who are (i) not subject to the reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and (ii) not Covered Employees. Any such delegation by the Administrator shall include a limitation as to the amount of Stock
underlying Awards that may be granted during the period of the delegation and shall contain guidelines as to the determination of the exercise price and the vesting criteria. The Administrator may revoke or amend the terms of a delegation at any
time but such action shall not invalidate any prior actions of the Administrator’s delegate or delegates that were consistent with the terms of the Plan. (d) Award Certificate . Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Certificates that set forth the terms, conditions and
limitations for each Award, which may include, without limitation, the term of an Award and the provisions applicable in the event employment or service terminates. (e) Indemnification . Neither the Board nor the Administrator, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any
act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and the Administrator (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and
reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense A-5 Table of Contents (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under the Company’s articles of incorporation or
by-laws or any directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any indemnification agreement between such individual and the Company. (f) Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other
countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries may operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which Subsidiaries shall
be covered by the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with
applicable foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Administrator determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall
be attached to this Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 3(a) hereof; and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that
the Administrator determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards
shall be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. SECTION 3. STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS; SUBSTITUTION (a) Stock Issuable . The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 12,000,000 (the
“Initial Limit”), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(d), plus on January 1, 2017 and each January 1 thereafter, the number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be
cumulatively increased by four percent of the number of shares of Stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares of Stock as determined by the Administrator (the “Annual
Increase”). Subject to such overall limitation, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued in the form of Incentive Stock Options shall not exceed the Initial Limit cumulatively increased on January 1, 2017 and on
each January 1 thereafter by the lesser of the Annual Increase for such year or 12,000,000 shares of Stock, subject in all cases to adjustment as provided in Section 3(d). The shares of Stock underlying any Awards that are forfeited,
canceled, held back upon exercise of an Option or settlement of an Award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by
exercise) shall be added back to the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan. In the event the Company repurchases shares of Stock on the open market, such shares shall not be added to the shares of Stock available for issuance under
the Plan. Subject to such overall limitations, shares of Stock may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award; provided, however, that Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with respect to no more than the
Initial Limit may be granted to any one individual grantee during any one calendar year. The shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares of Stock or shares of Stock reacquired by the Company. A-6 Table of Contents (b) Maximum Awards to Non-Employee Directors . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Plan, the value of all Awards awarded under this Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any Non-Employee Director in any calendar year shall not exceed $1,000,000. For the purpose of this limitation, the value of any Award
shall be its grant date fair value, as determined in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 718 or successor provision but excluding the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting provisions. (c) Changes in Stock . Subject to Section 3(d) hereof, if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company’s capital stock, the outstanding shares of Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of
the Company, or additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such shares of Stock or other securities, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation,
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding shares of Stock are converted into or exchanged for securities of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Administrator shall make an
appropriate or proportionate adjustment in (i) the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, including the maximum number of shares that may be issued in the form of Incentive Stock Options, (ii) the number of Stock
Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that can be granted to any one individual grantee and the maximum number of shares that may be granted under a Performance-Based Award, (iii) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to any
then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iv) the repurchase price, if any, per share subject to each outstanding Restricted Stock Award, and (v) the exercise price for each share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights) as to which such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights remain
exercisable. The Administrator shall also make equitable or proportionate adjustments in the number of shares subject to outstanding Awards and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding Awards to take into consideration cash dividends paid
other than in the ordinary course or any other extraordinary corporate event. The adjustment by the Administrator shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of Stock shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such
adjustment, but the Administrator in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares. (d) Mergers and Other
Transactions . In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the parties thereto may cause the assumption or continuation of Awards theretofore granted by the successor entity, or the substitution of such Awards with new Awards
of the successor entity or parent thereof, with appropriate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and, if appropriate, the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree. In the event that Awards are assumed, continued or
substituted in connection with a Sale Event and a grantee’s employment or other service relationship is terminated without Cause by the Company, or its successor, or the grantee’s employment is terminated by the grantee for Good Reason, in
either case in connection with or within 12 months following the Sale Event, (i) except as may otherwise be provided in the relevant Award Certificate, all Awards held by such grantee with time-based vesting, conditions or restrictions shall become
fully vested and nonforfeitable as of the effective time of such termination, and (ii) all Awards held by such grantee with conditions and restrictions relating to the attainment of performance goals may become vested and nonforfeitable in the
Administrator’s discretion or to the extent specified in the relevant Award Certificate. To the extent the parties to such Sale Event do not provide for the assumption, continuation or substitution of Awards, upon the effective time of the Sale
Event, the Plan and all outstanding Awards granted hereunder shall terminate. In such case, except as may be otherwise provided in the relevant Award Certificate, all Awards with time-based vesting, conditions or restrictions shall become fully
vested and nonforfeitable as of the effective time of the Sale Event, and all Awards with conditions and restrictions relating to the attainment of performance goals may A-7 Table of Contents become vested and nonforfeitable in connection with a Sale Event in the Administrator’s discretion or to the extent specified in the relevant Award Certificate. In the event of such
termination, (i) the Company shall have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in kind, to the grantees holding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an
amount equal to the difference between (A) the Sale Price multiplied by the number of shares of Stock subject to outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (to the extent then exercisable at prices not in excess of the Sale Price) and
(B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights; or (ii) each grantee shall be permitted, within a specified period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as determined by the
Administrator, to exercise all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (to the extent then exercisable) held by such grantee. The Company shall also have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in
kind, to the grantees holding other Awards in an amount equal to the Sale Price multiplied by the number of vested shares of Stock under such Awards. SECTION 4. ELIGIBILITY Grantees under
the Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are selected from time to time by the Administrator in its sole discretion. SECTION 5. STOCK OPTIONS (a) Award of
Stock Options . The Administrator may grant Stock Options under the Plan. Any Stock Option granted under the Plan shall be in such form as the Administrator may from time to time approve. Stock Options granted under the Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options may be
granted only to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that is a “subsidiary corporation” within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, it shall be
deemed a Non-Qualified Stock Option. Stock Options granted pursuant to this Section 5 shall be subject to the following terms and
conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable. If the Administrator so determines, Stock Options may be granted in lieu of cash compensation
at the optionee’s election, subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator may establish. (b) Exercise Price . The
exercise price per share for the Stock covered by a Stock Option granted pursuant to this Section 5 shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the date of
grant. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the option price of such Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value on the grant date. (c) Option Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than
ten years after the date the Stock Option is granted. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock Option shall be no more than five years from the date of grant. A-8 Table of Contents (d) Exercisability; Rights of a Stockholder . Stock Options shall become exercisable at
such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Administrator at or after the grant date. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the exercisability of all or any portion of any Stock Option. An optionee shall
have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. (e) Method of Exercise . Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part, by giving written or electronic notice of exercise to the
Company, specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the following methods except to the extent otherwise provided in the Option Award Certificate: (i) In cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; (ii) Through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership following such procedures as the Company may prescribe) of shares of Stock that are
not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. Such surrendered shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date; (iii) By the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to
promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with
such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Company shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; or (iv) With respect to Stock Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the
Company will reduce the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the shares
of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his stead in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase
price for such shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the Option Award Certificate or applicable provisions of laws (including the satisfaction of any withholding taxes that the Company is obligated to withhold with
respect to the optionee). In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned shares of Stock through the attestation method, the number of shares of Stock transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option
shall be net of the number of attested shares. In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the exercise of Stock Options, such as a system using an internet website or
interactive voice response, then the paperless exercise of Stock Options may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. A-9 Table of Contents (f) Annual Limit on Incentive Stock Options . To the extent required for “incentive
stock option” treatment under Section 422 of the Code, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the shares of Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan and any other plan of
the Company or its parent and subsidiary corporations become exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000. To the extent that any Stock Option exceeds this limit, it shall constitute a
Non-Qualified Stock Option. SECTION 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS (a) Award of Stock Appreciation Rights . The Administrator may grant Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan. A Stock Appreciation Right
is an Award entitling the recipient to receive shares of Stock having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right multiplied by the number
of shares of Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. (b) Exercise Price of Stock
Appreciation Rights . The exercise price of a Stock Appreciation Right shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of grant. (c) Grant and Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted by the Administrator independently of any
Stock Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan. (d) Terms and Conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights . Stock
Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined from time to time by the Administrator. The term of a Stock Appreciation Right may not exceed ten years. SECTION 7. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS (a) Nature of Restricted Stock Awards . The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock Awards under the Plan. A Restricted Stock Award is any Award of Restricted Shares subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine
at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives. The terms and conditions of each such Award shall be determined by the
Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. (b) Rights as a Stockholder . Upon the
grant of the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the voting of the Restricted Shares and receipt of dividends; provided that if the lapse of
restrictions with respect to the Restricted Stock Award is tied to the attainment of performance goals, any dividends paid by the Company during the performance period shall accrue and shall not be paid to the grantee until and to the extent the
performance goals are met A-10 Table of Contents with respect to the Restricted Stock Award. Unless the Administrator shall otherwise determine, (i) uncertificated Restricted Shares shall be accompanied by a notation on the records of the
Company or the transfer agent to the effect that they are subject to forfeiture until such Restricted Shares are vested as provided in Section 7(d) below, and (ii) certificated Restricted Shares shall remain in the possession of the
Company until such Restricted Shares are vested as provided in Section 7(d) below, and the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company such instruments of transfer as the Administrator may prescribe. (c) Restrictions . Restricted Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as
specifically provided herein or in the Restricted Stock Award Certificate. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below, in writing after the Award is issued, if a
grantee’s employment (or other service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason, any Restricted Shares that have not vested at the time of termination shall automatically and without any requirement of
notice to such grantee from or other action by or on behalf of, the Company be deemed to have been reacquired by the Company at its original purchase price (if any) from such grantee or such grantee’s legal representative simultaneously with
such termination of employment (or other service relationship), and thereafter shall cease to represent any ownership of the Company by the grantee or rights of the grantee as a stockholder. Following such deemed reacquisition of Restricted Shares
that are represented by physical certificates, a grantee shall surrender such certificates to the Company upon request without consideration. (d) Vesting of Restricted Shares . The Administrator at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates and/or the attainment of
pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the non-transferability of the Restricted Shares and the Company’s right of repurchase or forfeiture shall lapse. Subsequent to such date or dates and/or the attainment
of such pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions, the shares on which all restrictions have lapsed shall no longer be Restricted Shares and shall be deemed “vested.” SECTION 8. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (a) Nature of Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. A Restricted Stock Unit is an Award of stock units that may be settled in shares of Stock upon the satisfaction of such restrictions and
conditions at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives. The terms and conditions of each such Award shall be determined
by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. Except in the case of Restricted Stock Units with a deferred settlement date that complies with Section 409A, at the end of the vesting period,
the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent vested, shall be settled in the form of shares of Stock. Restricted Stock Units with deferred settlement dates are subject to Section 409A and shall contain such additional terms and conditions as the
Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion in order to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. A-11 Table of Contents (b) Election to Receive Restricted Stock Units in Lieu of Compensation . The Administrator
may, in its sole discretion, permit a grantee to elect to receive a portion of future cash compensation otherwise due to such grantee in the form of an award of Restricted Stock Units. Any such election shall be made in writing and shall be
delivered to the Company no later than the date specified by the Administrator and in accordance with Section 409A and such other rules and procedures established by the Administrator. Any such future cash compensation that the grantee elects
to defer shall be converted to a fixed number of Restricted Stock Units based on the Fair Market Value of Stock on the date the compensation would otherwise have been paid to the grantee if such payment had not been deferred as provided herein. The
Administrator shall have the sole right to determine whether and under what circumstances to permit such elections and to impose such limitations and other terms and conditions thereon as the Administrator deems appropriate. Any Restricted Stock
Units that are elected to be received in lieu of cash compensation shall be fully vested, unless otherwise provided in the Award Certificate. (c) Rights as a Stockholder . A grantee shall have the rights as a stockholder only as to shares of Stock acquired by the grantee upon
settlement of Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that the grantee may be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the stock units underlying his or her Restricted Stock Units, subject to the provisions of Section 11 and
such terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine. (d) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the
Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below, in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee’s right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the grantee’s
termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason. SECTION 9. UNRESTRICTED STOCK
AWARDS Grant or Sale of Unrestricted Stock . The Administrator may grant (or sell at par value or such higher purchase price
determined by the Administrator) an Unrestricted Stock Award under the Plan. An Unrestricted Stock Award is an Award pursuant to which the grantee may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be
granted in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee. SECTION 10. CASH-BASED
AWARDS Grant of Cash-Based Awards . The Administrator may grant Cash-Based Awards under the Plan. A Cash-Based Award is an Award
that entitles the grantee to a payment in cash upon the attainment of specified Performance Goals. The Administrator shall determine the maximum duration of the Cash-Based Award, the amount of cash to which the Cash-Based Award pertains, the
conditions upon which the Cash-Based Award shall become vested or payable, and such other provisions as the Administrator shall determine. Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a cash-denominated payment amount, formula or payment ranges as determined
by the Administrator. Payment, if any, with respect to a Cash-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Award and may be made in cash. A-12 Table of Contents SECTION 11. PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS (a) Nature of Performance Share Awards . The Administrator may grant Performance Share Awards under the Plan. A Performance Share Award
is an Award entitling the grantee to receive shares of Stock upon the attainment of performance goals. The Administrator shall determine whether and to whom Performance Share Awards shall be granted, the performance goals, the periods during which
performance is to be measured, which may not be less than one year except in the case of a Sale Event, and such other limitations and conditions as the Administrator shall determine. (b) Rights as a Stockholder . A grantee receiving a Performance Share Award shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares of
Stock actually received by the grantee under the Plan and not with respect to shares subject to the Award but not actually received by the grantee. A grantee shall be entitled to receive shares of Stock under a Performance Share Award only upon
satisfaction of all conditions specified in the Performance Share Award Certificate (or in a performance plan adopted by the Administrator). (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award agreement or, subject to Section 18
below, in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee’s rights in all Performance Share Awards shall automatically terminate upon the grantee’s termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its
Subsidiaries for any reason. SECTION 12. PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS TO COVERED EMPLOYEES (a) Performance-Based Awards . The Administrator may grant one or more Performance-Based Awards in the form of a Restricted Stock Award,
Restricted Stock Units, Performance Share Awards or Cash-Based Award payable upon the attainment of Performance Goals that are established by the Administrator and relate to one or more of the Performance Criteria, in each case on a specified date
or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator. The Administrator shall define in an objective fashion the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for any Performance Cycle. Depending on the
Performance Criteria used to establish such Performance Goals, the Performance Goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a division, business unit, or an individual. Each Performance-Based Award shall
comply with the provisions set forth below. (b) Grant of Performance-Based Awards . With respect to each Performance-Based Award
granted to a Covered Employee, the Administrator shall select, within the first 90 days of a Performance Cycle (or, if shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code) the Performance Criteria for such grant, and the
Performance Goals with respect to each Performance Criterion (including a threshold level of performance below which no amount will become payable with respect to such Award). Each Performance-Based Award will specify the amount payable, or the
formula for determining the amount payable, upon achievement of the various applicable performance targets. The Performance Criteria established by the Administrator may be (but need not be) different for each Performance Cycle and different
Performance Goals may be applicable to Performance-Based Awards to different Covered Employees. A-13 Table of Contents (c) Payment of Performance-Based Awards . Following the completion of a Performance Cycle,
the Administrator shall meet to review and certify in writing whether, and to what extent, the Performance Goals for the Performance Cycle have been achieved and, if so, to also calculate and certify in writing the amount of the Performance-Based
Awards earned for the Performance Cycle. The Administrator shall then determine the actual size of each Covered Employee’s Performance-Based Award. (d) Maximum Award Payable . The maximum Performance-Based Award payable to any one Covered Employee under the Plan for a Performance
Cycle is 2,500,000 shares of Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(d) hereof) or $5,000,000 in the case of a Performance-Based Award that is a Cash-Based Award. SECTION 13. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS (a) Dividend Equivalent Rights . The Administrator may grant Dividend Equivalent Rights under the Plan. A Dividend Equivalent Right is an
Award entitling the grantee to receive credits based on cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares of Stock specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right (or other Award to which it relates) if such shares had been issued to the grantee. A
Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted hereunder to any grantee as a component of an award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Share Award or as a freestanding award. The terms and conditions of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be specified
in the Award Certificate. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may thereafter accrue additional equivalents. Any such
reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment or such other price as may then apply under a dividend reinvestment plan sponsored by the Company, if any. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or shares of Stock or
a combination thereof, in a single installment or installments. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of an Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Share Award shall provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled
only upon settlement or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. (b) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18
below, in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee’s rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights shall automatically terminate upon the grantee’s termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its
Subsidiaries for any reason. A-14 Table of Contents SECTION 14. TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS (a) Transferability . Except as provided in Section 14(b) below, during a grantee’s lifetime, his or her Awards shall be
exercisable only by the grantee, or by the grantee’s legal representative or guardian in the event of the grantee’s incapacity. No Awards shall be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by a grantee other than
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order. No Awards shall be subject, in whole or in part, to attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, and any purported transfer in violation hereof shall be
null and void. (b) Administrator Action . Notwithstanding Section 14(a), the Administrator, in its discretion, may provide
either in the Award Certificate regarding a given Award or by subsequent written approval that the grantee (who is an employee or director) may transfer his or her Non-Qualified Stock Options to his or her immediate family members, to trusts for the
benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners, provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable
Award. In no event may an Award be transferred by a grantee for value. (c) Family Member . For purposes of Section 14(b),
“family member” shall mean a grantee’s child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or
sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the grantee’s household (other than a tenant of the grantee), a trust in which these persons (or the grantee) have more than 50 percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation
in which these persons (or the grantee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the grantee) own more than 50 percent of the voting interests. (d) Designation of Beneficiary . To the extent permitted by the Company, each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may
designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise any Award or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee’s death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Administrator and shall not
be effective until received by the Administrator. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee, the beneficiary shall be the grantee’s estate. SECTION 15. TAX WITHHOLDING (a) Payment by Grantee . Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Stock or other amounts received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for Federal income tax purposes,
pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to such income. The Company and its
Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee. The Company’s obligation to deliver evidence of book entry (or stock certificates) to any
grantee is subject to and conditioned on tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the grantee. A-15 Table of Contents (b) Payment in Stock . Subject to approval by the Administrator, a grantee may elect to
have the Company’s minimum required tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to any Award a number of shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value
(as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the withholding amount due. The Administrator may also require Awards to be subject to mandatory share withholding up to the required withholding amount. For purposes of share
withholding, the Fair Market Value of withheld shares shall be determined in the same manner as the value of Stock includible in income of the Participants. SECTION 16. SECTION 409A AWARDS To
the extent that any Award is determined to constitute “nonqualified deferred compensation” within the meaning of Section 409A (a “ 409A Award ”), the Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as
specified by the Administrator from time to time in order to comply with Section 409A. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a “separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A) to a grantee
who is then considered a “specified employee” (within the meaning of Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the grantee’s separation from
service, or (ii) the grantee’s death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to interest, penalties and/or additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A. Further, the settlement of
any such Award may not be accelerated except to the extent permitted by Section 409A. SECTION 17. | TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, TRANSFER, LEAVE OF ABSENCE, AND OTHER CHANGES TO EMPLOYMENT STATUS. (a) Termination of Employment . If the grantee’s employer ceases to be a Subsidiary, the grantee shall be deemed to have terminated
employment for purposes of the Plan. (b) For purposes of the Plan, the following events shall not be deemed a termination of employment: (i) a transfer to the employment of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another;
or (ii) an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Company, if the
employee’s right to re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Administrator otherwise so provides in writing. SECTION 18. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Administrator may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the
purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the holder’s consent. Except as provided in Section 3(c) or 3(d), without prior
stockholder approval, in no event may the Administrator exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or effect repricing through cancellation and re-grants or cancellation of Stock
Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash or other Awards. To the extent required under the rules of any securities exchange or market system on which the Stock is listed, to the extent A-16 Table of Contents determined by the Administrator to be required by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code, or to ensure that
compensation earned under Awards qualifies as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. Nothing in
this Section 18 shall limit the Administrator’s authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c) or 3(d). SECTION 19. STATUS OF PLAN With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other
consideration not received by a grantee, a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Administrator shall otherwise expressly determine in connection with any Award or Awards. In its sole
discretion, the Administrator may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the Company’s obligations to deliver Stock or make payments with respect to Awards hereunder, provided that the existence of such trusts or other
arrangements is consistent with the foregoing sentence. SECTION 20. GENERAL PROVISIONS (a) No Distribution . The Administrator may require each person acquiring Stock pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the
Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares without a view to distribution thereof. (b) Delivery of Stock
Certificates . Stock certificates to grantees under this Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to the
grantee, at the grantee’s last known address on file with the Company. Uncertificated Stock shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a Stock transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the grantee by electronic mail
(with proof of receipt) or by United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee’s last known address on file with the Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic “book
entry” records). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates evidencing shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has
determined, with advice of counsel (to the extent the Administrator deems such advice necessary or advisable), that the issuance and delivery of such certificates is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authorities
and, if applicable, the requirements of any exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed, quoted or traded. All Stock certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the
Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply with federal, state or foreign jurisdiction, securities or other laws, rules and quotation system on which the Stock is listed, quoted or traded. The Administrator may place legends on any Stock
certificate to reference restrictions applicable to the Stock. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Administrator may require that an individual make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the
Administrator, in its discretion, deems necessary or advisable in order to comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements. The Administrator shall have the right to require any individual to comply with any timing or other restrictions with
respect to the settlement or exercise of any Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Administrator. A-17 Table of Contents (c) Stockholder Rights . Until Stock is deemed delivered in accordance with
Section 20(b), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights of a stockholder will exist with respect to shares of Stock to be issued in connection with an Award, notwithstanding the exercise of a Stock Option or any other action by
the grantee with respect to an Award. (d) Other Compensation Arrangements; No Employment Rights . Nothing contained
in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, including trusts, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. The adoption of this Plan and the
grant of Awards do not confer upon any employee any right to continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiary. (e) Trading Policy Restrictions . Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company’s insider trading policies and procedures, as in effect from time to time. (f) Clawback Policy . Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company’s clawback policy, as in effect from
time to time. SECTION 21. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN The amendment and restatement of this Plan, as further amended and restated herein, shall become effective upon the date immediately preceding
the date of the Company’s Initial Public Offering following stockholder approval in accordance with applicable state law, the Company’s by-laws and articles of incorporation, and applicable stock exchange rules (or pursuant to written
consent), and upon such effectiveness, shall amend and restate the Company’s existing 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan in its entirety. No grants of Stock Options and other Awards may be made hereunder after the tenth anniversary of the
Effective Date and no grants of Incentive Stock Options may be made hereunder after the tenth anniversary of the date the Plan is approved by the Board. SECTION 22. GOVERNING LAW This Plan and
all Awards and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware applied without regard to conflict of law principles. DATE APPROVED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: January 19, 2016 DATE APPROVED BY STOCKHOLDERS: April 22, 2016 DATE
AMENDED AND RESTATED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: April 26, 2016 A-18 Table of Contents INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Optionee:
No. of Option Shares:
Option Exercise Price per Share: | $
[FMV on Grant Date (110% of FMV if a 10% owner)]
Grant Date:
Expiration Date:
[up to 10 years (5 if a 10% owner)] Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants to the Optionee named above an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date specified
above all or part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”), of the Company specified above at the Option Exercise Price per Share specified above subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein and in the Plan. 1. Exercisability Schedule . No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have
become exercisable. Except as set forth below, and subject to the discretion of the Administrator (as defined in Section 2 of the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be exercisable with respect to
the following number of Option Shares on the dates indicated so long as the Optionee remains in service to the Company or a Subsidiary on such dates: Incremental Number of Option Shares Exercisable* | Exercisability Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) * | Max. of $100,000 per yr. A-19 Table of Contents Once exercisable, this Stock Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior
to the close of business on the Expiration Date, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. 2. | Manner of Exercise . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the
following manner: from time to time on or prior to the Expiration Date of this Stock Option, the Optionee may give written notice to the Administrator of his or her election to purchase some or all of the Option Shares purchasable at the time of
such notice. This notice shall specify the number of Option Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price for the Option Shares
may be made by one or more of the following methods: (i) in cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; or (ii) by the Optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice
together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the option purchase price, provided that in the event the Optionee chooses to pay the option purchase
price as so provided, the Optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; or (iii) a
combination of (i) and (ii) above. Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the Optionee on
the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i) the Company’s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares, as set forth above, (ii) the fulfillment of
any other requirements contained herein or in the Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the
issuance of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of Stock Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the shares of Stock will be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. (b) The shares of Stock purchased upon exercise of this Stock Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of
the transfer agent upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Administrator with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the
Administrator as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Stock subject to this Stock Option unless
and until this Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee’s name shall have been entered as the stockholder of
record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such shares of Stock. (c) [RESERVED]. A-20 Table of Contents (d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option
shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date hereof. 3. Termination of Service . If the Optionee’s service to the Company or
a Subsidiary (as defined in the Plan) is terminated, the period within which to exercise the Stock Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. (a) Termination Due to Death . If the Optionee’s service terminates by reason of the Optionee’s death, any portion of this
Stock Option outstanding on such date, to the extent exercisable on the date of death, may thereafter be exercised by the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or until the Expiration Date,
if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of death shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. (b) Termination Due to Disability . If the Optionee’s service terminates by reason of the Optionee’s disability (as determined
by the Administrator), any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date, to the extent exercisable on the date of such termination, may thereafter be exercised by the Optionee for a period of 12 months from the date of disability or until
the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of disability shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. (c) Termination for Cause . If the Optionee’s service terminates for Cause, any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such
date shall terminate immediately and be of no further force and effect. For purposes hereof, “Cause” shall mean, unless otherwise provided in an employment, consulting or other service agreement between the Company and the Optionee, a
determination by the Administrator that the Optionee shall be dismissed as a result of (i) any material breach by the Optionee of any agreement between the Optionee and the Company; (ii) the conviction of, indictment for or plea of nolo
contendere by the Optionee to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude; or (iii) any material misconduct or willful and deliberate non-performance (other than by reason of disability) by the Optionee of the Optionee’s duties to the
Company, including failure to comply with the Company’s codes, policies and procedures, or legal obligations. (d) Other
Termination . If the Optionee’s service terminates for any reason other than the Optionee’s death, the Optionee’s disability, or Cause, and unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, any portion of this Stock Option
outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of three months from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not
exercisable on the date of termination shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. The Administrator’s
determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s service shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees. 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. A-21 Table of Contents 5. Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee, is non-assignable and is
not transferable in any manner, by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Stock Option is exercisable, during the Optionee’s lifetime, only by the Optionee, and thereafter, only by the
Optionee’s legal representative or legatee. 6. Status of the Stock Option . This Stock Option is intended to qualify as an
“incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), but the Company does not represent or warrant that this Stock Option qualifies as such. The Optionee should consult
with his or her own tax advisors regarding the tax effects of this Stock Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements.
To the extent any portion of this Stock Option does not so qualify as an “incentive stock option,” such portion shall be deemed to be a non-qualified stock option. If the Optionee intends to dispose or does dispose (whether by sale, gift,
transfer or otherwise) of any Option Shares within the one-year period beginning on the date after the transfer of such shares to him or her, or within the two-year period beginning on the day after the grant of this Stock Option, he or she will so
notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition. 7. Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the date as of
which the exercise of this Stock Option becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be
withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the minimum required tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Optionee a number
of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. 8. No Obligation to
Continue Service . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Optionee in service to the Company and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the
right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the service of the Optionee at any time. 9. Integration . This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 10. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number,
home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee
(i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, A-22 Table of Contents register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes
the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee shall have
access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. 11. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or
delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Optionee’s Signature
Optionee’s name and address: A-23 Table of Contents NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR COMPANY EMPLOYEES UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Optionee:
No. of Option Shares:
Option Exercise Price per Share: | $
[FMV on Grant Date]
Grant Date:
Expiration Date: Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants to the Optionee named above an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date specified
above all or part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”) of the Company specified above at the Option Exercise Price per Share specified above subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein
and in the Plan. This Stock Option is not intended to be an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1. Exercisability Schedule . No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Except as
set forth below, and subject to the discretion of the Administrator (as defined in Section 2 of the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be exercisable with respect to the following number of Option
Shares on the dates indicated so long as Optionee remains in service to the Company or a Subsidiary on such dates: Incremental Number of Option Shares Exercisable | Exercisability Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) A-24 Table of Contents Once exercisable, this Stock Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior
to the close of business on the Expiration Date, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. 2. Manner of Exercise. (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: from time to time on or prior to the Expiration Date of this
Stock Option, the Optionee may give written notice to the Administrator of his or her election to purchase some or all of the Option Shares purchasable at the time of such notice. This notice shall specify the number of Option Shares to be
purchased. Payment of the purchase price for the Option Shares may be made by one or more of the following methods: (i) in cash, by
certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; (ii) by the Optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the
Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the option purchase price, provided that in the event the Optionee chooses to pay the option purchase price as so provided, the Optionee and the broker shall comply with such
procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; (iii) by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce
the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; or (iv) a combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Payment
instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent
of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i) the Company’s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares, as set forth above, (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements contained herein or in the
Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the
exercise of Stock Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the shares of Stock will be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. (b) The shares of Stock purchased upon exercise of this Stock Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of
the transfer agent upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Administrator with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the
Administrator as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Stock subject to this Stock Option unless
and until this Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee’s name shall have been entered as the stockholder of
record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such shares of Stock. A-25 Table of Contents (c) [RESERVED]. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date
hereof. 3. Termination of Service . If the Optionee’s service to the Company or a Subsidiary (as defined in the Plan) is
terminated, the period within which to exercise the Stock Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. (a) Termination Due to Death . If the Optionee’s service terminates by reason of the Optionee’s death, any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date, to the extent exercisable on the date of death, may thereafter be exercised
by the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of death shall terminate
immediately and be of no further force or effect. (b) Termination Due to Disability . If the Optionee’s service terminates by
reason of the Optionee’s disability (as determined by the Administrator), any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date, to the extent exercisable on the date of such termination of service, may thereafter be exercised by the
Optionee for a period of 12 months from the date of disability or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of disability shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or
effect. (c) Termination for Cause . If the Optionee’s service terminates for Cause, any portion of this Stock Option
outstanding on such date shall terminate immediately and be of no further force and effect. For purposes hereof, “Cause” shall mean, unless otherwise provided in an employment, consulting or other service agreement between the Company and
the Optionee, a determination by the Administrator that the Optionee shall be dismissed as a result of (i) any material breach by the Optionee of any agreement between the Optionee and the Company; (ii) the conviction of, indictment for or
plea of nolo contendere by the Optionee to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude; or (iii) any material misconduct or willful and deliberate non-performance (other than by reason of disability) by the Optionee of the Optionee’s
duties to the Company, including failure to comply with the Company’s codes, policies and procedures, or legal obligations. (d) Other Termination . If the Optionee’s service terminates for any reason other than the Optionee’s death, the Optionee’s disability or Cause, and unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, any portion of this Stock Option
outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of three months from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not
exercisable on the date of termination shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. The Administrator’s
determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s service shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees. A-26 Table of Contents 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock
Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the
Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 5. Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee, is
non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Stock Option is exercisable, during the Optionee’s lifetime, only by the Optionee, and
thereafter, only by the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee. 6. Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the
date as of which the exercise of this Stock Option becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law
to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the minimum required tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Optionee a
number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. 7. No Obligation
to Continue Service . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Optionee in service to the Company and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with
the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the service of the Optionee at any time. 8. Integration . This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 9. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number,
home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee
(i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes
the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee shall have
access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. A-27 Table of Contents 10. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its
principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Optionee’s Signature
Optionee’s name and address: A-28 Table of Contents NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE CONSULTANTS UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Optionee:
No. of Option Shares:
Option Exercise Price per Share: | $
[FMV on Grant Date]
Grant Date:
Expiration Date:
[No more than 10 years] Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants to the Optionee named above, who is a Consultant of the Company, an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or
prior to the Expiration Date specified above all or part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”), of the Company specified above at the Option Exercise Price per Share specified above subject to
the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. This Stock Option is not intended to be an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1. Exercisability Schedule . No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Except as
set forth below, and subject to the discretion of the Administrator (as defined in Section 2 of the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be exercisable with respect to the following number of Option
Shares on the dates indicated so long as the Optionee remains in service to the Company or a Subsidiary as a Consultant on such dates: Incremental Number of Option Shares Exercisable | Exercisability Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) A-29 Table of Contents Once exercisable, this Stock Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior
to the close of business on the Expiration Date, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. 2. Manner of Exercise . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: from time to time on or prior to the Expiration Date of this
Stock Option, the Optionee may give written notice to the Administrator of his or her election to purchase some or all of the Option Shares purchasable at the time of such notice. This notice shall specify the number of Option Shares to be
purchased. Payment of the purchase price for the Option Shares may be made by one or more of the following methods: (i) in cash, by
certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; (ii) by the Optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the
Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the option purchase price, provided that in the event the Optionee chooses to pay the option purchase price as so provided, the Optionee and the broker shall comply with such
procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; (iii) by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce
the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; or (iv) a combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Payment
instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent
of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i) the Company’s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares, as set forth above, (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements contained herein or in the
Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the
exercise of Stock Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the shares of Stock will be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. (b) The shares of Stock purchased upon exercise of this Stock Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of
the transfer agent upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Administrator with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the
Administrator as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Stock subject to this Stock Option unless
and until this Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee’s name shall have been entered as the stockholder of
record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such shares of Stock. A-30 Table of Contents (c) [RESERVED]. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date
hereof. 3. Termination as Consultant . If the Optionee ceases to be a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason, any
portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date the Optionee ceased to provide services, for a period of three months from the date the Optionee ceased to provide services or until the
Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date the Optionee ceases to be a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 5. Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by
operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Stock Option is exercisable, during the Optionee’s lifetime, only by the Optionee, and thereafter, only by the Optionee’s legal representative
or legatee. 6. No Obligation to Continue as a Consultant or Service Provider . Neither the Plan nor this Stock Option confers upon
the Optionee any rights with respect to continuance as a Consultant or other service provider to the Company or a Subsidiary. 7. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 8. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number,
home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee
(i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes
the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee shall have
access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. A-31 Table of Contents 9. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal
place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Optionee’s Signature
Optionee’s name and address: A-32 Table of Contents NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Optionee:
No. of Option Shares:
Option Exercise Price per Share: | $
[FMV on Grant Date]
Grant Date:
Expiration Date:
[No more than 10 years] Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants to the Optionee named above, who is a Director of the Company but is not an employee of the Company, an option (the
“Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date specified above all or part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”), of the Company specified above at the Option Exercise
Price per Share specified above subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. This Stock Option is not intended to be an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. 1. Exercisability Schedule . No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become
exercisable. Except as set forth below, and subject to the discretion of the Administrator (as defined in Section 2 of the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be exercisable with respect to the
following number of Option Shares on the dates indicated so long as the Optionee remains in service as a member of the Board on such dates: Incremental Number of Option Shares Exercisable | Exercisability Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) A-33 Table of Contents Once exercisable, this Stock Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior
to the close of business on the Expiration Date, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. 2. Manner of Exercise . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: from time to time on or prior to the Expiration Date of this
Stock Option, the Optionee may give written notice to the Administrator of his or her election to purchase some or all of the Option Shares purchasable at the time of such notice. This notice shall specify the number of Option Shares to be
purchased. Payment of the purchase price for the Option Shares may be made by one or more of the following methods: (i) in cash, by
certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; (ii) by the Optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the
Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the option purchase price, provided that in the event the Optionee chooses to pay the option purchase price as so provided, the Optionee and the broker shall comply with such
procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; (iii) by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce
the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; or (iv) a combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Payment
instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent
of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i) the Company’s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares, as set forth above, (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements contained herein or in the
Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the
exercise of Stock Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the shares of Stock will be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. (b) The shares of Stock purchased upon exercise of this Stock Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of
the transfer agent upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Administrator with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the
Administrator as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Stock subject to this Stock Option unless
and until this Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee’s name shall have been entered as the stockholder of
record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such shares of Stock. A-34 Table of Contents (c) [RESERVED]. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date
hereof. 3. Termination as Director . If the Optionee ceases to be a Director of the Company, the period within which to exercise the
Stock Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. (a) Termination Due to Death . If the Optionee’s service
as a Director terminates by reason of the Optionee’s death, any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date, to the extent exercisable on the date of death, may thereafter be exercised by the Optionee’s legal representative or
legatee for a period of six months and one day from the date of death or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of death shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or
effect. (b) Other Termination . If the Optionee ceases to be a Director for any reason other than the Optionee’s death, any
portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date the Optionee ceased to be a Director, for a period of three months and one day from the date the Optionee ceased to be a Director or until
the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date the Optionee ceases to be a Director shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect. 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 5. Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by
operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Stock Option is exercisable, during the Optionee’s lifetime, only by the Optionee, and thereafter, only by the Optionee’s legal representative
or legatee. 6. No Obligation to Continue as a Director . Neither the Plan nor this Stock Option confers upon the Optionee any rights
with respect to continuance as a Director. 7. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 8. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant
Companies”) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or A-35 Table of Contents desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee (i) authorizes the Company to
collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and
transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee shall have access to, and the right to change, the
Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. 9. Notices . Notices hereunder shall
be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the
other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Optionee’s Signature
Optionee’s name and address: A-36 Table of Contents RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Grantee:
No. of Shares:
Grant Date: Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the
“Plan”) as amended through the date hereof, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (an “Award”) to the Grantee named above. Upon acceptance of this Award, the Grantee shall
receive the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”) of the Company specified above, subject to the restrictions and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The Company acknowledges the receipt from
the Grantee of consideration with respect to the par value of the Stock in the form of cash, past or future services rendered to the Company by the Grantee or such other form of consideration as is acceptable to the Administrator. 1. Award . The shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be issued and held by the Company’s transfer agent in book entry
form, and the Grantee’s name shall be entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Grantee shall have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such shares, including voting and dividend rights,
subject, however, to the restrictions and conditions specified in Paragraph 2 below. The Grantee shall (i) sign and deliver to the Company a copy of this Award Agreement and (ii) deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank. 2. Restrictions and Conditions. (a) Any book entries for the shares of Restricted Stock granted herein shall bear an appropriate legend, as determined by the Administrator in
its sole discretion, to the effect that such shares are subject to restrictions as set forth herein and in the Plan. (b) Shares of
Restricted Stock granted herein may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee prior to vesting. (c) If the Grantee’s service to the Company and its Subsidiaries is voluntarily or involuntarily terminated for any reason (including
death or disability) prior to vesting of shares of Restricted Stock granted herein, all shares of Restricted Stock shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and returned to the Company. A-37 Table of Contents 3. Vesting of Restricted Stock . The restrictions and conditions in Paragraph 2 of
this Agreement shall lapse on the Vesting Date or Dates specified in the following schedule so long as the Grantee remains in service to the Company or a Subsidiary on such Dates. If a series of Vesting Dates is specified, then the restrictions and
conditions in Paragraph 2 shall lapse only with respect to the number of shares of Restricted Stock specified as vested on such date. Incremental Number of Shares Vested | Vesting Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) Subsequent to such Vesting Date or Dates, the shares of Stock on which all restrictions and conditions have
lapsed shall no longer be deemed Restricted Stock. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 3. 4. Dividends . Dividends on shares of Restricted Stock shall be paid currently to the Grantee. 5. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Award shall be subject to and governed by all the terms
and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 6. Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Grantee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by operation of
law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 7. Tax Withholding . The Grantee shall, not later than
the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to
be withheld on account of such taxable event. Except in the case where an election is made pursuant to Paragraph 8 below, the Company shall have the authority to cause the required minimum tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in
part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued or released by the transfer agent a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. 8. Election Under Section 83(b) . The Grantee and the Company hereby agree that the Grantee may, within 30 days following the Grant
Date of this Award, file with the Internal Revenue Service and the Company an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. In the event the Grantee makes such an election, he or she agrees to provide a copy of the election to the
Company. The Grantee acknowledges that he or she is responsible for obtaining the advice of his or her tax advisors with regard to the Section 83(b) election and that he or she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of its agents with regard to such election. A-38 Table of Contents 9. No Obligation to Continue Service . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated
by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Grantee in service to the Company and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the service of the
Grantee at any time. 10. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this
Award and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 11. Data Privacy
Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process
any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of
the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information;
(ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the
Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable
law. A-39 Table of Contents 12. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its
principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Grantee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Grantee’s Signature
Grantee’s name and address: A-40 Table of Contents RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Grantee:
No. of Restricted Stock Units:
Grant Date: Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants an award of the number of Restricted Stock Units listed above (an “Award”) to the Grantee named above. Each
Restricted Stock Unit shall relate to one share of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”) of the Company. 1. Restrictions on Transfer of Award . This Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, and any shares of Stock issuable with respect to the Award may not be sold, transferred,
pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until (i) the Restricted Stock Units have vested as provided in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement and (ii) shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee in accordance with the terms of
the Plan and this Agreement. 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . The restrictions and conditions of Paragraph 1 of this
Agreement shall lapse on the Vesting Date or Dates specified in the following schedule so long as the Grantee remains in service as a member of the Board on such Dates. If a series of Vesting Dates is specified, then the restrictions and conditions
in Paragraph 1 shall lapse only with respect to the number of Restricted Stock Units specified as vested on such date. Incremental Number of Restricted Stock Units Vested | Vesting Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) The Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 2. 3. Termination of Service . If the Grantee’s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason (including
death or disability) prior to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Paragraph 2 above, any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of such date shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited, and neither
the Grantee nor any of his or her successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives will thereafter have any further rights or interests in such unvested Restricted Stock Units. A-41 Table of Contents 4. Issuance of Shares of Stock . As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in
no event later than two and one-half months after the end of the year in which the Vesting Date occurs), the Company shall issue to the Grantee the number of shares of Stock equal to the aggregate number of Restricted Stock Units that have vested
pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this Agreement on such date and the Grantee shall thereafter have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. 5. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 6. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the
settlement of the Award are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as “short-term deferrals” as described in Section 409A of the Code. 7. No Obligation to Continue as a Director . Neither the Plan nor this Award confers upon the Grantee any rights with respect to
continuance as a Director. 8. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this
Award and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 9. Data Privacy
Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process
any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of
the Plan and/or this Agreement (the “Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information;
(ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the
Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable
law. A-42 Table of Contents 10. Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its
principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Grantee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Grantee’s Signature
Grantee’s name and address: A-43 Table of Contents RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR COMPANY EMPLOYEES UNDER THE INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2015 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN Name of Grantee:
No. of Restricted Stock Units:
Grant Date: Pursuant to the Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan as
amended through the date hereof (the “Plan”), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby grants an award of the number of Restricted Stock Units listed above (an “Award”) to the Grantee named above. Each
Restricted Stock Unit shall relate to one share of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”) of the Company. 1. Restrictions on Transfer of Award . This Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, and any shares of Stock issuable with respect to the Award may not be sold, transferred,
pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until (i) the Restricted Stock Units have vested as provided in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement and (ii) shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee in accordance with the terms of
the Plan and this Agreement. 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . The restrictions and conditions of Paragraph 1 of this
Agreement shall lapse on the Vesting Date or Dates specified in the following schedule so long as the Grantee remains in service to the Company or a Subsidiary on such Dates. If a series of Vesting Dates is specified, then the restrictions and
conditions in Paragraph 1 shall lapse only with respect to the number of Restricted Stock Units specified as vested on such date. Incremental Number of Restricted Stock Units Vested | Vesting Date
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %)
( %) The Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 2. 3. Termination of Service . If the Grantee’s service to the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason (including death
or disability) prior to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Paragraph 2 above, any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of such date shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited, and neither the
Grantee nor any of his or her successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives will thereafter have any further rights or interests in such unvested Restricted Stock Units. A-44 Table of Contents 4. Issuance of Shares of Stock . As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in
no event later than two and one-half months after the end of the year in which the Vesting Date occurs), the Company shall issue to the Grantee the number of shares of Stock equal to the aggregate number of Restricted Stock Units that have vested
pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this Agreement on such date and the Grantee shall thereafter have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. 5. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Administrator set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. 6. Tax Withholding . The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the
authority to cause the required minimum tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from shares of Stock to be issued to the Grantee a number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would
satisfy the withholding amount due. 7. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all
provisions relating to the settlement of the Award are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as “short-term deferrals” as described in Section 409A of the Code. 8. No Obligation to Continue Service . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this
Agreement to continue the Grantee in service to the Company and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the service of the Grantee at any time. 9. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Award and supersedes all prior
agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 10. Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the
Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the “Relevant Companies”) may process any and all personal or professional data,
including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the
“Relevant Information”). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the
Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) A-45 Table of Contents authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and the right to change, the
Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law. 11. Notices . Notices hereunder
shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to
the other party in writing. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
By:
Title:
Name: The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned.
Electronic acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company’s instructions to the Grantee (including through an online acceptance process) is acceptable. Dated:
Grantee’s Signature
Grantee’s name and address: A-46 Table of Contents INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 40 ERIE STREET, SUITE 130 CAMBRIDGE, MA 02139 VOTE BY INTERNET Before The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.
During The Meeting - Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NTLA2017
You may attend the Meeting via the Internet and vote during the Meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow available and follow the instructions.
VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.
VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:
E28170-P92724 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following nominees:
1. | Election of Directors. Election of the following two individuals nominated to serve as Class I directors, each for a three-year term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2020. | For | Withhold
1a. Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. | ☐ | ☐
1b. Jean-François Formela, M.D. | ☐ | ☐
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 2 and 3. | For | Against | Abstain
2. | Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Intellia’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017. | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
3. | Ratification of the Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. | ☐ | ☐ | ☐ NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] | Date Signature (Joint Owners) | Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting: The Notice and Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are available at www.proxyvote.com. E28171-P92724 INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders May 18, 2017 9:00 AM This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors The undersigned hereby appoints Nessan Bermingham, Ph.D. and José Rivera, or either of them, as proxies, each with the
power to appoint his substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of common stock of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. that the undersigned is entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NTLA2017 on Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:00 AM, EDT and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy
will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. Continued and to be signed on
reverse side