Quarterly Financial Disclosure Statement
Three months ended March 31, 2024


Allina Health System




 Minnesota United’s power soccer team, which features members of the Allina Health Courage Kenny Power Soccer
 team, showcased their skills outside Allianz Field in the summer of 2023.

 For additional information please visit allinahealth.org.
 Direct questions regarding disclosure information to treasury@allina.com.
                                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                   Page


OFFICER’S CERTIFICATION .................................................................................................................................. 2
OVERVIEW OF ALLINA HEALTH ......................................................................................................................... 3
ALLINA HEALTH SYSTEM – CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................... 24
ALLINA OBLIGATED GROUP – COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .................................................... 33
ALLINA HEALTH SYSTEM – CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................. 36
CONSOLIDATED UTILIZATION .......................................................................................................................... 39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS .................................... 40
DEBT AND INVESTMENT APPENDIX ................................................................................................................ 45




                                                                             -i-
Officer’s Certification


I, the undersigned, being the Interim Chief Financial Officer of Allina Health System (Allina Health), a Minnesota
non-profit corporation, do hereby certify and declare that the accompanying interim consolidated financial statement
of the Allina Health System and the Allina Obligated Group for the three months ended March 31, 2024, have been
prepared in reasonable detail and are accurate in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on
a basis consistent with the accounting practices reflected in the annual financial statements.

These interim financial statements were developed by Allina Health and were not audited by an independent
accounting firm.

Dated: May 15, 2024

By: /S/ Doug Watson

        Doug Watson
        Interim Chief Financial Officer
        Allina Health System




                                                         2
Overview of Allina Health
Introduction
Allina Health System, primarily doing business as Allina Health (“Allina Health”), is a Minnesota non-profit
corporation and an integrated health care delivery network primarily serving the communities in the greater
Minneapolis-St. Paul (the “Twin Cities”) metro area and the western part of Wisconsin. Allina Health is anchored by
three Twin Cities metro area hospitals, Abbott Northwestern Hospital (“Abbott”), United Hospital (“United”) and
Mercy Hospital (“Mercy”), and is supported by a network of community hospitals, including two critical access
hospitals. Allina Health is staffed by employed physicians and a large, aligned provider network. With more than
28,000 full- and part-time employees as of December 31, 2023, Allina Health is one of the largest employers in
Minnesota. Allina Health consolidated revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024, was $1.3 billion.




                                                        3
The Allina Health Mission, Purpose and Promise

A Deep Commitment to Mission
Allina Health stands firmly on its mission as a nonprofit health care provider:

Allina Health serves communities by providing exceptional care to prevent illness, restore health and provide
                        comfort to all who entrust the organization with their care.

Purpose and Promise
Building on Allina Health’s strong nonprofit mission, the organization is taking steps to further solidify a mission-
driven culture through the declaration of a purpose and promise. Through the activation of the organization’s purpose
and promise, Allina Health will build a strong and differentiating culture able to take on the headwinds facing non-
profit health care in a successful and sustainable way.

Our Purpose | Allina Health exists to enable the flourishing of humanity

President and Chief Executive Officer Lisa Shannon declared Allina Health’s flourishing purpose in early 2023. Allina
Health and the health care industry have been through many unique challenges exacerbated by the COVID-19
pandemic and its ongoing impact. Looking ahead to the future of health care, it’s clear that recovery and healing is
needed for both those the organization serves and for those who serve a caring mission. Allina Health is creating a
culture anchored in the flourishing of its team, patients, communities and the planet. To flourish, a person must feel
that their whole self is valued, heard and supported. Allina Health seeks to create a sense of belonging so that each
person can flourish in ways that are unique and meaningful to them.

Our Promise | All Together Better

Flourishing is not articulated through a medical diagnosis. It comes down to how patients feel. Allina Health’s Promise
captures how it should feel to work or receive care at Allina Health in an environment that fosters flourishing. When
the organization’s people and communities flourish, they should feel All Together Better. At Allina Health, All
Together Better has a multi-dimensional meaning. It requires the full spectrum of services and teams to provide better
care to those we serve. Health is about more than individuals, it’s about the health of whole communities. By
approaching care like this, better outcomes are achieved. Allina Health’s All Together Better promise is a commitment
to keep striving for a world in which all people and all communities flourish.

Mission in Action

As a health care organization committed to improving health and preventing illness, Allina Health recognizes that health
goes beyond a clinical diagnosis. In support of Allina Health’s commitment to delivering holistic care, the organization
seeks to identify unmet health-related social needs in the patients and communities Allina Health serves through the
Health-Related Social Needs Program. The program is an evolution of the Accountable Health Communities Model, a
five-year cooperative agreement with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) that demonstrated how
identifying and addressing health-related social needs impacts health care quality, utilization and costs. Allina Health
offered and completed more screenings than any other participating organization in the country, according to CMS, and
now, the organization is transforming this work with the Health-Related Social Needs Program. The new program
screens patients more efficiently and effectively to understand how social isolation, food insecurity, housing instability,
difficulty paying utilities, access to transportation and safety make a difference in every patient’s health. The program
screened more than 393,000 patients in 2023 across all clinic locations and admitted and observation patients across the
system. With that information in hand, Allina Health care staff are able to connect patients with resources built to
alleviate or address these needs. For example, patients experiencing urgent food needs at an Allina Health clinic may
receive bagged meals for immediate support as well as a connection to a community resource to address food insecurity.



                                                            4
Allina Health by the Numbers
Allina Health owns and operates 11 hospital campuses and jointly owns and operates one other hospital. These include
urban tertiary care, suburban community, and rural hospitals. Allina Health hospitals provided 24,016 inpatient
admissions and 298,957 outpatient visits during the three months ended March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2024, Allina
Health hospitals had a licensed bed capacity of 2,451 acute care beds, 1,851 of which were staffed for inpatient
services.

Allina Health provides clinical services with care delivered by expert providers through numerous market-leading
clinical service lines and institutes. More than 600 primary care physicians provide care across Minnesota and western
Wisconsin by way of 60+ primary care clinic locations, as well as through virtual visits. For more specialized care
needs, Allina Health employs and contracts with a wide range of specialists and sub-specialists, including but not
limited to, cardiologists, neurologists, oncologists, orthopedic and sports medicine specialists, mental health and
addiction, spine surgeons, general surgeons, pulmonologists, OB/GYNs, dermatologists and integrative health. In
addition, hospital-based practices, such as hospitalists and intensivists help support the hospital campuses Allina
Health operates.

Allina Health physicians and allied professionals generated 2,703,203 work RVUs during the three months ended
March 31, 2024.

The Allina Integrated Medical (“AIM”) Network aligns Allina Health physicians, 1,500 independent medical
physicians, and more than 20 hospitals to deliver market-leading quality and efficiency in patient care. The AIM
Network helps power Allina Health as a comprehensive health care system with one of the largest physician networks
in Minnesota.

The AIM Network is structured to contract with third-party payers under outcomes-based payment arrangements. The
AIM Network is organized to provide a narrow network of Allina Health-aligned providers to share quality and cost-
performance risk. The AIM Network has developed a set of performance measures and data-sharing mechanisms to
enhance its performance under outcomes-based payment arrangements. One such arrangement that includes one of
AIM Network’s Accountable Care Organization products is Metro MN, which partners with Blue Cross Blue Shield
of Minnesota to optimize value-based care with strong capabilities, such as care management, and lower per-member
per-month costs compared to market benchmarks.




                                                          5
A Leading Health Care Organization in the Region
Allina Health has a strong market position in key clinical service lines relative to its competitors. Allina Health’s main
strengths are in cardiovascular and neuroscience, with strong market competitive services in orthopedics. At Allina
Health, patients have a go-to health care partner with convenient access to expert primary care providers at more than
60 primary care clinics. For more specialized needs, patients are connected with expert care teams from service lines
like Allina Health Neuroscience, Spine and Pain Institute, which has quickly become a regional leader in complex
care by aligning, coordinating and building upon the extensive talent and clinical programs across the system to create
a patient-focused approach to care that supports a patient from disease prevention to quaternary care and post-acute
to home care. Additionally, Allina Health Cancer Institute provides the seamless, comprehensive, whole person cancer
care patients need, serving as a more connected alternative to the fragmented nature of oncology services in the Twin
Cities.

Allina Health continues to have a stable and leading market share in the metropolitan area, with a 31.1% inpatient
market share as of September 30, 2023.

As an integrated health care system that includes hospitals, employed physicians, emergency medical services,
ambulatory care, pharmacy services, home care, hospice services and an automated electronic medical record system,
Allina Health is a leader in health care in the Twin Cities area and greater Minnesota, and is well-positioned for the
continued evolution of health care delivery.

Performance and Business Transformation
Allina Health has been steadfastly committed to transforming the organization’s performance and business as
nonprofit health systems across the country have navigated a confluence of negative economic and market factors
including staffing shortages, increased cost of goods and services, declining reimbursements relative to expenses
incurred, investment portfolio losses, supply chain challenges and other issues. The organization’s focused response
to these pressures began to show significant results in the final quarter of 2023 after experiencing operating and
investment losses in 2022 and operating losses in 2023. This performance improvement is an important building block
that empowers a continuation of this journey to achieve the goal of posting a breakeven operating margin in 2024 by
accelerating growth and cost improvement while structuring the organization for today’s volatile health care
environment.




Performance Transformation

Allina Health has partnered across the care continuum for years. In the post-pandemic environment, Allina Health has
redoubled its efforts at performance transformation, partnering with market-leading collaborators which are dedicated
to accelerating the system’s population health efforts and enabling appropriate and timely discharge to post-acute care.
Additionally, as of April 1, 2023, Allina Health has partnered with Huron Consulting Group, a nationally-recognized
consultant, to support the organization’s efforts to achieve key performance initiatives—including optimizing patient
flow, labor productivity, fixed and variable labor benchmarking to ensure quality and efficiency, corporate overhead
structures and associated administrative expenses, revenue cycle management and assessing optimal footprint to
deliver on key care delivery strategies. In conjunction, Allina Health is developing in-house solutions where



                                                            6
appropriate to improve performance and create a better experience for patients and teams faster than would otherwise
be possible to support patients and the community.

Allina Health’s performance transformation requires a dual approach that focuses both on strategic growth and cost
reduction to ensure sustainability. The organization remains focused on providing the most needed services to the
communities we serve in an efficient and sustainable care delivery model.

Since the beginning of April 2023, Allina Health has made encouraging progress in transforming performance through
numerous key initiatives including reducing spending on agency staff, reducing discretionary spending and more.
Allina Health has made a concerted effort to expand access to skilled nursing facilities, reduce delays in patient
transfers when appropriate and, ultimately, ensure patients receive the right level of care at the right place. This creates
a better patient experience and improves access throughout the system. Since the start of April 2023, Allina Health
decreased the average length-of-stay from 5.2 days to an average of 4.9 days for 2023.

Workforce planning remains a key focus for Allina Health as the organization works to create innovative pathways
and development opportunities to ensure patients receive care from Allina Health care teams, improving outcomes
and reducing the need for agency resources. One recent example is Allina Health’s new agreement with the University
of Minnesota School of Nursing that will develop new strategies for nursing education, recruitment and professional
Development (see “Workforce Planning” below).

Business Transformation

The region, like others, has seen an increase in proposed joint ventures, partnerships and mergers designed to adapt
and strengthen organizations in the face of market headwinds. Like others, Allina Health routinely explores vertical
and horizontal partnerships, joint ventures, mergers, combinations and other affiliations with similarly mission-driven
people and organizations, including hospital systems, independent physician groups, payers, third-party consultants
and managers, technology companies, retail entities, public or academic entities, investors and venture capital and
other providers of clinical and administrative services, both regional and national. Partnerships may include
divestitures or outsourcing of significant lines of business in compliance with applicable covenants.

Allina Health has developed a set of inviolable principles that guide consideration for potential partners. These
principles will be a lens for leadership to use as they consider potential partners and whether those partnerships will
be worth further analysis. These principles are meant to be broad, but also reflect a clear distillation of priorities. The
principles are the following:

•   Align culturally and strategically to improve care for Allina Health’s communities.
•   Ensure communities across Allina Health’s footprint will continue to have access to high-quality, affordable,
    patient-centered care.
•   Deliver continued commitment to excellent care.
•   Yield demonstrably greater value than Allina Health could achieve on its own.




                                                             7
Changing Health Care for the Better: Our Five-Year Strategic Plan
A clear strategic focus is crucial to effectively serving patients and
communities in a rapidly evolving health care marketplace. Recent
industry dynamics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation
and staffing challenges have only strengthened the organization’s
strategic resolve and emphasized the priorities set in place. Allina
Health’s strategy is more important than ever and proves a need to
accelerate the implementation of key initiatives. The headwinds in
the health care industry will always change, and leadership remains
confident that the organization’s strategic focus will not only guide
the organization through challenging times but also position Allina
Health for continued success in the future. Allina Health’s strategy
is enabled by:

•   Investing in Allina Health’s people and culture
•   Delivering a seamless and inclusive experience
•   Achieving clinical excellence
•   Driving operational excellence
•   Payer partnerships
•   Diversifying the organization’s sources of revenue

The key enablers are critical to transforming the enterprise on multiple, interwoven dimensions. Allina Health is
evolving from a holding company – created through acquisitions and organic growth over decades – to a highly aligned
operating company by strengthening the organization’s functions and systemic capabilities. Allina Health is moving
from primarily responding to illness to a more proactive approach as a high-value complex care coordinator by
developing multi-channel access to care and engaging with the community and consumer. This shift in mindset enables
Allina Health to address patient health concerns early and empower patients to live their healthiest lives.

Allina Health believes that investing in these imperatives will enable the organization to deliver high-value care in an
integrated, coordinated and seamless fashion to patient populations increasingly defined by complex clinical and non-
clinical issues.

Minnesota and western Wisconsin communities depend on Allina Health. With that dependency comes a
responsibility to grow and adapt to the needs of patients and communities Allina Health serves, and to be more
accessible while improving health care delivery. Allina Health’s strategy will transform the organization’s ability to
deliver safe, high-quality care while creating a better experience for patients and enabling Allina Health to do so for
generations to come.

Clinically Integrated Care Delivery Model

In October 2023, Allina Health implemented a new Clinically Integrated Care Delivery Model that brings together
acute and ambulatory care under a unified leadership structure. This new structure sharpens the organization’s focus
on a patient’s journey throughout the care continuum, allows leaders to co-create and co-lead, elevates the talents and
expertise of providers, and seeks to break down silos and create opportunities for continuous improvement.

The new model takes a regional approach to care delivery with strong clinical leadership across all settings and
systemwide support services. Dave Slowinske serves as President, Northeast Region with Robert Quickel, MD, vice
president, Surgical Services, serving as his dyad partner, overseeing Mercy Hospital, United Hospital, Buffalo
Hospital, Cambridge Medical Center, River Falls Area Hospital and many clinics in that geographic region. David
Joos serves as President, Southwest Region with William Katsiyiannis, MD, president, Minneapolis Heart Institute,
serving as his dyad partner, overseeing Abbott Northwestern Hospital, New Ulm Medical Center, Faribault Medical
Center, Owatonna Hospital and many clinics in that region. Bill Evans serves as Vice President, Ambulatory




                                                            8
Operations, supporting primary care, specialty care and urgent care clinics across both regions as well as ambulatory
surgery centers.

Expanding and Growing Access to Value-Based Care
Allina Health is dedicated to whole person-centered health care, standing on the organization’s vibrant, pioneering
and community-driven legacy to deliver on Allina Health’s purpose: the flourishing of humanity. Allina Health has
earned the trust of individuals and communities, care teams and employees through innovations that enhance the care
model across the care continuum with a focus on easy access, affordability, quality and safety for all people.

To support the health of its patients and communities, Allina Health is committed to delivering high-value care and
performing on outcomes-based payment models. As trusted partners in care, Allina Health walks alongside individuals
during their care journey to eliminate barriers and create a seamless health care experience. Expanding care
management services, using data to inform best practices and collaborating with partners are key to transforming
Allina Health’s business as well as patient care. Additionally, Allina Health is working to evolve the current
reimbursement model so that it can be reimbursed for services that matter to its patients and help make care more
efficient, effective and affordable.

As part of this strategy, Allina Health has entered into
contracts with health plan insurance payers that reward
enhancing quality, improving outcomes, addressing health
disparities and reducing total cost of care. The contracts
incentivize preventive and coordinated care to foster more
proactive care and catalyze work to reduce the unacceptably
high rates of health disparities across the community that we
are working collectively and independently to eliminate. The
organization has successfully built up the capabilities
required to perform in quality and cost outcomes by
advancing our ability to manage risk. Allina Health
continues to expand its outcomes-based risk contract
portfolio in a measured fashion to gain experience, manage
risk factors within the organization’s sphere of influence and
maintain a focus on providing value more broadly. Allina The Allina Health Cancer Institute is one way Allina Health is furthering
Health partners with payers who are truly invested in seamless, comprehensive, patient-focused care.
transforming and innovating care models and paying for outcomes while reducing administrative burden to all teams
so they can spend more time delivering expert care. Allina Health is implementing a phased approach that aligns with
the goal of pursuing outcomes-based risk contracts that build scale over time. Allina Health’s commitment to high
quality, affordable care, equitable care outcomes and public health has resulted in care innovation, better health
outcomes and public policy successes for the community it serves.

Allina Health built one of the nation’s highest-performing health-related social needs programs, screening more than
617,000 patients in two years. All patients who request support for their needs have been navigated to appropriate
Allina Health or community-based resources, yielding over a 55% need resolution rate at re-screening. Using the
health-related social needs screening data, the organization has successfully collaborated with partners to address
individual and community social determinants of health. Payer partners have provided funding for the launch of this
program and continue to partner on innovative solutions to reduce identified health disparities in the community.

Allina Health’s value-based care journey is expected to result in better outcomes, lower premiums and improved
access to care for patients while increasing the number of people in the community Allina Health serves and improving
satisfaction for patients and provider teams. Also, health plans will grow and retain membership by offering
competitively priced products and improved benefits to patients and employers. In an environment that requires health
care organizations to be innovative and flexible, Allina Health's commitment to enabling population health, advancing
payer partnerships and delivering whole person health to all people has caused positive outcomes and pioneering care
models for the collective communities we serve.




                                                             9
Allina Health and Aetna Health Plan

In January 2017, Allina Health and Aetna signed an agreement to create a jointly owned health plan company, Allina
Health and Aetna Insurance Company (“AHAIC”), which provides an innovative health care option for employers
and consumers in the greater Twin Cities area. This jointly owned health plan is intended to fully align the incentives
and capabilities of a national insurer and major local health system in ways Allina Health expects to lead to improved
health outcomes and cost management. The ownership structure for the partnership is designed to streamline the
patient experience by combining the power of insurer and provider data, coordinating integrated care teams and
providing health insurance benefits and administrative services. Allina Health’s investment in AHAIC is expected to
create returns both from a financial and operational perspective.

The Minnesota Department of Commerce issued a Certificate of Authority for AHAIC in August 2017, which made
AHAIC an officially licensed health insurance provider and was the first new insurance company to enter the
Minnesota market in many years. AHAIC began offering large group (51 or more members) products in 2018 and
began to offer a Medicare Advantage product in 2019. As of December 31, 2023, AHAIC total membership was
approximately 40,000, including approximately 19,000 Medicare Advantage members.

Driving Care Model Innovation
Allina Health is driving care model innovation to accommodate the needs of an ever-changing population. To do so
successfully, Allina Health is focused on creating a patient-centric care model, with care management enabling
integration across diagnosis, treatment and clinical support. Analytics and technology will improve the quality of care,
lower the cost of care and increase accessibility while advancing care innovation through design-thinking and
evidence-based care delivery.

Commitment to Safety and Quality. Safety and Quality are paramount to any care model and remain a key point
of focus as Allina Health innovates. Allina Health’s commitment centers on preventing harm and encouraging a culture
where all employees speak up and feel empowered. Allina Health has committed to a journey to zero preventable
harm by adopting the successful systems of high-reliability organizations. Key components of this journey include
extending multi-tiered safety huddles across the system and engaging in a systemwide program that will provide each
employee and provider with the language, tools and standardized processes to respond to and prevent harm. To date,
more than 88% of all Allina Health employees and 84% of all Allina Health providers have been trained in high
reliability skills. In addition to training, Allina Health has invested in sharing safety event learnings and actions
throughout the organization to prevent recurrence as well as the Safety Champion Program, supporting informal
leaders in clinical and non-clinical departments to provide education and coaching on safety behaviors, allowing for
a proactive approach to safety. Since 2019, Allina Health reduced serious safety events by approximately 50% in the
pursuit of zero preventable harm.

Care Coordinator. As a system, Allina Health strives to be
a high-value, complex care coordinator for its patients and
communities. Solving consumer issues, including the
growing gap between consumer expectations and actual
experience, also supports Allina Health’s future market role
as a care coordinator by seamlessly connecting all the
necessary services for a patient’s unique needs. To address
this imperative, Allina Health is pursuing both enterprise-
wide tactics and building specific capabilities to pursue a
better consumer experience through:

•   A next-generation approach to consumer experience
    design, including designing its cancer infusion centers
    and new clinics in partnership with patient advisors.
•   Centralizing and investing in key points of care connection, such as the Customer Experience Center and
    Access Center, which help create seamless connections for all patients across the care continuum.
•   Offering non-traditional services based on consumer demand and preferences, including improved telemedicine
    capabilities and Acute Hospital Care at Home (see “Innovation” below).



                                                          10
•   Building out a portfolio of innovative products and services that align with Allina Health’s vision and
    principles.
•   Prioritizing person-centered care with patients at the heart of an innovative care model.
•   Educating and training staff on culturally appropriate practices, including gender-affirming care.
•   Addressing disparities in key health outcomes, including increasing colorectal cancer screening rates and
    improving diabetes management for Black/African-American patients.

Innovation. Innovation is a key strategic initiative for Allina Health to identify alternative and emerging business
opportunities to serve the patient, advance Allina Health’s organizational strategy and mission, and positively impact
Allina Health’s operating results. Allina Health has identified key trends that will be a focus for innovation, driving
at new care models, capabilities and consumer products.

One such innovative effort is Allina Health’s Acute Hospital Care at Home program. Launched during the height of
the COVID-19 pandemic, Acute Hospital Care at Home is a new program designed to decrease length of stay and
total cost of care, reduce readmissions, increase patient satisfaction and divert patients from the emergency department
or urgent care. By bringing patient care to the home, Allina Health created capacity within hospital resources while
bringing care directly to the patient. Following the success of the program, Allina Health has partnered with Flare
Capital Partners to create Inbound Health, a new company that increases access to hospital-at-home and skilled
nursing-at-home programs by scaling the model nationally. The company combines biometric monitoring, digital
surveillance, in-home nursing and therapy, virtual visits with hospitalists and geriatricians and a comprehensive supply
chain to deliver a safe and high-quality care program.

Allina Health’s virtual care services have continued to be a valuable option for patients following the exponential
increase in demand with the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, totaling more than 470,000 virtual visits completed in
2023 alone. Virtual care services are often an entry point for patients into the Allina Health system and show strong
trends of creating pathways for new attributed lives for the system. Allina Health’s suite of virtual care services have
grown as consumer expectations have shifted to seek alternatives to in-person care and technology has improved,
improving access, enhancing experience and lowering cost of care. Allina Health’s virtual care options include:
• scheduled virtual visits
• on demand virtual care
• online questionnaire-based virtual visits
• and more.
Scheduled virtual visits are offered by most ambulatory providers at Allina Health, including providers in the primary
care, mental health, orthopedics, oncology and cardiology departments. Patients may also access on demand virtual
care options via Virtual Urgent Care, where patients can connect directly with urgent care providers. In December
2023, Allina Health introduced on demand virtual orthopedic urgent care, the first offering of its kind in the market.
Virtual urgent care is now available to Allina Health patients 24/7, in all 50 states. Allowing for maximum patient
flexibility, patients may also access an asynchronous questionnaire-based visit, 24/7, and can expect provider
responses within one hour, allowing patients to quickly get their medical needs met and to get back to their busy lives.

Allina Health has also made significant investments in its digital platform, empowering its patients with the
information to make decisions and interact with its providers. Allina Health’s patient portal includes Patient Wisdom,
a guided online platform for patients to share stories about themselves, their health and their care with their Allina
Health care team through integration with the electronic health record. Relative to the national health care market,
leadership believes that Allina Health’s digital capabilities are leading-edge, with strong offerings in digitized self-
service like online bill pay through a partnership with Cedar as well as online scheduling and patient education.

Allina Health has dedicated $80 million since 2017 to make investments in strategic management directed venture
funds. The primary objectives of strategic management directed funds generally include increasing awareness into
future market opportunities and trends, accessing a pipeline of vetted disruptors that will align with Allina Health’s
strategy to deliver enhanced value and innovation, and gaining exposure to products and services that could accelerate
disruption and drive performance. Building from these activities, Allina Health now has strong relationships with the
general partners and their strategic limited partners and in August 2022 launched its own Strategic Direct Investment
Program. This program allows for direct co-investment into select investments that meet the following objectives: the
investment opportunity accelerates a key strategic initiative associated with Allina Health’s long-term Strategic Plan;



                                                          11
there is an opportunity for Allina Health to operationally collaborate with the direct investment company; a top-tier
venture fund has performed extensive due-diligence and valuation of the investment to determine strong financial return
potential for Allina Health. The first Strategic Direct Investment Program opportunity is KeyCare, an early-stage virtual
care company designed to increase access, convenience and affordability of select health care service lines to
communities. In March 2023, Allina Health and KeyCare began offering on demand 24/7 virtual urgent care. Allina
Health expects to grow this strategic program in additional areas of Allina Health’s strategic priority.

Optimizing Allina Health’s Footprint
Optimizing Allina Health’s footprint is core to the organization’s ability to expand access to value-based care and lower
total cost of care. To support this effort, Allina Health has enhanced multi-channel access to care in a variety of ways,
including expanded virtual services and the introduction of the nationally recognized Home Hospital Care program which
delivers safe, high-quality care in the comfort of the patient’s home. Ambulatory surgery centers are an increasingly
important offering in Allina Health’s care offerings, enabling efficient, cost effective, high-quality care that is convenient
for patients (see “Other Recent Initiatives and Developments – Ambulatory Surgery Center Strategy” below).
Furthermore, Allina Health has focused on delivering complex care services, highlighted by the creation of the Allina
Health Cancer Institute, which redefines traditionally fragmented cancer care to create a program that delivers
comprehensive, expert, person-centric cancer care from diagnosis to survivorship (see “Other Recent Initiatives and
Developments – Allina Health Cancer Institute” below). Allina Health has integrated mental health and well-being
into primary care practice to improve Allina Health’s ability to deliver excellent patient-focused care and support one
of the highest needs in the community. That support has only increased with the creation of the Center for Integrated
Mental Health and Addiction Care, a recently opened facility that transforms Allina Health’s mental health and
addiction services by offering the entire care continuum in one convenient location (see “Other Recent Initiatives and
Developments – Center for Integrated Mental Health and Addiction Care” below). True integration of Allina Health’s
service lines and business units also requires unified workstreams and workforce. Allina Health is continually
improving cohesion across all departments.

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging and Sustainability
Allina Health has made significant strides in building the framework to make Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and
Belonging (DEI&B) a priority for the organization. Following the murder of George Floyd, which occurred blocks
from Allina Health’s headquarters and Abbott Northwestern Hospital, Allina Health has recommitted to taking an
active role in supporting the South Minneapolis community, including those who have long faced discrimination.

Allina Health’s CEO Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging Council governs the organization’s DEI&B
deliverables and is driving long-term sustainable results, which is tracked with a dashboard to ensure continued
progress. Among the deliverables is an approach to ensure DEI&B is a leadership core competency. In 2022 and 2023,
all directors and above were required to participate in the Intercultural Development Index (IDI), an online assessment
to benchmark a person’s intercultural competency. Allina Health also requests a land acknowledgement announcement
be read at the start of system meetings to honor indigenous people and their traditional, ancestral and contemporary
lands.

Allina Health’s DEI&B plan ensures the organization embeds DEI&B in its many roles as a provider, employer,
community member, investor and purchaser. As an employer, Allina Health is committed to increasing and retaining
employee diversity at all levels in the organization with a focus on leadership. Additional training on bias in hiring
and bias in patient care is also provided to leaders throughout the organization to ensure that Allina Health’s culture
is welcoming, supportive and collaborative. This includes building infrastructure throughout the organization to create
accountability for achieving progress. For example, Allina Health features seven Employee Resource Groups to
provide opportunities to participate in courageous conversations around topics of inclusion and equity, to volunteer in
the community and to attend culturally responsive trainings. DEI&B work creates the strategies, plan and systemwide
approach to help bring to life Allina Health’s commitment to providing and enhancing a workplace culture where all
employees feel safe, respected and empowered to fulfill Allina Health’s mission.

As a provider, Allina Health is dedicated to eliminating health disparities and variations in quality of care, while
improving access and consumer experience for all care services. From culturally responsive care training to building
capability among staff in patient-facing roles to implementing innovative care models to better meet patient needs,



                                                             12
Allina Health’s health equity strategy strives to provide equitable, inclusive care for all. An example is offering
culturally responsive personal care products in inpatient units across the system, including shampoos, conditioners,
lotions, and disposable hijabs. Allina Health strives to reduce obstacles to health such as poverty, discrimination and
their consequences.

The organization continues to advocate for investments that create innovative solutions to achieve enduring
improvements in access, quality and health outcomes. This includes partnering with policymakers, employers and
community advocates to remove barriers to health equity and support the physical and social recovery of South
Minneapolis. Allina Health spent $23 million in 2023 with diverse, local suppliers, with that number projected to grow
in the coming years.

In 2023, Allina Health joined the Healthcare Anchor Network, a coalition of more than 75 health systems across the
country working collaboratively to sustainably support long-term health and well-being of our communities by
effectively collaborating with community stakeholders, implementing strategies around inclusive, local hiring and
inclusive, local purchasing and more. Allina Health continually seeks opportunities to ensure all investments align
with the organization’s equity principles and values.

Impact Investments. With the approval of the Investment Committee of the Allina Health Board of Directors,
Allina Health has created a separate portfolio and dedicated funds in the initial amount of $30 million to make
investments that create both positive social and environmental impact that is actively measured as well as positive
financial return. The intent is to pursue the Allina Health organizational mission more effectively and use assets to
generate impact toward improving the health of the communities it serves, while maintaining liquidity.

As part of this work, Allina Health has committed to providing
impact investments totaling $19.6 million as of March 31, 2024.
Of the $19.6 million committed, $14.5 million has been closed to
Minnesota Inclusive Growth Fund (MIGF), Local Initiatives
Service Corporation (LISC), MSP Equity Fund, Tundra Venture
Capital Fund, Mni Sota Fund, Fortis Capital, Neighborworks
Home Partners, Greater MN Housing Fund,Capita3 Fund II, and
Bread & Butter Fund IV. MIGF is designed to equip community
small businesses and mission-driven small business lenders with
the support required to meet the unique rebuilding and recovery
needs of the communities they serve. LISC funds and supports
projects to revitalize communities and bring great economic
opportunity to the community. Investments will continue to be
                                                                  The new Midwell Apartments, located near Abbott
sourced and funded over the course of the next two-to-five years, Northwestern Hospital in South Minneapolis, is one
with the potential for growth of the fund over time.              example of Allina Health's impact investments come to
                                                                      life. The 86-unit building provides affordable housing
Sustainability efforts. As one of the region’s largest health care following Allina Health’s impact investment with Greater
providers, taking care of the environment is critical to ensure good MN Housing Fund.
health for Allina Health’s patients, employees and community.

In 2020, Allina Health created a comprehensive sustainability program and in April 2021, Allina Health joined the
Health Care Climate Challenge alongside more than 28,000 hospitals and health centers in 42 countries. In March
2023, Allina Health strengthened its commitment to care by formalizing a Climate Action Plan with the ambitious
goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 50% by 2030 and reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. With
this plan, Allina Health also pledges to prepare for the impacts of extreme weather and to educate staff and
communities on challenges and solutions related to climate and health.

At Allina Health, climate action includes both Allina Health’s overall approach and to a collection of efforts and
projects occurring across the system and at individual business units to create and maintain a healthy environment.
The organization’s energy and waste reduction efforts have saved Allina Health more than $1 million annually.




                                                          13
Sustainability is also being considered through Allina Health’s commitment to Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) certification for major new construction projects. See “Other Recent Initiatives and
Developments – Abbott Northwestern Hospital Infrastructure Updates” below.

Practice Greenhealth, a national organization for environmental sustainability within health care, has recognized
Allina Health for organizational efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, implementation of climate resilient
infrastructures and advocating for healthy communities. In 2023, Practice Greenhealth recognized Allina Health with
a System for Change Award and 13 Allina Health sites with Greenhealth Partner for Change Awards for commitment
to environmental improvements.

Workforce Planning
People bring Allina Health’s mission to life, which is why Allina Health is committed to investing in the organization’s
talent by fostering a relationship-driven culture rooted in its values. As one of Minnesota’s largest employers, Allina
Health recruits and retains exceptional people by offering valuable benefits that support the total well-being of its
employees and their family members. Allina Health strives to empower and support employees so they can focus on
delivering exceptional care. This further investment helps employees feel an even stronger connection to the
organization and the work they do and help provide even better experiences and outcomes for patients.

At Allina Health, culture is a differentiator. Allina Health is mounting a robust talent acquisition campaign called
Careers with Purpose to mitigate the national nursing shortage and local workforce challenges, highlighting current
employees and their purpose through video. Through this campaign, Allina Health is telling stories of how people
across a variety of disciplines are finding purposeful careers in the organization.

Workforce planning is an essential part of Allina Health’s strategic plan to ensure patients receive the outstanding care
they need for generations to come. Allina Health is engaging in numerous initiatives to support the organization’s
workforce retention and recruitment both in the near term as well as the long term. In the near term, Allina Health has
established sub-initiatives dedicated to compensation management, talent acquisition optimization, improved
retention and more efficient agency utilization.

Allina Health’s long-term workforce planning initiatives focus on supporting the organization’s existing and incoming
talent with more resources and training opportunities to support their growth and development, including plans for an
RN residency program, improved orientation programs, and development programs for nurse leadership. In August
2023, Allina Health and the University of Minnesota School of Nursing signed a formal academic-practice partnership,
or collaboratory, to generate, disseminate, and apply knowledge for the improvement of nursing practice, education,
and patient outcomes. The collaboratory fosters creativity and innovation while enhancing nursing education and
professional development, research, practice, diversity, inclusion and equity, and recruiting top nursing talent. Allina
Health continues to explore methods to identify workforce needs sooner and building and growing partnerships,
including with educational institutions, to identify skilled, mission-driven individuals, as well as developing in-house
expertise in coordinating staffing.

Allina Health’s all together better mentality is an integral part of the
organization’s retention and culture-building efforts. Allina Health
is proud to offer numerous support services and benefits to help
employees access health care and well-being services. One example
is through the Center for Provider Well-being, which is committed
to promoting professional fulfillment through organizational and
individual initiatives, research and education. The Center advances
structures, processes, community and support so that every provider
can flourish as a whole person. Through in-person and virtual
resources, the Center offers coaching, counseling, peer support,
group offerings, financial services, benefits support, quiet room,
                                                                         The Center for Provider-Well-being opened its physical
workstations and more. Allina Health also offers a variety of space at Allina Health’s headquarters in Minneapolis
resources for all employees, including many new types of vendor Wednesday, Jan. 17.




                                                            14
support for anxiety, sleep and financial support, and offered well-being funds for all employees to use on well-being
products, memberships, services or gift cards of their choice.

Other Recent Initiatives and Developments
Investing In Abbott Northwestern Hospital, Our Quaternary Care Center

Allina Health’s Board of Directors has approved
approximately $200 million of capital
expenditures for infrastructure updates at Abbott
Northwestern Hospital to maintain its status as the
premier quaternary hospital in the Allina Health
system. In March 2022, the Allina Health Board
of Directors approved an additional $1.2 billion to
include a new building that will include surgical
and critical care services and will be constructed
in the heart of the campus. The 10-story,
approximately 575,000 square foot building will
replace the hospital’s existing operating rooms
and create new care environments for patients,
visitors and staff. Allina Health is partnering with
Mortenson as the General Contractor for the
project, which began in late 2022. Allina Health
anticipates funding a portion of the capital Allina Health celebrated breaking ground on a new surgical and critical
expenditures associated with the new surgical care services building in September 2023.
and critical care services building with a portion
of the proceeds of the Series 2023 Bonds.
Richard M. Schulze and the Richard M. Schulze Family Foundation are helping to make this project possible with a
$25 million gift, the largest donation in the history of Allina Health.

A new Transportation HUB, now called the Purple Ramp, accounts for approximately $77 million of the initial $200
million in infrastructure updates and serves Abbott Northwestern Hospital as well as Allina Health’s headquarters and
the Midtown Commons in South Minneapolis. The new structure, located at the southern end of the Abbott
Northwestern Hospital campus, has been guided by Allina Health’s commitment to sustainability and supports multi-
modal transportation options. The Purple Parking Ramp supports bikes and other non-vehicle transportation, and it
improves the look, feel and safety of the street level. This new facility enhances the safety and usability of Chicago
Avenue, a main thoroughfare in South Minneapolis, and the sidewalk along the Greenway, a bike highway that runs
adjacent to the campus. Improvements include new lighting and a pollinator garden with native, pollinator-friendly
plantings along the Purple Ramp’s 5,000-square-foot slope near the Midtown Greenway. The new pollinator habitat
includes carefully selected plants based on their bloom time and ability to grow well and prevent erosion on a steep
slope. Additionally, the roof of the structure will feature a community solar garden that is expected to come online in
2024.

Allina Health’s Board of Directors has approved up to $149 million of capital expenditures for a Central Utility Plant
(CUP) project that will upgrade the hospital’s utilities to 21st century standards, with more reliable, energy-efficient
technology. This undertaking will improve the way the hospital heats and cools its buildings and sterilizes surgical
instruments. The project has successfully received the necessary permits from the Minnesota Pollution Control
Agency.

The MacMillan Education and Conference Center is a $12 million addition to the Tenth Avenue Facility, made
possible by the generosity of donors including Whitney and Elizabeth MacMillan. The site serves meeting, conference
and educational needs for the entire Allina Health system, including a state-of-the-art simulation lab. The building is
also available for use by community members and organizations.




                                                          15
Additional projects at Abbott Northwestern Hospital include an extensive remodel of the Piper Building to
accommodate the Allina Health Cancer Institute, as well as build a new infusion center, compounding pharmacy and
establish a link connection to Radiation Oncology and Oncology Clinic. See “Allina Health Cancer Institute” below.

Strategic Relationship with Optum

On Feb. 1, 2024, Allina Health and Optum announced a strategic relationship that enables Allina Health to leverage
Optum’s innovative technology, resources and capabilities to build upon the organization’s existing Information
Services and Revenue Cycle Management operations. This ensures Allina Health’s resources are prioritized toward
direct care of the community and continued excellence in its administrative support to caregivers and patients. The
relationship will allow Allina Health to:

    •    continue advancing information systems solutions to improve the patient and provider experience
    •    streamline the billing experience for patients and providers by implementing industry-leading technologies
         and processes across revenue cycle operations
    •    adopt innovative technologies at an accelerated pace.

Approximately 2,000 Allina Health employees in Information Services and Revenue Cycle Management became
employees of Optum effective May 5, 2024, while maintaining their respective roles in supporting Allina Health’s
patients and providers. Both organizations are committed to ensuring a smooth transition for these team members
while maintaining seamless operations.

New Facilities in Cambridge

In December 2021, the Allina Health Board of Directors approved plans for state-of-the-art facilities to replace
Cambridge Medical Center and redefine care in the community. In July of 2023, the project to build new facilities for
Cambridge Medical Center was placed on hold as the organization navigates financial challenges. While there is no
definitive timeline for the project right now, Allina Health remains committed to the Cambridge community and looks
forward to creating and investing in the next generation of health care delivery services for the community when
appropriate.

Center for Integrated Mental Health and Addiction Care

Allina Health is doubling down its commitment to mental
health and addiction care with the Center for Integrated Mental
Health and Addiction Care. The revolutionary facility, which
opened to patients Feb. 29, 2024, transforms the delivery of
mental health and addiction care by providing a comprehensive,
connected and convenient location for patients and families,
attached to Mercy Hospital – Unity Campus in Fridley. This
highly integrated facility adds nearly 50,000 square feet of
mental health and addiction care, with the full suite of Allina
Health’s outpatient services as well as intensive day programs.
The Center also brings community-centered programs together
more closely to expand the capacity and reach of the
organization’s collective mental health and addiction services,
resulting in an enhanced model of providing safe, high-quality
care for more patients in a specialized way.

The acquisition and renovation of the building that houses the
Center for Integrated Mental Health and Addiction Care was
funded by philanthropic giving led by the Allina Health
Foundation.                                                    The Center for Integrated Mental Health and Addiction Care
                                                                  is a highly integrated facility that is conveniently attached to
                                                                  Mercy Hospital, Unity Campus in Fridley.



                                                         16
Expanding Outpatient Services in the South Metro

Allina Health is transforming outpatient care options in
the south metro with a new multi-specialty center and
primary care clinic in the rapidly growing city of
Lakeville. The new multi-specialty center brings the full
Allina Health ambulatory platform to the south metro,
including more than 20 specialties, such as orthopedics,
oncology, women’s health and cardiology, as well as an
ambulatory surgery center. The specialty center opened
to patients April 29, 2024.

Additionally, Allina Health expanded services at Allina
Health Apple Valley Clinic and opened Allina Health Allina Health Lakeville North Clinic welcomed its first patients
                                                          Oct. 16, 2023.
Savage Urgent Care in March 2022. The new primary
care clinic, Allina Health Lakeville North Clinic, welcomed its first patients Oct. 16, 2023. In total, these investments
will add more than 100,000 square feet of new health care real estate to the area and dramatically increase access to
primary and complex specialty care.

Expanding Outpatient Services in Eden Prairie

Allina Health plans to expand outpatient services in Eden Prairie, including improved access to primary care and a
multi-specialty clinic. This is an important investment in the growing west metro community that will dramatically
expand access to our care offerings in the area.

This advancement will create market-leading access to primary care and specialty presence, including improved access
to women’s health, orthopedics and cardiovascular rehabilitation at our existing Allina Health – Eden Prairie Clinic
supported by Allina Health Minneapolis Heart Institute. The expanded services are anticipated to be available by early
2025.

Allina Health Cancer Institute

Established in 2021, the Allina Health Cancer Institute (AHCI) has rapidly established itself as a regional destination
for comprehensive, innovative and compassionate care. Medical, surgical and radiation oncologists span the care
continuum and partner with specialists that include genetic counselors, nutritionists, financial navigators, mental
health counselors and many more to provide each patient with care tailored to their unique needs and circumstances.

It's a level of care that has achieved recognition by national and local organizations and publications. Among AHCI’s
recent achievements:

    •    Abbott Northwestern Hospital was included in Newsweek’s 2024 list of the World’s Best Specialized
         Hospitals in oncology.

    •    Abbott Northwestern, Mercy and United hospitals are each rated as “high performing” in U.S. News &
         World Report’s 2023-24 Best Hospitals rankings in categories that include colon cancer surgery, lung
         cancer surgery, leukemia, lymphoma and myeloma, and prostate cancer surgery.

    •    The AHCI Piper Breast Center – Minneapolis was recently accredited by the American College of
         Physicians’ National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers – one of only four sites in Minnesota to
         have been accredited – for meeting the most rigorous standards in care.

    •    The surgical team at Abbott Northwestern Hospital received the Minnesota Hospital Association’s
         “Innovation of the Year in Patient Care” award for completing a procedure that allows for the detection and
         removal of a lung cancer mass under a single dose of anesthesia.



                                                            17
AHCI is committed to research, knowing that today’s clinical trials are tomorrow’s life-changing treatments. The
Institute is on the forefront of medical innovation, currently engaging in numerous clinical research trials, including a
first-of-its-kind trial that uses artificial intelligence and a blood draw to revolutionize cancer diagnosis and treatment.

AHCI has three nationally accredited comprehensive breast centers at Abbott Northwestern, Mercy and United
hospitals. The Piper Breast Center Mercy Hospital is the first of its kind in the north metro and includes state-of-the-
art screening, diagnostics and treatment for breast cancer, as well as breast cancer education, genetic counseling and
high-risk breast cancer programs and includes the radiologist, oncology surgeon and medical oncologists all in one
setting. Allina Health’s multidisciplinary breast centers are also located at its other comprehensive cancer sites at
Abbott Northwestern and United hospitals, and treatment is available at infusion centers located throughout the
community.

Multidisciplinary, integrated care is also a pillar of AHCI’s approach to both colorectal cancer care – where surgical,
medical and radiation oncologists work closely with advanced practice providers, nurses, nurse navigators, cancer
researchers and others to determine the most effective course of treatment – and skin cancer care, which brings together
oncologists, dermatologists, social workers, cancer rehab specialists and others to serve patients.

Allina Health Ambulatory Surgery Center Strategy

Allina Health is committed to expanding its ambulatory surgery platform to enable efficient, cost-effective and high-
quality consumer-facing care consistent with its payer strategies and intended to keep pace with rapidly evolving
reimbursement models. The strategy, which involves commitment of capital and other resources, is aligned to advance
Allina Health’s vision as the high-value, integrated complex care coordinator for its community. This propels Allina
Health as an organization that can deliver surgical care in all settings from complex surgery in a major metropolitan
hospital to same day surgery in a community-based setting.

Since 2020, Allina Health has partnered with SCA Health to jointly own ambulatory surgery centers across the Allina
Health service area with SCA Health running the centers’ operations and strategically partnering to enable Allina
Health to become the market share leader in surgery center space in the Twin Cities. SCA Health is a nationally
renowned group with a network of more than 250 ambulatory surgery centers performing more than one million
procedures per year. WestHealth Surgery Center, one of Allina Health’s first ambulatory surgery centers in partnership
with SCA Health, was named the top ambulatory surgery center in the Twin Cities by Newsweek (#2 in Minnesota)
in 2023.

As of March 2024, Allina Health’s ambulatory surgery center portfolio features nine locations, including a first-to-
market cardiovascular surgery center in Edina which opened in September 2022. The newest ambulatory surgery
center within the Lakeville specialty center opened in February 2024.

Allina Health Neuroscience, Spine and Pain Institute

Allina Health Neuroscience, Spine and Pain Institute (AHNSPI) has quickly become a regional leader in this complex
care, with more than 109,000 hospital visits for neurological and spine care in 2023. AHNSPI aligns, coordinates and
builds upon the extensive talent and clinical programs across the system to create a patient-focused approach to care
that supports a patient from disease prevention to quaternary care and post-acute to home care.

The Institute’s level of expertise and quality of care has been recognized on a regional and global level:

    •    Abbott Northwestern Hospital was included in Newsweek’s 2024 list of the World’s Best Specialized
         Hospitals in neurosurgery and neurology.
    •    Abbot Northwestern Hospital was rated as “high performing” by U.S. News & World Report’s 2023-
         24 Best Hospitals rankings for neurology & neurosurgery, back surgery, and stroke.
    •    Mercy and United hospitals were similarly recognized as high performing” by U.S. News & World Report
         in the category of stroke.



                                                            18
AHNSPI provides patients with access to a range of surgical and medical spine therapies – as well as interventional
pain services – both at Allina Health’s metro area hospitals as well as at its regional medical centers. Stroke patients
and their families can access advanced care at Abbott Northwestern Hospital and United Hospital—both certified as
Comprehensive Stroke Centers by DNV Healthcare—as well as at Mercy Hospital, a certified Primary Plus Stroke
Center, and Mercy Hospital – Unity Campus, a certified Primary Stroke Center. Mercy Hospital is also an accredited
Thrombectomy-Capable Stroke Center. Patients outside the Twin Cities metro area can also rely on top-of-the-line
care at Minnesota Department of Health-certified acute stroke ready facilities at Buffalo Hospital, Cambridge Medical
Center, New Ulm Medical Center, Owatonna Hospital, Regina Hospital – Hastings, River Falls Area Hospital, and
St. Francis Regional Medical Center. Through its telestroke program, offered at more than 30 hospitals throughout
Minnesota, South Dakota and Wisconsin, AHNSPI is also able to connect patients and providers to an Allina Health
neurologist at any time of day.

AHNSPI also features a Level 4 Epilepsy Center at Abbott Northwestern Hospital and neurocritical care units at
Abbott Northwestern and United hospitals.

2023 and early 2024 Labor Negotiations

The results of the NLRB election petition filed by Doctors Council SEIU Local 10MD covering physicians at Mercy
Hospital were finalized on January 26, 2024. The parties are preparing to negotiate a first contract and we expect
negotiations to begin in June 2024. Negotiations for a first contract covering primary and urgent care providers began
in February 2024. Nine bargaining schedules have been held. We expect that the negotiations for each contract will
continue through at least the end of 2024.

Negotiations for a successor contract covering the skilled maintenance employees at the metro-area hospitals are under
way. The contract expires on April 30, 2024.

Change Healthcare cyberattack

Change Healthcare (Change), a division of UnitedHealth Group (UHG), was the subject of a cyberattack in late
February 2024. Change provides electronic prescribing, electronic payment capability, insurance batch eligibility, and
electronic medical claims (billing) services to the System. As a result of the cyber event, Allina Health disconnected
from Change, resulting in an inability to bill certain claims, verify insurance coverage and verify preauthorization
status for hospital services. Allina Health also activated manual workarounds for affected areas.

Due to the inability to bill certain claims, Allina Health drew $200,000,000 on an existing line of credit for liquidity
purposes. On April 11, 2024, Allina Health paid back the full amount of the $200,000,000 draw.

The duration and extent of this business interruption are being actively monitored by management. As of March 5,
2024, electronic prescribing had securely returned to regular operations. In addition, Allina Health has transitioned a
majority of the billing and insurance services back to Change. The System is actively working with its commercial
payers to ensure patient billings are filed as timely and as accurately as possible.

Updates to Credit Ratings Participation

In August 2023, Allina Health announced it ended its engagement with Moody’s Investor Services (Moody’s) for the
rating of Allina Health bonds. The decision to end Moody’s engagement was based on Allina Health’s initiatives to
reduce expenses and a determination that three ratings were not required or providing significant value to the
organization. The decision was not made to prevent or cure a default or event of default (or reduce any applicable
spread) under any debt agreement to which Allina Health is a party.

Allina Health expects to maintain two ratings and continues to engage Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings (“S&P”)
and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) to provide ratings with respect to Allina Obligated Group debt.




                                                          19
Allina Health has been informed that Moody’s intends to continue to rate such debt for some period of time without
any expected future communication from or information provided directly by Allina Health. Allina Health does not
know how long Moody’s will continue to rate Allina Health debt.

Credit Ratings

In April 2024, Fitch Ratings changed Allina Health’s bond rating to A+. The outlook is stable.
In February 2024, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services changed the rating of Allina Health to A+. The outlook is
stable.

The complete rating agency reports are available at dacbond.com; fitchratings.com; or standardandpoors.com.


Management Personnel
Following are the Executive Leadership Team members and their biographies (as of May 5, 2024):

                 Lisa Shannon (58) – President and Chief Executive Officer. In her role, Lisa Shannon helps drive
                 exceptional clinical, operational and financial performance, so that Allina Health can deliver quality,
                 affordable care to the communities it serves. The Allina Health Board of Directors appointed Ms.
                 Shannon as the successor to Dr. Penny Wheeler as Chief Executive Officer effective January 1,
                 2022. Prior to Allina Health, Ms. Shannon served as president, Health System Delivery, for
                 KentuckyOne Health, Kentucky's largest integrated health system. Before joining KentuckyOne
                 Health, Ms. Shannon served in several executive leadership roles at Spectrum Health in Grand
                 Rapids, Michigan, including three years as Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Shannon began her career
                 as a clinical dietitian at The Community Hospital in Springfield, Ohio, and spent 10 years at
                 OhioHealth Corporation in Columbus, rising to vice president of ambulatory services. She is a
                 graduate of Bowling Green State University in Ohio and earned a Master’s of Business
                 Administration from Franklin University in Columbus, Ohio. Ms. Shannon places a great deal of
                 value on community engagement. She currently serves on the Board of the Greater Twin Cities
                 United Way and the University of St. Thomas Opus College of Business Strategic Board of
                 Advisors.

                 Richard Magnuson (61) – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Magnuson was
                 appointed Chief Financial Officer in January 2017. He is responsible for ensuring that Allina Health
                 resources are deployed properly to enhance the quality, safety and effectiveness of the care Allina
                 Health provides to its patients and communities. Prior to joining Allina Health, Mr. Magnuson was
                 the Chief Financial Officer of City of Hope, based in California. Mr. Magnuson previously held
                 various finance and executive positions with Group Health in Seattle, Washington, and Fletcher
                 Allen Health Care in Burlington, Vermont. Mr. Magnuson also served Allina Health from 1987 to
                 2004 in a variety of financial leadership roles. In addition to Finance, Mr. Magnuson also has
                 operational responsibility for Payer Relations and Contracting, Supply Chain Management and
                 Revenue Cycle Management. Mr. Magnuson serves as treasurer on the board of directors for Portico
                 Healthnet, an organization dedicated to making health care accessible and affordable for all
                 Minnesotans. In 2019, Mr. Magnuson was recognized by Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal as
                 CFO of the Year for his work in helping streamline and improve the financial position of Allina
                 Health. He earned his bachelor’s degree at Augsburg College in Minneapolis in accounting and
                 finance and his master’s degree at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis.

                 In January 2024, Mr. Magnuson announced his departure from Allina Health effective in early April
                 after 25 years of service to the organization. Doug Watson joined the organization in January 2024
                 as interim finance executive while the organization conducts a national search for a chief financial
                 officer. Mr. Watson previously served as Interim Executive Vice President and System Chief
                 Financial Officer for Sharp Healthcare and has executive experience at UnityPoint Health,
                 CommonSpirit and PeaceHealth.



                                                         20
Elizabeth Truesdell Smith (61) – Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to the
Allina Health Board of Directors. Elizabeth Truesdell Smith has been practicing law for than more
than two decades and has served as in-house counsel for Allina Health since December 2000. As
general counsel, Ms. Truesdell Smith serves as the chief legal advisor to the health system and all
of its operating units, subsidiaries, employees, boards and constituents. She also is the senior
executive responsible for system clinical risk management and all insurance programs. Prior to her
appointment as general counsel, she held the position of vice president of the Allina Health Law
Department medical-legal team. Before joining Allina Health, Ms. Truesdell Smith practiced as a
trial lawyer for eight years with a focus on hospital and health law, medical professional liability
and medical products liability litigation defense. Ms. Truesdell Smith received her juris doctor from
the University of Minnesota Law School in 1992 after earning a master's degree in public health
with a health law and bioethics concentration from Boston University School of Public Health in
1989.

Christine Moore (54) – Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer. Christine Moore
leads the Human Resources, Philanthropy, DEI&B, Marketing, Communications, Public Affairs and
Community Benefit and Engagement, Compliance and Security functions of Allina Health and is
accountable for the organization's human resources and people strategies, which are critical to
building and sustaining an engaged workforce committed to exceptional care and service. Prior to
joining Allina Health in 2015, Ms. Moore served as an executive HR leader at Ecolab and Best Buy.
She began her career at a management consulting agency. Ms. Moore earned a bachelor's degree in
economics from Scripps College in Claremont, California, and she received her PhD in
Organizational Psychology from Claremont Graduate University. She is on the board of the
Montessori Center of Minnesota and the board of St. Catherine University

Lawrence Cho (46) – Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy and Growth Officer. Lawrence Cho is
responsible for advancing and sustaining Allina Health’s innovation, strategic and growth
initiatives, while prioritizing accelerating organizational performance. Before joining Allina Health
in 2021, Mr. Cho was a member of Mayo Clinic’s executive team. At Mayo Clinic, he held positions
of chief operating officer for Mayo Clinic International, where he focused on expanding Mayo’s
model of care internationally, and chair of Corporate Development, where he led enterprise-wide
strategic partnership and merger & acquisitions initiatives. Prior to joining Mayo Clinic, Mr. Cho
held various finance, strategy and business development positions in industry-leading organizations
of Medtronic, McKinsey & Company and General Mills. Mr. Cho earned both a bachelor’s degree
in neuroscience and economics and a Master of Business Administration from the University of
Michigan. Past board memberships include the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Wolverine Venture Fund
and Mu Performing Arts.

Hsieng Su, MD (56) – Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Executive. Dr. Hsieng Su serves as the
senior executive responsible for clinical performance and advancing Allina Health’s safety, quality
and population health journey. Prior to joining Allina Health in 2021, Dr. Su was at SSM Health-
St. Louis as the Regional Chief Medical Officer, where she was an integral part of improving patient
care by leading clinical teams across five specialty areas, creating a physician leadership
development program, providing leadership to the SSM Health-St. Louis Institutional Review Board
and research contracts with the affiliated academic university. She served as a board member of the
Accountable Care Organization for the region. Dr. Su spent six years at Aurora St. Luke’s Medical
Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the Chief Medical Officer prior to her time with SSM Health-
St. Louis. Dr. Su holds an undergraduate degree in microbiology from the University of Washington,
Seattle; a Master of Business Administration from the University of California, Irvine; earned a
Master of Health Care Management from Harvard School of Public Health; and a doctorate of
medicine from Georgetown University School of Medicine. She completed her internal medicine
residency at Mayo Clinic, finished a preventative medicine fellowship at Mayo Clinic, and
completed The Academy, GE Chief Medical Officer fellowship.




                                        21
                  D’Andre Carpenter, DNP, RN (41) – Senior Vice President, Chief Nursing Executive. Dr.
                  Carpenter is responsible for the development and implementation of strategies that improve patient
                  satisfaction, operational excellence and clinical service delivery for the organization. He leads
                  nursing workforce development and programs that promote the retention, recruitment, continuing
                  education and development of clinical nurses and support services staff. Prior to joining Allina
                  Health in 2023, Dr. Carpenter was senior vice president, system chief nursing officer at UnityPoint
                  Health in Iowa, where he led system nursing practice and clinical care and led a nursing strategic
                  plan that promoted a responsive, flexible, nursing workforce. Dr. Carpenter has held executive
                  nursing leadership, clinical informatics and data analytics positions at Jefferson Health in
                  Philadelphia, Baylor Scott & White health in Dallas and VCU Health System in Richmond, VA. Dr.
                  Carpenter earned undergraduate degrees in Computer Science and Nursing; an Executive Master of
                  Science in Information Systems Management and Master of Science in Nursing from Virginia
                  Commonwealth University; and a Doctor of Nursing Practice degree from Old Dominion
                  University. He currently serves on the Academy Fellowship Program Advisory Board for the
                  Healthcare Management Academy in Arlington, VA, the Talent Innovation Advisory Board for
                  AMN Healthcare in Dallas, and the Nursing Executive Advisory Board for AvaSure Health in
                  Belmont, MI.

                  Dominica Tallarico (57) – Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Dominica Tallarico
                  started at Allina Health in the new role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer
                  on May 1, 2023. Dominica is responsible for implementing Allina Health’s strategic plans into daily
                  operations to meet the organization’s objectives. Dominica most recently served as the executive
                  vice president of the Illinois Market for the newly formed Advocate Health (previously Advocate
                  Aurora Health). She was the executive leader responsible for acute and ambulatory strategy and
                  operations in Illinois representing nine hospitals, a children’s hospital, 400 ambulatory sites of care
                  and medical group clinics, 6,300 physicians of which nearly 1,800 are employed, and $7 billion in
                  revenues. During her tenure, she helped to strategically grow the organization’s acute and
                  ambulatory network and sites of care, including population health capabilities and clinical service
                  lines, serving two million people in Illinois. She is a strategic thought leader, cultivating innovation
                  as evidenced through establishing innovative care models and partnerships including One Medical,
                  Surgical Care Affiliates, MD Anderson affiliation, and digital consumer-facing products. Dominica
                  holds a bachelor’s degree from Loyola University Chicago and a master’s degree in health
                  administration from Rush University, and is a board member for Second Harvest Heartland.

System Governance
Allina Health is governed by a single Board of Directors (“Board”) that meets on a quarterly basis over a two-day
period, including Committee meetings. The board oversees the operations of the entire Allina Health system. Allina
Health’s regional hospitals have advisory councils, which function in an advisory capacity. Allina Health subsidiaries
have separate boards which are subject to the reserved powers of the Allina Health Board.

In addition to the directors elected by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of Allina Health serves ex-officio, with
the right to vote. The bylaws prescribe three-year terms for elected directors and limit elected directors to three
(3) successive terms. Upon a recommendation by the Governance & Nominating Committee, an elected director may
be elected to serve for additional terms of one (1) to three (3) years.

The Board retains approval authority over all significant strategic and policy decisions. Many decisions are approved
by the Board through its approval of the consolidated annual strategic and financial plan. Capital expenditures over a
certain level and any significant debt incurrence require separate action by the Board.

The Allina Health Board has eight standing committees: Audit & Compliance; Human Resources & Compensation;
Finance; Investment; Governance & Nominating; Philanthropy; Physician Governance; and Quality & Population
Health.




                                                           22
Awards and Recognition
Allina Health is honored to be the recipient of numerous awards and certifications that recognize the organization’s
commitment to delivering safe, high-quality care, including:

    •   U.S. News & World Report Best Hospitals named Abbott Northwestern (#1), Mercy (#2, tie) and United
        (#5, tie) hospitals best in Twin Cities and Minnesota. Buffalo Hospital was recognized for the third
        consecutive year. River Falls Area Hospital also earned high performing ranking in pneumonia.
    •   Abbott Northwestern, Mercy and United hospital and St. Francis Regional Medical Center were recognized
        by the American Heart Association’s Get With The Guidelines®– Stroke program. This is an in-hospital
        program for improving stroke care by promoting consistent adherence to the latest scientific treatment
        guidelines.
    •   The 2023 Practice Greenhealth Environmental Excellence Awards recognized 13 Allina Health sites with
        their Partner for Change Award: Abbott Northwestern Hospital, Buffalo Hospital, Cambridge Medical
        Center, Courage Kenny Rehabilitation Institute in Golden Valley, Faribault Medical Center, Mercy Hospital,
        Mercy Hospital – Unity Campus, New Ulm Medical Center, Owatonna Hospital, River Falls Area Hospital,
        St. Francis Regional Medical Center, United Hospital and United Hospital – Hastings Regina Campus.

Visit allinahealth.org/about-us/awards-and-recognition to see more.




                                                        23
Allina Health System
Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                                March 31,    December 31,
                                    Assets                                        2024           2023

 Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                $      390,127       227,248
   Short-term investments                                                          661,172       793,399
   Patient accounts receivable                                                     684,748       580,331
   Inventories and supplies                                                        106,502       101,741
   Other current assets                                                            276,497       227,021

                Total current assets                                             2,119,046      1,929,740

 Investments                                                                     1,708,178      1,667,312
 Investments with limited uses                                                     535,336        556,530
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net                                          211,980        216,413
 Land, buildings, and equipment, net                                             1,514,835      1,510,090
 Other assets                                                                      305,099        302,915
                Total assets                                                $    6,394,474      6,183,000

                        Liabilities and Net Assets

 Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                    $      536,427       583,753
   Current portion of long-term debt                                                22,321        23,200
   Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                   35,506        35,202
   Revolving line of credit                                                        380,000       180,000
   Other current liabilities                                                       221,644       172,844
                Total current liabilities                                        1,195,898       994,999

 Long-term debt                                                                  1,682,044      1,684,466
 Operating lease liabilities                                                       202,907        207,405
 Other liabilities                                                                 198,803        194,710
                Total liabilities                                                3,279,652      3,081,580

 Net assets:
   Without donor restriction
      Controlling interest                                                       2,867,580      2,868,724
      Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries                                       25,979         25,896
             Total net assets without donor restrictions                         2,893,559      2,894,620
   With donor restriction                                                          221,263        206,800

                Total net assets                                                 3,114,822      3,101,420
                Total liabilities and net assets                            $    6,394,474      6,183,000


 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                            24
Allina Health System
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net
Assets
                                              (Unaudited)
                                         (Dollars in thousands)


                                                                     Three Months Ended
                                                                  March 31,       March 31,
                                                                    2024            2023
       Revenues:
         Patient service revenue                          $        1,234,103        1,155,300
         Other operating revenue                                     113,383           91,101

                    Total revenues                                 1,347,486        1,246,401

       Expenses:
         Salaries and benefits                                       852,070         851,153
         Supplies and services                                       339,695         324,338
         Depreciation and amortization                                51,261          52,237
         Financing costs                                              15,556          16,454
         State assessments and taxes                                  25,524          23,054
         Utilities and maintenance                                    20,450          24,565
         Other operating expenses                                     62,403          56,181

                    Total expenses                                 1,366,959        1,347,982

                    Operating income (loss) before
                      restructuring expenses                         (19,473)        (101,581)

         Restructuring expenses                                       28,866               —

                    Operating loss                                   (48,339)        (101,581)
       Nonoperating gains (losses):
         Investment return                                            48,220          84,099
         Gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements                     —           (4,314)
         Other                                                          (983)           (929)
                    Excess (deficiency) of revenues
                       over expenses                                  (1,102)         (22,725)
                    Less (income) loss attributable to
                       noncontrolling interests                         (679)            (531)
                    Excess (deficiency) of revenues
                       over expenses - attributable to
                          controlling interests           $           (1,781)         (23,256)




                                                  25
Allina Health System
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net
Assets
                                             (Unaudited)
                                        (Dollars in thousands)




                                                               Three Months Ended
                                                            March 31,       March 31,
                                                              2024            2023
      Net assets without donor restrictions,
      controlling interest:
        Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses $          (1,781)        (23,256)
        Net assets released from restrictions
           for capital purposes                                      652        10,622
        Other                                                        (15)           63
                    (Decrease) increase in net assets
                    without donor restrictions                   (1,144)        (12,571)
      Net assets without donor restrictions,
      noncontrolling interest:
        Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses               679             531
        Distributions to noncontrolling interests                (1,031)         (1,018)
        Other                                                       435             (14)
                    Increase (decrease) in net assets
                    without donor restrictions,
                    noncontrolling interest                           83           (501)

      Net assets with donor restrictions:
        Contributions                                             7,717           1,096
        Investment return                                         8,448           5,285
        Net assets released from restrictions                    (1,966)        (11,498)
        Other                                                       264             213
                   Increase (decrease) in net assets
                   with donor restrictions                       14,463          (4,904)

                   Increase (decrease) in net assets             13,402         (17,976)

      Net assets at beginning of year                        3,101,420        3,226,125
      Net assets at end of quarter                      $    3,114,822        3,208,149



      See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                  26
Allina Health System
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                   (Unaudited)
                                              (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                                     Three Months Ended
                                                                                  March 31,       March 31,
                                                                                    2024            2023
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Increase (decrease) in net assets                                          $        13,402          (17,976)
  Adjustments to reconcile decrease in net assets to net cash and
     cash equivalents used in operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                 51,261           52,237
        Gain on sale of land, buildings, and equipment                                   202           (1,923)
        Change in fair value of interest rate swaps                                       —             3,499
        Change in realized and unrealized (gains) loss on investments, net           (31,449)         (71,863)
        Restricted contributions including cash for long-lived assets                 (7,717)          (1,096)
        Earnings on unconsolidated entities                                           (5,248)          (3,241)
        Distribution to noncontrolling interest                                        1,031            1,018
        Distributions received from unconsolidated entities                                8                8
        Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Contracted Payer Advances                                                 109,460               —
           Patient accounts receivable and other current assets                     (159,105)         (40,984)
           Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities      (107,986)        (176,770)
           Other assets and liabilities                                                5,156            2,326

             Net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities             (130,985)        (254,765)

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from sales of land, buildings, and equipment                                  771              22
  Purchases of land, buildings, and equipment                                        (56,979)        (47,663)
  Contributions of cash for long-lived assets                                             —              110
  Sales (purchases) of investments, net                                              144,004         199,898

             Net cash and cash equivalents provided by investing activities           87,796         152,367

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Restricted contributions, net                                                        8,168            1,650
  Distributions to noncontrolling interests                                           (1,031)          (1,018)
  Proceeds from revolving lines of credit draws                                      200,000               —
  Refinancing and principal payments of long-term debt                                (1,069)             (16)

             Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities          206,068             616

             Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        162,879         (101,782)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                       227,248         237,047
Cash and cash equivalents at end of quarter                                   $      390,127         135,265



See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                          27
Allina Health System
Abridged Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in thousands)

   1.   Patient Revenue and Accounts Receivable

        Patient service revenue is reported at the amount that reflects the consideration to which Allina Health expects
        to be entitled in exchange for providing patient care. These amounts are due from patients, third-party payers
        (managed care and government programs), and others and includes variable consideration for retroactive
        revenue adjustments due to settlement of audits, reviews, and investigations. Revenue is recognized as
        performance obligations are satisfied.

        Performance obligations are determined based on the nature of the services provided. Revenue for
        performance obligations satisfied over time is recognized based on actual charges incurred in relation to total
        charges. Performance obligations satisfied over time relate to inpatient acute care and outpatient services.
        Revenue for performance obligations satisfied at a point in time is recognized when goods or services are
        provided and Allina Health does not believe it is required to provide additional goods or services to the
        patient. Performance obligations for patients that are in house at period end generally complete within days
        or possibly weeks of period end, therefore are estimated on a pro rata basis.

        Allina Health determines the transaction price based on standard charges for goods and services provided,
        reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payers, discounts provided to uninsured patients
        in accordance with Allina Health policy, and /or implicit price concessions provided to uninsured patients.
        Estimates of contractual adjustments and discounts, or explicit price concessions, are based on contractual
        agreements, discount policy (or policies), and historical experience. The estimate of implicit price
        concessions is based on historical collection experience.

        Agreements with third-party payers typically provide for payments at amounts less than established charges.
        Payment arrangements with major third-party payers included Medicare, Medicaid and managed care payers.

        Laws and regulations concerning government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, are complex and
        subject to interpretation. Compliance with such laws and regulations may also be subject to future
        government review and interpretation as well as significant regulatory action, including fines, penalties, and
        potential exclusion from the related programs. There can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will not
        challenge Allina Health’s compliance with these laws and regulations, and it is not possible to determine the
        impact (if any) such claims or penalties would have upon Allina Health. In addition, contracts with
        commercial payers also provide for retroactive audit and review of claims.

        Settlements with third-party payers for retroactive adjustments due to audits, reviews, or investigations are
        considered variable consideration and are included in the determination of the estimated transaction price for
        providing patient care.

        These settlements are estimated based on the terms of the payment agreement with the payer, correspondence
        from the payer and historical settlement activity, including an assessment to ensure that it is probable that a
        significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty
        associated with the retroactive adjustment is subsequently resolved. Estimated settlements are adjusted in
        future periods as adjustments become known (i.e., new information becomes available), or as years are settled
        or are no longer subject to such audits, reviews, and investigations. Allina Health utilizes a process to identify
        and appeal certain settlements by government payers. Additional reimbursement is recorded in the year the
        appeal is successful.




                                                          28
   Generally patients who are covered by third-party payers are responsible for related deductibles and
   coinsurance, which vary in amount. Allina Health also provides services to uninsured patients, and offers
   those uninsured patients a discount, either by policy or law, from standard charges. Allina Health estimates
   the transaction price for patients with deductibles and coinsurance and from those who are uninsured based
   on historical experience and current market conditions. The initial estimate of the transaction price is
   determined by reducing the standard charge by any contractual adjustments, discounts, and implicit price
   concessions. Subsequent changes to the estimate of the transaction price are generally recorded as
   adjustments to patient service revenue in the period of the change.

   Allina Health provides care to patients regardless of their ability to pay. Therefore, Allina Health has
   determined it has provided implicit price concessions to uninsured patients and patients with other uninsured
   balances (e.g., co-pays and deductibles). The implicit price concessions included in estimating the transaction
   price represent the difference between amounts billed to patients and the amounts Allina Health expects to
   collect based on its collection history with those patients.

   Patients who meet Allina Health’s criteria for charity care are provided care without charge or at amounts
   less than established rates. Such amounts determined to qualify as charity care are not reported as revenue.

2. Fair Value Disclosures

   Allina Health determines the fair value of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy
   established in the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, which
   requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
   when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair
   value.

            Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting
            entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.

            Level 2 Inputs: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
            asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.

            Level 3 Inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, that is, inputs that reflect the reporting
            entity’s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset
            or liability (including risk assumptions) developed based on the best information available in the
            circumstances.

   Inputs and valuation techniques for significant other observable and significant unobservable inputs are:

            For level 2 cash equivalents and fixed income assets that rely on significant other observable inputs
            and significant unobservable inputs, Allina Health employs multiple third-party information
            providers to help determine the fair value of the assets. Level 2 securities in separately managed
            accounts are held at Bank of New York Mellon (“BNYMellon”), who acts as Trustee and Custodian
            for the assets. As Custodian, BNYMellon uses multiple pricing services to value the assets. The
            investment managers utilize their own pricing services and valuation processes. Any significant
            discrepancies between Custodian and investment manager values are reconciled on a monthly basis
            by the managers and BNYMellon. Allina Health also employs an investment consultant who
            researches significant pricing differences between the manager and custodian. The consultant will
            notify the Custodian of any significant pricing issues.

            For limited partnership assets and commingled monthly valued funds, Allina Health utilizes net
            asset value per share or its equivalent to determine the fair value of the assets. Allina Health has the
            ability to redeem its investment with the investee at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) at
            the measurement date, subject to notification period and other requirements specific to each
            investee.




                                                      29
Allina Health’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis were
recorded using the fair value hierarchy at March 31, 2024, as displayed in the table below. Certain
investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical
expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table
are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to amounts presented in the statements of
consolidated balance sheets.

                                                                            Fair Value Measurements Using
                                                           Total         Level 1        Level 2       Level 3
Cash and Cash Equivalents
     Cash                                              $     101,777        101,777             -               -
     Money Market Funds                                      288,350        288,350             -               -
Total Cash and Cash Equivalents                        $     390,127        390,127             -               -

Investments - Trading Securities
  Short-Term Fixed and Money Market                    $     333,821        333,132             689             -

  Equity                                                     380,043        135,340         244,703             -

  Fixed Income                                             1,287,484        458,246         829,238             -

  Investments Accounted for at Net Asset Value               356,345

      Total Investments - Trading Securities           $   2,357,693        926,718        1,074,630            -

      Total Direct and Impact Investments              $      11,657

      Total Unrestricted Cash and Investments          $   2,759,477       1,316,845       1,074,630            -

                                                                            Fair Value Measurements Using
                                                           Total         Level 1        Level 2       Level 3
Investments with Limited Uses
  Short-Term Fixed Income                              $      13,257         13,212              44             -
  Money Market Fund                                          349,736        349,736             -               -
  Equity                                                      24,794          8,830          15,965             -
  Fixed Income                                                75,236         27,945          47,291             -
  Restricted Foundation Trusts                                 3,182            -             3,182             -
  Investments Accounted for at Net Asset Value                69,131

      Total Investments with Limited Uses              $     535,336        399,723          66,482             -

  Total Cash and Investments                           $   3,294,813       1,716,568       1,141,112            -




                                                  30
   Fair value measurements of investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its
   equivalent) as of March 31, 2024, is as follows:
                                                                                 Redemption
                                                                                 Frequencey                                Redemption
                                   Net Asset              Unfunded               (if currently         Redemption          Settlement
                                       Value*         Commitments                    eligible)         Notice Period         Period
      Private Capital Funds        $       425,476        $       205,407       Not redeemable             NA                  NA

            *Includes restricted and unrestricted assets

   Private Capital Funds represent investments in private equity, private credit, and real assets. These funds
   include diversified approach and include limited partnership investments in the following categories: health
   care services and information technology companies, venture capital investments in health care companies,
   early growth stage health care private equity investments, senior secured and floating rate loans to middle
   market U.S. companies, co-investments in intermediate-term opportunities sourced by absolute return,
   private capital, and real asset managers, value-add and opportunistic real estate, special situation and other
   opportunistic investments, distressed and opportunistic real estate investments, single family rental
   properties, investments in the financial services industry, investments in companies in the energy industry,
   and buyout investments globally. The value of the investments in this category has been estimated using the
   net asset value per share of the investments.

3. Derivative Instruments

   Allina Health used interest rate swaps as a part of its risk management strategy to manage exposure to
   fluctuations in interest rates and to manage the overall cost of its debt. Three of the four interest rate swaps
   were used to hedge identified debt and interest rate exposures and were not used for speculative purposes.
   One of the interest rate swaps was issued in advance of an expected debt issuance and was not tied directly
   to any outstanding debt. Interest rate swaps were recognized as either other long-term assets or other long-
   term liabilities in accordance with the netting provisions in the counterparty agreement and were measured
   at fair value.

   Allina Health accounted for its interest rate swaps as required by accounting guidance for derivatives and
   hedging. Allina Health’s interest rate swaps were not designated as effective hedges for accounting purposes.
   Gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair values of the interest rate swaps are reported as non-
   operating gains or losses. Any differences between interest received and paid under swap agreements are
   reported with the change in fair value of the swaps as non-operating gains or losses.

   Effective June 29, 2023, Allina Health terminated all four interest rate swaps, for a total termination amount
   of $30,184.

   The following table provides details regarding the gains and (losses) from Allina Health’s derivative
   instruments in the consolidated statements of operations, none of which were designated as hedging
   instruments.

                        Amount of gain (loss) on               Amount of interest paid to
                          change in fair value                counterparty recognized as
                      recognized as non-operating:            non-operating: interest rate
                     interest rate swap agreements                swap agreements                                 Totals

                     Three Months ended Mar, 31               Three Months ended Mar, 31           Three Months ended Mar, 31
                         2024         2023                        2024         2023                    2024         2023
        2009 B&C     $        -    $     (2,084)              $        -    $      (350)           $        -    $     (2,434)
        2007C                 -            (912)                       -           (210)                    -          (1,122)
        2001                  -            (503)                       -           (255)                    -            (758)
                     $         -       $        (3,499)       $             -    $         (815)   $          -       $    (4,314)




                                                                   31
4. Contingencies and Litigation

   Laws and regulations governing the Medicare program are complex and subject to interpretation. As a result,
   there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by a material amount in the near
   term. Allina Health believes that it is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and is not aware
   of any pending or threatened investigations involving allegations of potential wrongdoing that would have a
   material effect on its consolidated financial statements. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be
   subject to future government review and interpretation, as well as significant regulatory action, including
   fines, penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare program.

   Allina Health is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that are incidental to its normal business
   activities. With respect to these actions, established reserves are fairly stated, though actual results could vary
   from the estimates and assumptions that were used.

5. Subsequent Events

   Allina Health has evaluated subsequent events from the consolidated balance sheet date through May 15,
   2024, the date at which the consolidated financial statements were distributed, and determined there are no
   other items to disclose.




                                                      32
Allina Obligated Group
Combined Balance Sheets
                                                    (Unaudited)
                                               (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                            March 31,    December 31,
                                 Assets                                       2024           2023
 Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                           $      379,167        210,885
    Short-term investments                                                     661,172        793,399
    Patient accounts receivable                                                579,412        489,900
    Inventories and supplies                                                   104,279         99,513
    Other current assets                                                       235,726        186,373
                  Total current assets                                       1,959,756      1,780,070
 Investments                                                                 1,624,871      1,586,220
 Investments with limited uses                                                 344,514        371,147
 Beneficial interests in net assets of Allina Foundations                      258,577        238,789
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net                                      116,068        119,570
 Land, buildings, and equipment, net                                         1,326,466      1,324,757
 Other assets                                                                  165,969        161,126
                  Total assets                                          $    5,796,221      5,581,679
                          Liabilities and Net Assets
 Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                               $      438,144        481,195
    Current portion of long-term debt                                           21,575         21,575
    Current portion of operating lease liabilities                              16,615         16,659
    Revolving line of credit                                                   380,000        180,000
    Other current liabilities                                                  221,644        172,844
                  Total current liabilities                                  1,077,978        872,273
 Long-term debt                                                              1,674,519      1,676,751
 Operating lease liabilities                                                   109,941        113,416
 Other liabilities                                                             116,734        113,391
                  Total liabilities                                          2,979,172      2,775,831
 Net assets:
    Without donor restriction                                                2,548,923      2,557,774
    With donor restriction                                                     268,126        248,074
                  Total net assets                                           2,817,049      2,805,848
                  Total liabilities and net assets                      $    5,796,221      5,581,679




                                                            33
Allina Obligated Group
Combined Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
                                              (Unaudited)
                                          (Dollars in thousands)
                                                                      Three Months Ended
                                                                   March 31,       March 31,
                                                                     2024            2023
       Revenues:
         Patient service revenue                            $         978,184         927,494
         Other operating revenue                                       97,726           77,670
                     Total revenues                                 1,075,910        1,005,164
       Expenses:
         Salaries and benefits                                        655,360          667,534
         Supplies and services                                        294,147          287,339
         Depreciation and amortization                                 42,959           44,884
         Financing costs                                               13,848           14,429
         Services provided by (to) related divisions                  (37,021)         (33,405)
         State assessments and taxes                                   20,685           19,150
         Utilities and maintenance                                     18,543           22,576
         Other operating expenses                                      48,197           42,798
                     Total expenses                                 1,056,718        1,065,305

                     Operating income (loss) before
                       restructuring expenses                          19,192          (60,141)

         Restructuring expenses                                        28,866               —

                    Operating income (loss)                            (9,674)         (60,141)
       Nonoperating gains (losses):
         Investment return                                             47,241          82,978
         Gain (loss) on interest rate swap agreements                      —           (4,314)
         Other                                                           (920)           (846)
                    Excess of revenues
                       over expenses                        $          36,647          17,677




                                                       34
Allina Obligated Group
Combined Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
                                            (Unaudited)
                                       (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                   Three Months Ended
                                                                March 31,       March 31,
                                                                  2024            2023
      Net assets without donor restrictions:
        Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses     $         36,647          17,677
        Net assets released from restrictions
           for capital purposes                                        —               110
        Transfer net assets released to Obligated Group               667           10,512
        Capital contributions to nonobligated group
            affiliates, net                                        (46,177)         (47,483)
        Other                                                           12               39
                      (Decrease) increase in net assets
                         without donor restrictions                 (8,851)         (19,145)
      Net assets with donor restrictions:
        Contributions                                                   —               119
        Net assets released from restrictions                           —              (118)
        Change in beneficial interests in net assets
           of Allina Foundations                                    19,788           (1,171)
        Other                                                          264              213
                      Increase (decrease) in net assets
                         with donor restrictions                    20,052             (957)
                      Increase (decrease) in net assets             11,201          (20,102)
      Net assets at beginning of year                            2,805,848        2,960,430
      Net assets at end of quarter                        $      2,817,049        2,940,328




                                                 35
Allina Health System
Consolidating Balance Sheet
                                                                (Unaudited)
                                                           (Dollars in thousands)
                                                             March 31, 2024



                                                                                                              Allina
                                                                Obligated         Other                      Health
                         Assets                                  Group         nonobligated   Eliminations   System

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                $       379,167           10,960             —      390,127
  Short-term investments                                           661,172               —              —      661,172
  Patient accounts receivable                                      579,412          105,336             —      684,748
  Inventories and supplies                                         104,279            2,223             —      106,502
  Other current assets                                             235,726           40,771             —      276,497
               Total current assets                              1,959,756          159,290             —    2,119,046
Investments                                                      1,624,871           83,307            —     1,708,178
Investments with limited uses                                      344,514          190,822            —       535,336
Beneficial interests in net assets of Allina Foundations           258,577               —       (258,577)          —
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net                           116,068           95,912            —       211,980
Land, buildings, and equipment, net                              1,326,466          188,369            —     1,514,835
Other assets                                                       165,969          139,130            —       305,099
               Total assets                                $     5,796,221          856,830      (258,577)   6,394,474
              Liabilities and Net Assets

Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses                    $       438,144           98,283             —      536,427
  Current portion of long-term debt                                 21,575              746             —       22,321
  Current portion of operating lease liability                      16,615           18,891             —       35,506
  Revolving Line of Credit                                         380,000               —              —      380,000
  Other current liabilities                                        221,644               —              —      221,644
               Total current liabilities                         1,077,978          117,920             —    1,195,898
Long-term debt                                                   1,674,519            7,525             —    1,682,044
Operating lease liabilities                                        109,941           92,966             —      202,907
Other liabilities                                                  116,734           82,069             —      198,803

               Total liabilities                                 2,979,172          300,480             —    3,279,652
Net assets:
  Without donor restriction
     Controlling interest                                        2,548,923          318,657            —     2,867,580
     Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries                            —            25,979            —        25,979
            Total net assets without donor restrictions          2,548,923          344,636            —     2,893,559
  With donor restriction                                           268,126          211,714      (258,577)     221,263

               Total net assets                                  2,817,049          556,350      (258,577)   3,114,822
               Total liabilities and net assets            $     5,796,221          856,830      (258,577)   6,394,474




                                                                    36
Allina Health System
Consolidating Statement of Operations and Changes in Net
Assets
                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

                                            Three Months ended March 31, 2024


                                                                                                       Allina
                                                       Obligated          Other                       Health
                                                        Group          nonobligated    Eliminations   System
Revenues:
  Patient service revenue                          $       978,184          255,919             —     1,234,103
  Other operating revenue                                   97,726            7,043          8,614      113,383
              Total revenues                             1,075,910          262,962          8,614    1,347,486
Expenses:
  Salaries and benefits                                    655,360          196,710             —       852,070
  Supplies and services                                    294,147           45,548             —       339,695
  Depreciation and amortization                             42,959            8,302             —        51,261
  Financing costs                                           13,848            1,708             —        15,556
  Services provided by (to) related divisions              (37,021)          28,407          8,614           —
  State assessments and taxes                               20,685            4,839             —        25,524
  Utilities and maintenance                                 18,543            1,907             —        20,450
  Other operating expenses                                  48,198           14,205             —        62,403

              Total expenses                             1,056,719          301,626          8,614    1,366,959
              Operating income (loss) before
                restructuring expenses                      19,191          (38,664)            —       (19,473)

  Restructuring expenses                                    28,866               —              —        28,866
              Operating income (loss)                       (9,675)         (38,664)            —       (48,339)
Nonoperating gains (losses):
  Investment return                                         47,241             979              —        48,220
  Other                                                       (919)            (64)             —          (983)
             Excess (deficiency) of revenues
                over expenses                               36,647          (37,749)            —        (1,102)
             Less income attributable to
                noncontrolling interests                         —             (679)            —          (679)
             Excess (deficiency) of revenues
                over expenses - attributable to
                  controlling interests            $        36,647          (38,428)            —        (1,781)




                                                            37
Allina Health System
Consolidating Statement of Operations and Changes in Net
Assets
                                                            (Unaudited)
                                                       (Dollars in thousands)

                                             Three Months ended March 31, 2024


                                                                                                            Allina
                                                             Obligated        Other                        Health
                                                              Group        nonobligated    Eliminations    System
Net assets without donor restrictions,
controlling interest:
  Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses          $       36,647         (38,428)             —        (1,781)
  Net assets released from restrictions for
     capital purposes                                               —               652              —           652
  Transfer net assets released to Obligated Group                  667             (667)             —            —
  Capital contributions to nonobligated group
     affiliates, net                                            (46,177)         46,177              —            —
  Other                                                              12             (27)             —           (15)
               (Decrease) increase in net assets without
                  donor restrictions, controlling interest       (8,851)          7,707              —        (1,144)
Net assets without donor restrictions,
noncontrolling interest:
  Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses                       —             679              —           679
  Distributions to noncontrolling interests                           —          (1,031)             —        (1,031)
  Other                                                               —             435              —           435

              Increase in net assets without donor
              restrictions, noncontrolling interest                   —              83              —               83
Net assets with donor restrictions:
  Contributions                                                       —           7,717              —         7,717
  Investment return                                                   —           8,448              —         8,448
  Net assets released from restrictions                               —          (1,966)             —        (1,966)
  Change in beneficial interests in net assets of
     Allina Foundations                                          19,788              —          (19,788)          —
  Other                                                             264              —               —           264
              Increase (decrease) in net assets with
                 donor restrictions                              20,052          14,199         (19,788)      14,463
              Increase (decrease) in net assets                  11,201          21,989         (19,788)      13,402

Net assets at beginning of year                               2,805,848         534,361        (238,789)   3,101,420
Net assets at end of quarter                           $      2,817,049         556,350        (258,577)   3,114,822




                                                                 38
Consolidated Utilization

                                             Three Months Ended                  Year Ended
                                            March 31      March 31     December 31      December 31
                                             2024           2023          2023              2022

 Hospitals
    Admissions *                                 24,016       22,480         93,531           89,671
    Patient Days *                             120,187      118,140        461,286          456,680
       Average length of stay                       5.0          5.3            4.9              5.1
    Observation days                             7,886       12,323         45,483           44,255
    Licensed beds                                2,451        2,451          2,451            2,451
    Staffed beds                                 1,851        1,802          1,851            1,800
    Outpatient visits                          298,957      297,211      1,218,757        1,170,872
    Emergency room visits                       68,247       63,466        345,979          327,847

     Inpatient surgical procedures               6,513        6,405         26,192           25,545
     Outpatient surgical procedures             12,517       13,318         54,075           50,940
     Ambulatory Surgery Center procedures        4,374        3,163         14,290           10,465
       Total surgical procedures                23,404       22,886         94,557           86,950

 Physicians and allied professionals
    Work RVUs                                2,703,203     2,574,338    10,469,210        9,938,529

 Ambulance transports                           22,408       24,416        101,152           97,563


 *results exclude newborns




                                                     39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations
Operating Results
Allina Health’s operating margin before restructuring expenses was -1.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2024,
compared to -8.1% operating margin for the same period in 2023. Allina Health’s operating loss improved by $82.2
million when compared to the same period in 2023.
Allina Health’s Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation and Amortization (EBIDA) margin was 3.5% for the three
months ended March 31, 2024, compared to -2.6% for the same period in 2023. Non-operating investment return and
interest rate swap unrealized activity were consistent with market conditions.
                                                          ALLINA HEALTH                     OBLIGATED GROUP
                                                         Three Months Ended                 Three Months Ended
            EARNINGS SUMMARY
                                                                 March                              March
                                                         2024          2023                 2024          2023
  EBIDA                                            $          46.9 $      (34.1)     $           76.0          (1.4)
    Interest income                                            0.6           1.2                  -             0.6
    Financing costs                                         (15.6)        (16.5)               (13.8)        (14.4)
    Depreciation and amortization                           (51.3)        (52.2)               (43.0)        (44.9)
  Operating income(loss) before non-recurring               (19.4)       (101.6)                 19.2        (60.1)
    Restructuring expenses                                  (28.9)           -                 (28.9)           -
  Operating (loss) income                                   (48.3)       (101.6)                 (9.7)       (60.1)
    Investment return                                         48.2          84.1                 47.2          83.0
    Interest rate swap agreements                              -            (4.3)                 -            (4.3)
    Non-operating other                                       (1.0)         (0.9)                (0.9)         (0.9)
  Excess of revenues over expenses                 $          (1.1) $     (22.7)     $           36.6 $        17.7


Patient Service Revenue
Allina Health’s total operating revenue increased $101.1 million, or 8.1% for the three months ended March 31, 2024,
as compared to 2023. Through March 31, 2024, 37.5% of patient revenue is inpatient revenue, compared to 37.4% in
2023.

                                                 ALLINA HEALTH                 OBLIGATED GROUP
                                                Three Months Ended             Three Months Ended
                PATIENT REVENUE
                                                      March                          March
                                                2024          2023             2024          2023
             Inpatient                        $    462.8 $       431.5       $    464.4 $       431.8
                 Change                                 7.3%                         7.5%
             Outpatient/Ambulatory                     442.7        427.2           422.2           411.3
                 Change                                 3.6%                         2.7%
             Clinic                                    322.0        290.4            87.6             80.3
                 Change                                10.9%                         9.1%
             Other patient revenue                       6.6           6.2            4.0              4.1
                 Change                                 6.5%                        -2.4%
             Total Patient Service Revenue    $    1,234.1     $   1,155.3   $      978.2     $     927.5
                 Change                                 6.8%                         5.5%




                                                          40
Managed Care Relationships
Allina Health negotiates and contracts with managed care payers through a centralized payer relations
function. Managed care payers accounted for 47.3% of Allina Health’s total patient service revenues before implicit
price concessions for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Allina Health’s top three managed care payers comprise
40.6% of Allina Health’s revenue. Allina Health’s contract with its largest managed care payer (Blue Cross) expires
on December 31, 2026. The contracts with Allina Health’s next three largest managed care payers have contracts
expiring December 31, 2024 through December 31, 2026. Allina Health, separately and in conjunction with managed
care payers, continues to redesign clinical processes and to develop evidenced-based guidelines in order to decrease
costs and provide the demonstrable improvements in quality required by managed care.

                    ALLINA HEALTH                                      Patient Revenue
                                                                           March 31
                    PAYER MIX PERCENTAGE                             2024           2023
                     Medicare                                           38.0%           35.3%
                     Medicaid                                           11.2            11.2
                     Contracted Payers                                  47.3            49.2
                     Self Pay                                            1.3             1.6
                     Other                                               2.2             2.7
                     Total                                             100.0%          100.0%




Uncompensated Care
Allina Health provides medical care without charge or at reduced cost to patients who live in the communities that it
serves through the provision of charity care. Allina Health identifies patients that qualify for charity care based upon
certain guidelines related to a patient’s ability to pay for services. The Allina Health hospitals provide a discount on
billed charges for medically necessary care delivered to patients who are uninsured, underinsured and ineligible for
government programs or otherwise medically indigent. New legislation that changed the uninsured discount rate
hospitals provide to uninsured patients as well as requiring hospitals and health systems to screen for charity care
eligibility was implemented on Nov. 1, 2023. This new legislation, combined with the unwinding of the Public Health
Emergency, has led to a significant increase in uninsured discounts.

The estimated cost of providing charity care, by applying a cost to charge ratio to charges identified as charity care,
for the three months ended March 31, 2024, and 2023 were $3.5 million and $4.3 million, respectively. The schedule
below reflects uncompensated care at gross charges forgone.
                                                                           ALLINA HEALTH
                                                                          Three Months Ended
                            UNCOMPENSATED CARE
                                                                               March 31
                                                                          2024          2023
                    Uninsured Discount                                $        27.8    $        12.6
                    Charity Care Discount                                       9.5             11.5
                    Implicit Price Concessions                                 21.3             23.3
                      Total Uncompensated Care                        $        58.6    $        47.4
                        Change                                                23.6%

                    Total Uncompensated Care as a % of
                      Patient Charges before price concessions                 1.6%             1.4%




                                                          41
Volume
Inpatient admissions increased by 6.8%, and inpatient surgeries increased 1.7% for the three months ended March 31,
2024 compared to 2023, while observation days decreased 36%. Total outpatient surgeries decreased 6.0%, offset by
a 38.3% increase of surgeries at the ambulatory surgery centers. Outpatient visits increased 0.6%. Clinic work RVUs
increased 5.0%.

                                                                        ALLINA HEALTH
                                                                       Three Months Ended
                             VOLUME STATISTICS
                                                                            March 31
                                                                       2024          2023
                   Inpatient Hospital Admissions                         24,016        22,480
                     Inpatient change from prior period                    6.8%
                   Observation Days                                        7,886          12,323
                    Observation days change from prior period             -36.0%
                   Outpatient Visits                                     298,957         297,211
                    Outpatient change from prior period                     0.6%
                   Average Length of Stay (days)                             5.0             5.3
                   Hospital Patient Days                                 120,187         118,140
                    Patient days change from prior period                   1.7%
                   Hospital Occupancy (based on staffed beds)              71.4%           72.0%
                   Inpatient Surgeries                                     6,513           6,405
                   Outpatient Surgeries                                   12,517          13,318
                   Ambulatory Surgery Center Surgeries                     4,374           3,163
                     Total Surgeries                                      23,404          22,886
                     Total surgeries change from prior period               2.3%
                   Clinic Work RVUs                                    2,703,203       2,574,338
                     Work RVUs change from prior period                     5.0%
                   Total Case Mix                                            1.80            1.74
                   Medicare Case Mix                                         1.96            2.06




                                                          42
Market Share
Allina Health continues to hold its market leading position. The following market share data from the Minnesota
Hospital Association (MHA) statistical database for the 11-county metropolitan hospital market is updated as of
September 30, 2023.

                                                                                   ALLINA HEALTH
                         MARKET SHARE STATISTICS                              September 30 December 31
                                                                                  2023        2022

                Allina Metro Hospital Inpatient Market Share *                   31.1%            30.6%

                Change in Total Metro Market Volume**                            4.4%             -2.9%

                  *   Hospitals Include: Abbott Northwestern, United, Mercy and St. Francis
                  ** year over year change of the eleven county metro hospital inpatient market volume for the
                      twelve months ending.



Non-Operating Gains and Losses
Allina Health investments include a diversified portfolio of money market, fixed income, equity, private capital, and
real asset investments. The total return on unrestricted long-term investments was 2.3% for the three months ended
March 31, 2024, consistent with the market conditions for the period. To mitigate changes in interest rates on variable
rate debt, Allina Health held fixed-payer swaps, which were marked to market prior to terminating the swaps effective
June 30, 2023.

                                                             ALLINA HEALTH                        OBLIGATED GROUP
                                                            Three Months Ended                    Three Months Ended
      NON-OPERATING GAINS & LOSSES
                                                                    March                                 March
                                                            2024          2023                    2024          2023
  Interest and dividends                               $         24.3 $        16.8           $        24.2 $        16.8
  Realized gains on sales of investments                          6.8           0.1                     6.6           0.6
  Unrealized (losses) gains on investments                       17.1          67.2                    16.4          65.6
  Interest rate swap agreements - fair value                      -            (3.5)                    -            (3.5)
  Interest rate swap agreements -
    counterparty interest                                          -                (0.8)              -             (0.8)
  Other                                                           (1.0)             (0.9)             (0.9)          (0.9)
  Total non-operating                                  $          47.2    $         78.9      $       46.3       $   77.8




                                                             43
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow
Allina Health has a syndicated revolving line of credit in the amount of $400 million. There was a $189 million draw
on the syndicated revolving line of credit in April 2023 which was used in connection with the redemption of the
Series 2007C Bonds, Series 2009B Bonds and Series 2009C Bonds. The draw for redemption of the prior bonds is
expected to be repaid by the end of 2024. Allina Health drew an additional $200 million in March 2024 due to the
inability to bill certain claims after the Change Healthcare cyberattack, and paid down that draw in April 2024. The
outstanding draw as of March 31, 2024 was $380 million.
Allina Health had 165 days cash on hand as of December 31, 2023, compared with 174 days at December 31, 2023.
Amounts drawn on the line of credit are not included in the days cash on hand calculation.
Leverage was 37.1% as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Cash to debt is 140% as of March 31, 2024,
compared to 147% at December 31, 2023.
The Obligated Group historical annual debt service coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the Master Trust
Indenture on a twelve month look back and adjusted for nonrecurring restructuring expenses for March 31, 2024.
Allina Health capital spending was $57 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared to capital
spending of $47.7 million for the same time period in 2023.

                                                      ALLINA HEALTH                    OBLIGATED GROUP
 BALANCE SHEET & LIQUIDITY STATISTICS                March     December 31             March     December 31
                                                     2024         2023                 2024         2023
  Unrestricted cash & investments                  $   2,759.5 $    2,688.0          $   2,665.2 $    2,590.5
  Days cash on hand                                          165             174              202             212
  Total Debt                                       $     1,704.4    $    1,707.7     $     1,696.1   $     1,698.3
  Net assets without donor restrictions            $     2,893.6    $    2,894.6     $     2,548.9   $     2,557.8
  Debt to capitalization *                                37.1%            37.1%            40.9%            40.9%
  Patient receivables                              $       684.7    $      580.3     $      579.4    $       489.9
  Days revenue in receivables, net                            52              45               55               38
  Cash to debt                                               140%          147%              135%            142%
  Historical annual debt service coverage                                                      3.7             5.8

*Obligated Group includes Letters of Credit and Surety indebtedness




                                                        44
Debt and Investment Appendix
Debt Structure
Allina Health holds a mix of both fixed and variable rate long-term debt. The following chart displays the structure
and provides detail regarding credit enhancement and expiration of the credit agreement, if applicable.

                  Allina Health's current debt structure as of March 31, 2024

Series                 $ Outstanding              Structure         Maturity     Credit Enhancement        Int. Rate*
2023A                          181,500       Fixed Rate               2052     None                          5.00%
2023B                          181,500       Fixed Rate               2053     None                          5.00%
2021 Taxable                   302,323       Fixed Rate               2051     None                          2.90%
2021                           167,770       Fixed Rate               2040     None                          4.00%
2019 Taxable                   300,000       Fixed Rate               2049     None                          3.89%
2019                            50,525       Fixed Rate               2029     None                          5.00%
2017 Taxable                   150,000       Fixed Rate               2047     None                          4.43%
2017A                           58,500       Fixed Rate               2029     None                          5.00%
2015 Taxable                   250,000       Fixed Rate               2045     None                          4.81%
                       $     1,642,118       Total Bonds
Other **                        62,247
                       $    1,704,365        Total Debt

Fixed Rate                                    $      1,642,118       96.3%
Other                                                   62,247       3.7%
Total                                         $    1,704,365


    *Interest rates are interest cost only, and do not include premium/discount, administrative, credit facility, broker, or other
         costs related to the issuance of the bonds.
    **Other debt includes unamortized deferred financing costs, premiums or discounts associated with fixed rate debt and other
         small notes and loans that are included in debt on the balance sheet.




                                                               45
Investment Pools
The Investment Committee, a committee of the Allina Health Board, is responsible for overseeing asset allocation
studies; evaluating and selecting an independent investment consultant; developing investment objectives, guidelines,
and performance measurement standards; evaluating and selecting investment managers; and reviewing and
evaluating the results of each investment component and the overall performance of all invested funds.

Allina Health maintains its unrestricted investments in cash, cash equivalents and short-term fixed income (liquidity
assets), which are utilized for liquidity and preservation of capital, and diversified long term investments (long-term
assets), which are utilized for capital growth. The allocation between liquidity and long-term assets depends on the
liquidity and strategic needs of the organization. The following table allocates assets based on investment strategy,
and will vary from the audited footnote, which looks through the investment strategies to the underlying holdings.

Allina Health periodically reviews asset allocation to ensure that the organization is maintaining the appropriate
liquidity, portfolio allocation, and to address shifts in market expectations. The Investment Committee of the Allina
Health Board approved a new long-term asset allocation target in 2021, which is reflected in the following table. The
Investment Committee determined it was appropriate to temporarily increase the liquidity in the portfolio in the fourth
quarter of 2023, without adjusting the long-term asset allocation targets.

Unrestriced Cash and Investments - Asset Allocation
                                           Current
Unrestricted Balances                      Target                  3/31/2024                          3/31/2023

   Cash and Cash Equivalents                                            $       390,127                    $       135,265

   Short-Term Fixed Income                  15.0%               27.9%            661,172        14.1%               374,627
   Long-Term Assets                         85.0%               72.1%          1,708,178        85.9%             2,284,179
                                                               100.0%          2,369,350       100.0%             2,658,806

   Total Unrestricted Assets                                            $      2,759,477                   $      2,794,071

Asset Allocation - Asset Class
                                            Current      3/31/2024        3/31/2024         3/31/2023        3/31/2023
                                            Target       % of Long         % Total          % of Long         % Total
                                           Allocation   Term Assets     Unrestricted       Term Assets     Unrestricted
Investment                                                              Investments                        Investments
Global Equity                                36.0%         22.4%            16.1%             37.4%            32.1%
Long/Short Equity Hedge Funds                0.0%           0.1%               0.1%           0.4%                0.3%
Global Fixed Income                          46.0%         53.5%            38.6%             39.8%            34.2%
Alternatives                                 18.0%         23.9%            17.2%             22.2%            19.1%
Real Return                                  0.0%           0.1%               0.1%           0.2%                0.2%
Total Long-Term                             100.0%        100.0%            72.1%            100.0%            85.9%




                                                          46
Summary of Key Financial Ratios
The table below is a summary of key financial ratios.


                                                        Three Months Ended
                                                             March 31,                Year Ended December 31,
                     Indicators                         2024            2023           2023             2022

 Liquidity Ratios:
      Monthly DCOH*                                            140             175            143              193
      Annual DCOH**                                            140             178            143              200
      Traditional DCOH                                         165             204            174              226
      Days Cash on Hand
         (Obligated Group)                                     202             211            212              222
      Cash to Debt                                        140%            173%            147%            186%

      Days Revenue in Receivables                                  52           46                45            46

      VRDB Debt (in millions)                                      $0      $279                   $0       $279
      Monthly liquidity to VRDB debt                           -          857%                -           920%

 Capital Structure Ratios:
      Historical Coverage Ratio (x)
        (Obligated Group)                                      3.7              1.8               5.8           2.1
      Cushion Ratio (x) (Obligated Group)                      31.4            29.1           77.2             35.9
      Leverage (Obligated Group)                          40.9%           38.0%          40.9%            37.8%
      Leverage                                            37.1%           34.8%          37.0%            34.7%

 Profitability Ratios:
      EBIDA Margin                                         3.5%           -2.6%          -1.0%             1.8%
      Operating Margin                                    -1.4%           -8.1%          -6.2%            -3.4%
      Net Income Margin                                   -0.1%           -1.8%          -3.2%            -8.0%
      Revenue Growth                                       8.1%            6.2%           5.5%             0.6%

        Note:     All ratios are for Allina Health consolidated financial results, unless otherwise noted.
                  All ratios exclude restructuring and strike expenses, where applicable.
                  DCOH excludes draws on revolving lines of credit and proceeds on 364-day Term Loan.

        * Days cash on hand available within 0 – 30 days
        **Days cash on hand available within 0 – 365 days




                                                          47
