DISCLOSURE REPORT | DATED MAY 23, 2025


THE NEW YORK AND
PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL
For the Three Months Ended
March 31, 2025
Disclosure Report
Dated May 23, 2025
The New York and Presbyterian Hospital for the
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025

Table of Contents
Organizational Structure ...................................................................................................... ii
Introduction.......................................................................................................................... 1
General ............................................................................................................................... 1
NYPH Campuses ................................................................................................................ 2
Recent Developments ......................................................................................................... 3
Community Health and Benefits………………………………………………………………….14
NYPH and Regional Hospitals Awards and Recognitions .................................................. 21
Financial and Operating Information .................................................................................. 30
Utilization ........................................................................................................................... 30
Sources of Patient Service Revenue ................................................................................. 31
Summary Statements of Operations and Financial Position .............................................. 32
Operating Margin ............................................................................................................... 36
Liquidity ............................................................................................................................. 36
Long-Term Debt Service Coverage ................................................................................... 37
Capitalization ..................................................................................................................... 38
Cash to Debt ..................................................................................................................... 39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Utilization ........................................................ 40
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Recent Financial Performance ....................... 40
Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness............................................................................... 42
Investments ....................................................................................................................... 45
Philanthropy ...................................................................................................................... 47
Fund, Inc. ......................................................................................................................... 47
Capital Expenditures ......................................................................................................... 47
RCP Corporations ............................................................................................................. 47




                                                                        Disclosure Report | Q1 2025
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Disclosure Report constitute projections
or estimates of future events, generally known as forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are based on the current plans and expectations of NYPH and are subject to known and
unknown uncertainties and risks, many of which are beyond the control of NYPH, that could significantly
affect current plans and expectations and NYPH’s future financial position and results of operations. As
a consequence, current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations
may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NYPH.
Investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the
information presented herein. The achievement of certain results or other expectations contained in such
forward-looking statements involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause actual results, performance or achievements described to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. NYPH
does not plan to issue any updates or revisions to those forward-looking statements if or when changes
in its expectations, or events, conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based, occur.

PREVIOUSLY REPORTED INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO PRIOR PERIODS
Due to changes in accounting standards and related guidance, the application of relevant accounting
standards, or an event such as a merger, that require a reclassification or restatement of certain items,
and to adjustments in utilization data that occur in the normal course of patient care or as services are
billed and coded, certain financial information and utilization data set forth herein with respect to past
periods may differ from what NYPH has previously reported in disclosure documents previously published
to the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board’s Electronic Municipal Market Access (EMMA) website.

THIRD-PARTY STATISTICS AND DATA
To the extent this Disclosure Report includes statistics and other data relating to the healthcare industry
in the United States that have been derived from third-party sources, such statistics and data are not
necessarily reflective of current or future industry and market conditions. While NYPH has no reason to
question the accuracy of such statistics and data, such statistics and data have not been independently
verified by NYPH.




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                    i
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
The New York and Presbyterian Hospital (“NYPH”), a New York not-for-profit corporation, serves as the
academic and quaternary care hub of a network of health care providers, which, as of the date of this
Disclosure Report, includes NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens (“NYP Queens”) and Hudson Valley Hospital
Center (d/b/a NewYork-Presbyterian Hudson Valley Hospital) (“NYP Hudson Valley” and together with
NYP Queens, the “Regional Hospitals”), and certain other entities, all located in New York. NYPH owns
and operates inpatient facilities at eight campuses. Five of these campuses are in the New York City
Borough of Manhattan and are referred to herein as “NYP/Weill Cornell,” “NYP/Columbia,” “NYP Lower
Manhattan,” “NYP Morgan Stanley,” and “NYP Allen.” One of the campuses is in the Borough of Brooklyn
and is referred to as “NYP Brooklyn Methodist.” The other two campuses are in Westchester County, New
York and are referred to as “NYP Westchester” and “NYP Westchester Behavioral Health.” See, “NYPH
Campuses” in this Disclosure Report. NYP Queens and NYP Hudson Valley each owns and operates an
inpatient facility at its campus in, respectively, the Borough of Queens and Westchester County.

As used in this Disclosure Report, the term “NYPH” refers to The New York and Presbyterian Hospital
as a legal entity separate from the other entities (the “Consolidated Entities”) that are part of the
consolidated group that is reported in the consolidated financial statements of the Hospital (as defined
below) prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Consolidated
Entities include, among others, NYP Community Programs, Inc. (“NYP Community Programs”) and the
Regional Hospitals. The term “the Hospital” is used in this Disclosure Report to refer to NYPH and its
Consolidated Entities collectively.

New York-Presbyterian Foundation, Inc. (“NYPFI”) is an affiliate that is related to NYPH through the
NYPH Board of Trustees. NYPH also is affiliated with several entities that support NYPH through
fundraising and real estate holdings. These affiliated entities (“Supporting Corporations”) include:
(i) New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc. (“Fund, Inc.”), which solicits, receives, invests and administers
philanthropic funds for NYPH, the Regional Hospitals, and other charitable organizations approved by
the Board of Directors of Fund, Inc., both directly and through Hudson East River Systems, LLC (“HERS”),
an affiliated investment entity, and (ii) three real estate holding companies: Royal Charter Properties,
Inc., Royal Charter Properties-East, Inc., and Royal Charter Properties-Westchester, Inc. (collectively, the
“RCP Corporations”). NYP Community Programs, a subsidiary of NYPH, serves as the parent entity of
each of the Regional Hospitals. Another affiliated entity, NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System, Inc.
(“NYPHSI”), serves as the corporate link to entities that are referred to herein as “Corporate Members.”

None of NYPFI, NYPHSI, the Supporting Corporations, the Regional Hospitals, the Corporate Members
or the other affiliated entities have any obligations with respect to indebtedness of NYPH.




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     ii
            NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE1

                                                                 New York-Presbyterian
                                                                   Foundation, Inc.




                                New York-                                            Royal Charter             Royal Charter
                                                          Royal Charter
                               Presbyterian                                           Properties-               Properties-                  New York-
  The New York                                           Properties, Inc.
                                Fund, Inc.                                             East, Inc.             Westchester, Inc.             Presbyterian
 and Presbyterian
                                                                                                                                             Healthcare
     Hospital
                                                                                                                                            System, Inc.




                                            Hospital for
 NYP Community                             Special Surgery                                                                                 The Silvercrest
  Programs, Inc.                                                                                                The New York
                                                                                      The Rogosin                                            Center for
                                                                                                                Gracie Square
                                                                                        Institute                                           Nursing and
                                                                                                                  Hospital
                                                                                                                                           Rehabilitation2


                                                                                          OBLIGATED GROUP3
     New York-
                                New York-
    Presbyterian                                                                          SUPPORTING CORPORATIONS, NON-OBLIGATED GROUP4
                               Presbyterian
   Hudson Valley
                                 Queens                                                   HOSPITAL SUBSIDIARY, NON-OBLIGATED GROUP5
      Hospital
                                                                                          OTHER RELATED CORPORATIONS, NON-OBLIGATED GROUP6

                                                                                          CORPORATE MEMBERS, NON-OBLIGATED GROUP7


1.	This NewYork-Presbyterian Organizational Structure chart does not include all entities which are included in the consolidated financial statements
    of The New York and Presbyterian Hospital (together with the Consolidated Entities (as defined below), the “Hospital”; as a legal entity separate from
    the Consolidated Entities, “NYPH”). Among others, it does not include professional corporations and other affiliates controlled by NYPH or one of
    the Regional Hospitals. For additional information regarding these entities, see Note 1 to the Hospital’s Unaudited Consolidated Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Information As of and For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025, which are being posted on EMMA with this
    Disclosure Report.
2.	The Silvercrest Center for Nursing and Rehabilitation has entered into an agreement to sell substantially all its assets. Closing of the sale is subject
    to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including receipt of the New York State Public Health and Health Planning Council and other
    regulatory approvals.
3.	In connection with the issuance of its Series 2015 Bonds in February 2015, NYPH formed an Obligated Group under and as defined in its Master
    Trust Indenture. Currently, NYPH is the sole member of the Obligated Group; the Consolidated Entities are not members of the Obligated Group.
    For a discussion of the Master Trust Indenture, the Obligated Group and the debt covered thereby, see “Financial and Operating Information—
    Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness—The MTI Indebtedness” on page 43 in this Disclosure Report.
4.	For a discussion of the Supporting Corporations, see “ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE” on page ii of this Disclosure Report.
5.	Hospital subsidiaries are those entities under the control of NYPH or one of its direct subsidiaries. These entities are part of the Hospital’s consolidated
    group that is reported in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Entities
    included in the Hospital’s consolidated financial statements, other than NYPH, are not legally obligated on NYPH’s indebtedness. The entities that
    are part of the Hospital’s consolidated audit group, other than NYPH, are referred to in this Disclosure Report as the “Consolidated Entities”.
6.	These corporations provide a corporate or contractual link to certain entities. For additional details, see “ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE” on
    page ii of this Disclosure Report.
7.	For a discussion of the Corporate Members, see ““ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE” on page ii of this Disclosure Report.
Note: NYPH is the only entity that is obligated to repay its indebtedness, including (i) The New York and Presbyterian Hospital Taxable Bonds,
Series 2015, Series 2016, Series 2019 and Series 2020 (respectively, the “Series 2015 Bonds”, the “Series 2016 Bonds”, the “Series 2019 Bonds”
and the “Series 2020 Bonds”) and (ii) the Dormitory Authority of the State of New York The New York and Presbyterian Hospital Obligated Group
Revenue Bonds, Series 2023A (the “Series 2023 Bonds”). None of the assets or revenue of any of the other entities in the chart above is committed
to the repayment of such indebtedness.



                                                                       Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                    iii
H     Hospital Campus


      Medical Group


      Ambulatory Care Network


      Ambulatory Care Center


      ColumbiaDoctors
                                                                                    H

      Weill Cornell Medicine


      Corporate




                                                                                                H




                                                                                        H


Upstate                        Connecticut
                                                                                H


                                                                            H




                                                                        H
                                                                                            H



Long Island                    New Jersey                       H



                                                                    H




Florida


    NYPH, the Regional Hospital, the Medical Groups, ColumbiaDoctors and Weill Cornell Medicine
    collectively provide care at over 350 ambulatory care and ambulatory surgery centers, and
    primary and specialty care offices in New York City, Long Island and the Lower Hudson Valley,
    in addition to the ten inpatient facility campuses.
INTRODUCTION
General
NYPH, a New York not-for-profit corporation, was created as a result of the January 1998 merger of
The Society of The New York Hospital, which was created in 1771 under a charter granted by King
George III, and The Presbyterian Hospital in the City of New York. NYPH, which operates at eight
campuses in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Westchester County, New York, was recognized as one of the
best hospitals in the United States and a top hospital in New York by the 2024-2025 U.S. News and
World Report Best Hospitals Honor Roll.

NYPH ranks in the top five nationwide in seven specialties: cardiology, heart & vascular surgery (No. 5);
neurology and neurosurgery (No. 4); orthopedics (No. 4); psychiatry (No. 3); diabetes and endocrinology
(No. 2); urology (No. 2); and rheumatology (No. 3), a collaborative program with Hospital for Special
Surgery. NYPH ranked in the top 20 in 14 of 15 specialties, more than any other hospital in New York.

NYPH was also recognized as the #1 children’s hospital in New York, by U.S. News & World Report’s
2024-2025 “Best Children’s Hospitals” rankings and was the only hospital in New York to rank among
the top 50 hospitals across all 11 pediatrics specialties evaluated.

NYPH is a leader in graduate medical education, serving as the primary clinical teaching facility for two
of the leading medical colleges in the United States: The Joan and Sanford I. Weill Medical College of
Cornell University (“Weill Cornell Medical School”) and Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians
and Surgeons (“Columbia VP&S”) (collectively, the “Medical Schools”). Through this collaboration,
NYPH’s patients have access to a full range of medical specialties, as well as some of the leading
physicians in the United States.

Over the years, NYPH has developed its relationships with the Regional Hospitals (NYP Queens and
NYP Hudson Valley) as part of its strategic goal of providing high quality, integrated care throughout the
New York metropolitan area (the “New York Metropolitan Area”). Today, the doctors, nurses, and staff of
NYPH and the Regional Hospitals provide care across the region at ten hospital campuses in New York
City and its northern suburbs. Additionally, more than 180 primary and specialty care clinics and medical
groups and an array of telemedicine services enable people across the New York Metropolitan Area to
receive care in their own communities. NYPH has developed highly specific, patient-centered models of
care to treat its diverse patient populations and has become the teaching hospital of one of the nation’s
largest and most comprehensive, integrated academic healthcare systems.




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   1
NYPH CAMPUSES
NYPH owns and operates one of the oldest hospitals in the nation. It has a history of more than 250 years of
providing medical care in the New York Metropolitan Area, with seven of the eight campuses operated by NYPH
having roots dating back more than 100 years. NYPH is a major academic medical center and currently has
3,402 certified inpatient beds.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN/WEILL CORNELL MEDICAL CENTER
                NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center (“NYP/Weill Cornell”) occupies the city blocks
                bounded by East 68th Street to East 71st Street and from York Avenue to the East River, together
                with various buildings in the area. Portions of the buildings that comprise the NYP/Weill Cornell
                campus are owned and/or occupied by Weill Cornell Medical School. NYPH has 879 certified inpatient
                beds at its facilities at the NYP/Weill Cornell campus, which includes 135 certified beds at the
                Alexandra Cohen’s Hospital for Women and Newborns (the “NYP Cohen Hospital”). The NYP Cohen
                Hospital, which is located on the top floors of the NYP David H. Koch Center (the “NYP Koch Center”),
                provides maternity, well-baby and neonatal intensive care unit services, and together with the
                NYP Koch Center houses a variety of outpatient services, such as radiation oncology, infusion,
                ambulatory surgery, endoscopy, pre-admission testing and other ancillary services.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN/COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY IRVING MEDICAL CENTER
                NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Irving Medical Center (“NYP/Columbia”) occupies the
                city blocks bounded by West 165th Street to West 168th Street and from Broadway to Riverside
                Drive, together with various other buildings in the area. Portions of the buildings that comprise
                NYP/Columbia are owned and/or occupied by Columbia University. NYPH has 738 certified
                inpatient beds at its facilities on this campus.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN MORGAN STANLEY CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL
                NewYork-Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital (“NYP Morgan Stanley”) is a pediatric
                acute care and ancillary services facility with 284 certified inpatient beds and is located on a site
                contiguous with the NYP/Columbia campus.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN WESTCHESTER BEHAVIORAL HEALTH CENTER
                NewYork-Presbyterian Westchester Behavioral Health Center (“NYP Westchester Behavioral
                Health”), which is located in White Plains, New York, has 247 certified inpatient beds and provides
                inpatient and outpatient psychiatric and behavioral health services.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN LOWER MANHATTAN HOSPITAL
                NewYork-Presbyterian Lower Manhattan Hospital (“NYP Lower Manhattan”) is located at
                170 William Street, Manhattan, and is the only inpatient facility below 14th Street. It has
                180 certified inpatient beds.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN ALLEN HOSPITAL
                NewYork-Presbyterian Allen Hospital (“NYP Allen”) has 196 certified inpatient beds and is located
                at Broadway and the Harlem River in the Inwood section of Manhattan. It opened in 1988 under
                the sponsorship of The Presbyterian Hospital in the City of New York and offers acute care to
                residents of its service area in a community-based setting.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN WESTCHESTER
                (FORMERLY NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN LAWRENCE HOSPITAL)
                NewYork-Presbyterian Westchester (“NYP Westchester”) has 288 certified inpatient beds and is
                located in Bronxville, Westchester County, New York.

                NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN BROOKLYN METHODIST HOSPITAL
                NewYork-Presbyterian Brooklyn Methodist Hospital (“NYP Brooklyn Methodist”) has 590 certified
                inpatient beds and is located in Brooklyn, New York.




                                                   Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                          2
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Sustaining Care Delivery Through
Economic Headwinds

Like many healthcare organizations, NYPH and the Regional Hospitals are navigating current
macroeconomic realities and anticipating challenges ahead. To support long-term sustainability,
management is advancing growth initiatives and reviewing expenses across the system. As part of
this process, NYPH and the Regional Hospitals are reducing their workforce by approximately 2%.
Management believes this is a prudent step to ensure continued delivery of high-quality patient care
and to maintain NYPH’s commitment to the communities it serves.


First Fully Robotic Liver Transplant in New York
Performed at NYP/Weill Cornell
Surgeons from NYP/Weill Cornell and NYP/Columbia performed the first robotic liver transplant in
New York on April 1, 2025, helping advance the field of transplant surgery. This is one of only three
programs in the United States and among a few centers worldwide that perform robotic liver transplants.
The nine-hour procedure involved the surgeon operating a robot a few feet away from the patient, while
looking through camera screens in the robotic console, using hands and feet to control instruments
through small incisions. The team made five small holes in the abdomen to insert the robotic arms and
a small incision in the lower abdomen to remove the recipient’s liver and implant the donor’s liver. This
method allows for greater precision and reduces recovery time compared to traditional open surgery,
which requires a large incision and longer hospitalization. Advancements in robotic liver surgery have
enabled the team to undertake more complex operations and to improve outcomes for patients with
liver cancer, living liver donors, and liver transplant recipients.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   3
One Heart Saves Three Lives:
Innovative Partial Heart Transplant Performed at
NYP Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital


  John Catoliato, Hend
  Almesafri, and Thomas
  “Teddy” Carter, were
  part of one of the first
  split-root domino
  partial heart transplants
  in the United States,
  performed at
  NewYork-Presbyterian
  Morgan Stanley
  Children’s Hospital.




In a groundbreaking medical advancement, surgeons at NYP Morgan Stanley performed one of the
first split-root domino partial heart transplants in the United States on July 25, 2024. This innovative
procedure involved three young patients. One child, diagnosed with genetic cardiomyopathy, received a
full heart transplant from a deceased donor. That child’s healthy valves were then donated to two other
children, who received heart valve transplants. This complex series of operations was executed by a
multidisciplinary team.

The child with cardiomyopathy required a mechanical heart pump until a donor heart became available.
That child’s healthy pulmonary and aortic valves made the child an ideal candidate for this pioneering
procedure. One of the recipients, born with truncus arteriosus, had undergone multiple surgeries. The other
recipient, diagnosed with aortic stenosis, faced numerous surgeries to manage the patient’s condition.

SPLIT-ROOT DOMINO HEART TRANSPLANT



                                                                                                   Aortic
                                                                                                   Valve

                                                                                                 Patient 2




      Donor                       Patient 1’s                                 Patient 1’s
                                                                                                 Pulmonary
                              transplanted heart                            explanted heart        Valve

                                                                                                 Patient 3



                                                   Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                4
These three back-to-back simultaneous procedures took 20 hours and involved meticulous logistical
preparations, requiring two operating rooms, three intensive care unit beds, and coordination among
multiple teams. Pediatric heart surgeons led the procedures, performing the full heart transplant, the
aortic valve replacement, and the pulmonary valve transplant.

Teamwork and innovation were essential in achieving this medical feat. The successful transplants not
only saved the lives of these three children but also paved the way for future advancements in pediatric
heart treatments. The three patients recovered well, with the two valve recipients being discharged nine
days later, and the full heart transplant recipient leaving the hospital about three weeks after the transplant.
This procedure marks a significant step forward in the treatment of pediatric cardiovascular disease.


Transplant Program
Surgeons at NYP/Columbia and NYP/Weill Cornell performed 1,019 transplant surgeries during the
twelve months ended December 31, 2024, and 239 transplant surgeries for the three months ended
March 31, 2025. This included heart, lung, liver, kidney, intestine, and pancreas transplants from
deceased donors, as well as living donor transplantation for kidney and liver. This was the most
transplant surgeries performed by any hospital in the U.S. during each of these periods, according to
the United Network for Organ Sharing (“UNOS”). NYPH been the leading transplant hospital in the
nation for the past four years based on annual transplant volume.

HEART
NYPH’s adult transplant program began in 1971, based at the NYP/Columbia campus in Washington
Heights where the first heart transplant at NYPH was completed in 1977. In October 2022, NYPH
received approval from the New York State Department of Health to expand its renowned heart
transplant program to the NYP/Weill Cornell campus on the Upper East Side. The first heart transplant
at NYP/Weill Cornell was performed on February 1, 2023. Through March 31, 2025, NYPH has performed
over 3,217 heart transplants.

LIVER
NYPH’s transplant program was the first in the nation to offer minimally invasive liver donor surgery
and one of the first centers in the U.S. offering robotic donor surgery to all liver donors. Liver resection
surgeries are also offered robotically.




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                       5
KIDNEY
NYPH is recognized as the number one kidney transplant program by volume in the nation according
to UNOS. As of March 31, 2025, surgeons at NYPH have performed over 11,486 kidney transplants.
The program at NYP/Weill Cornell is the founding center of the National Kidney Registry, which is used
in national efforts for paired donation, advanced kidney donation and exchange transplants. As of
March 31, 2025, surgeons at NYP/Columbia and NYP/Weill Cornell performed over 6,400 living donor
transplants (liver and kidney combined), the most of any hospital in the nation according to UNOS data.
Of these, 5,854 were living donor kidney transplants and 554 were living donor liver transplants.
NYP/Columbia is the lead investigator site in the PANORAMA trial, a clinical trial that aims to decrease
the barriers to successful kidney transplantation. In addition, surgeons at NYP/Columbia have begun
offering robotic surgery for kidney living donor surgeries and for kidney transplant surgeries.

LUNG
NYP/Columbia has one of the oldest lung transplant programs in the nation and is now the fourth
largest lung transplant center by volume nationwide according to UNOS, performing more than 100 lung
transplants annually. In 2024, 121 transplants were performed, including eleven lung-inclusive multiorgan
transplants, marking the fourth consecutive year the number of lung transplants surpassed annual totals
in prior years. Five-year and ten-year lung transplant survival rates for NYPH lung transplant patients
exceed the national average, based on NYPH’s internal analysis of UNOS data.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   6
Quality
NYPH focuses on best practices in quality, safety and experience initiatives. In the aftermath of the
COVID-19 pandemic, NYPH reengineered processes with a focus on building a strong, resilient workforce.
This positive change has been reflected in the improved scores and new recognitions NYPH received
regarding quality. NYPH’s mortality index is at its lowest level and patient experience scores at their
highest. NYPH also has top-tier rankings in other Vizient Quality indicators. Two campuses, NYP Brooklyn
Methodist and NYP/Weill Cornell, won awards in September 2024 for their outstanding performance at
the Vizient Connections Summit.

In 2024, for the second consecutive year, NYPH was awarded a Five-Star rating from the annual quality
measurement program from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”). This rating, the
highest given, was received by fewer than 15% of hospitals nationwide. CMS stars reflect performance
in safety of care, mortality, readmissions, patient experience, and the timeliness and effectiveness of
care. NYPH’s Five-Star rating has been driven by improvements in key patient safety indicators, including
mortality, patient experience scores, and hospital-acquired infection rates, that were achieved by a focus
on high-reliability and evidenced-based best practices.

According to data provided by CMS on February 19, 2025, NYPH ranks among the top 5 hospitals
(at 99.8 percentile) nationwide for patient safety and adverse events (PSI 90). Additionally, NYPH and
NYP Queens have earned an “A” Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade, which places them among the top-
performing hospitals nationally in terms of patient safety. NYPH and the Regional Hospitals are focused
on maintaining a strong culture of safety and have numerous initiatives that are designed to prevent
harm and promote safety in the delivery of care.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                    7
NewYork Quality Care—Accountable Care
Organization (“ACO”)
NewYork Quality Care (“NYQC”), the ACO formed by NYPH and its affiliated Medical Schools, Columbia
VP&S and Weill Cornell Medical School, earned shared savings in 2023 from CMS. NYQC generated
over $17.7 million in total savings. Of this amount, NYQC was awarded performance payments totaling
$6.9 million. NYQC serves about 39,165 attributed Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries, mostly in the
New York Metropolitan Area.

In addition to in-person visits, clinicians participating in NYQC used telehealth and remote patient
monitoring to coordinate care, improve preventive services and reduce avoidable hospitalizations and
emergency room visits. Nationwide, the Medicare Shared Savings Program includes more than 600,000
participating clinicians who provide care to eleven million Medicare beneficiaries. The program’s 453
participating ACOs generated $5.2 billion in savings for Medicare in 2023, a net savings of $2.1 billion to
the Medicare program after accounting for performance payments, according to data from the National
Association of Accountable Care Organizations.


Digital Transformation and Artificial Intelligence
NYPH is committed to leveraging technology and automation and investing in data science to deliver
efficient operations, streamline clinical care, enhance patient, provider, and employee experience, and
reduce the burden of human disease. Major initiatives underway that leverage technology include the
optimization of registration and scheduling to improve access to care as well as the development and
adoption of self-service tools, the development of a length of stay command center driven by artificial
intelligence (“AI”), the expansion of robotics in pharmacy, the establishment of a network operations
center powered by AI, employee scheduling using AI, and the maximization of provider time at the
bedside by using generative AI for documentation.

NYPH is using digital innovation as a tool to transform how care is delivered, such as using an AI model
to detect valvular heart disease and develop an advanced cardiac data mart.

NYPH, the Regional Hospitals, the NYP Medical Groups,1 Weill Cornell Medicine (the faculty practice
of Weill Cornell Medical School) and ColumbiaDoctors (the faculty practice of Columbia VP&S) have all
fully implemented Epic, a standardized electronic health record and billing system. Implementation of
the Epic Lab Information System was recently launched and is expected to go-live systemwide in the
fourth quarter of 2025.




  The NYP Medical Groups are a number of medical practices established as New York professional corporations associated
1	

  with NYPH or one of the Regional Hospitals.




                                                      Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                         8
EchoNext:
AI-Detection of Structural Heart Disease
Structural heart disease (“SHD”) is a growing epidemic that remains significantly underdiagnosed.
The impact is profound, with heart failure and valvular heart disease affecting an estimated 64 million
and 75 million people, respectively, with prevalence increasing. Early diagnosis is a clinical priority,
yet barriers like cost and limited access to echocardiography (“ECG”) limit its widespread use. Recent
advances in AI-based ECG analysis have shown promise but lacked validation in diverse populations
across a broad spectrum of SHD.

Under the leadership of Dr. Pierre Elias, researchers at NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia and
Columbia University developed EchoNext, a deep learning model trained on more than 1.2 million
electrocardiogram-echocardiogram (ECG-echo) pairs collected from eight of NYPH’s hospitals and
affiliated clinics. In a blinded reader study involving 13 board-certified cardiologists, EchoNext
demonstrated improved diagnostic performance compared to clinical interpretation alone. These results
indicate that advanced diagnostic tools such as EchoNext can enhance physician decision-making by
providing additional, high-quality data to support clinical judgment. Importantly, the study does not
suggest a replacement of clinical expertise, but rather emphasizes the potential for technology to
augment the capabilities of medical professionals. Further supporting its clinical utility, a 100-patient
prospective trial found that 73% of patients identified as high-risk by EchoNext were newly diagnosed
with structural heart disease (SHD).

These results have been accepted for publication in Nature and support future clinical trials, including
a large-scale randomized controlled trial aimed at evaluating the impact of AI-based ECG screening
on SHD diagnosis.




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                  9
Investment in Heart Failure Treatment Through
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning
NYPH, with physicians from the Medical Schools, is collaborating with Cornell Tech and the Cornell
Ann S. Bowers College of Computing and Information Science (“Cornell Bowers CIS”). Cornell Tech is
a technology, business, law, and design campus of Cornell University located on Roosevelt Island in
Manhattan, New York City. This collaboration is designed to transform cardiovascular health and heart
disease prediction and prevention using AI and machine learning. NYPH is supporting Cornell Tech with
$15.0 million over a period of years through 2026 to fund an initiative that aims to improve heart failure
treatment, as well as predict and prevent heart failure.

Researchers from Cornell Tech and Cornell Bowers CIS are collaborating with physicians from the Medical
Schools to use AI and machine learning to examine multi-modal data and detect patterns to help predict who
will develop heart failure, inform care decisions, and tailor treatments for patients. The initiative brings
together the technical, clinical, and research expertise in cardiovascular medicine of NYPH and the Medical
Schools with Cornell Tech and Cornell Bowers CIS’s leadership in advanced machine learning and AI.


Cybersecurity
Like many other large organizations, NYPH relies on digital technologies to conduct its operations. In the
past several years, individuals and entities, often state-funded, have sought to gain unauthorized access
to digital systems of large organizations for the purpose of disrupting operations, exfiltrating data, interfering
in patient care, and other reasons. These attempts include highly sophisticated efforts to electronically
circumvent network security, as well as more traditional intelligence gathering and social engineering
aimed at obtaining information necessary to gain access. NYPH maintains sophisticated detection
capabilities centering on identity behavior, identity-to-account privilege management, and endpoint
detection and response. This is backed up by a highly trained and specialized Security Operations
Center and Security Operations Support Team.

While NYPH maintains a network security system designed to stop cyberattacks by third parties and
minimize their impact on operations, no assurances can be given that its network security systems will be
completely successful. NYPH’s Security Operations Center therefore invests an equal amount of time focusing
on both prevention and detection prior to a cyberattack and response, recovery and mitigation of damage
for the period following an attack, including system recovery planning and business continuity planning.




                                                  Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                        10
New Facilities in New Markets to Serve
More Patients
NEWYORK-PRESBYTERIAN OCH SPINE
The NYP Och Spine facility at the Spiral Building in Hudson Yards in New York, New York opened in
January 2025. The NewYork-Presbyterian Och Spine (“NYP Och Spine”) is a collaboration between
NYPH with ColumbiaDoctors and NYPH with Weill Cornell Medicine that includes many of the world’s
top spine specialists (including, orthopedic and neurosurgical spine surgeons, physical medicine
and rehab physicians, pain management physicians, and neurologists) who treat children and adults
with spine problems from the simple to the complex on an inpatient and outpatient basis. The
75,000-square-foot facility in the Spiral Building is a destination outpatient center for patients
seeking treatment at NYP Och Spine. It houses medical practice space, procedure rooms, imaging
services, and physical therapy services.

In August 2023, NYPH opened Och Spine at NYP/Weill Cornell. This 18-bed neuro-spine inpatient unit
has all private rooms, a dedicated rehabilitation therapy space, and video electroencephalogram (VEEG)
epilepsy monitoring capabilities. Och Spine at NYP/Weill Cornell is staffed with a multidisciplinary team
to create customized care plans designed to deliver the highest standard of care for neck and back pain.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   11
WESTCHESTER EXPANSION
NYPH’s expansion of services in Westchester County continues with the goal of providing residents easier
access to top doctors in a wide range of specialties. In July 2023, clinicians with NYP Och Spine began
providing patient care at NYP Westchester. Additionally, in September 2025, NYPH expects to open a
multispecialty ambulatory care facility at 1111 Westchester Avenue in White Plains. This facility is located
adjacent to I-287, close to the Hutchinson River Parkway and I-95 interchanges, providing convenient
access for patients throughout Westchester, Bronx, and Rockland Counties in New York, and Fairfield
County in Connecticut. The facility will have a Center of Excellence approach, delivering one-stop care
for neurosensory and cardiovascular patients, as well as comprehensive services for men’s, women’s and
children’s health. This ambulatory care facility has been collaboratively planned with ColumbiaDoctors
and will offer imaging services and additional hospital-based outpatient services including cardiac
catheterization, electrophysiology and radiation therapy. NYPH has also supported the creation of
The NewYork-Presbyterian Iona School of Health Sciences at Iona University’s Bronxville campus.

BROOKLYN EXPANSION
In November 2024, NYP Brooklyn Methodist opened a new obstetrics and gynecology practice and
imaging center in Park Slope, Brooklyn. This practice and imaging center is located within NYP Brooklyn
Methodist’s Center for Community Health, a 400,000 square-foot ambulatory center adjacent to its
inpatient facility. It offers prenatal testing and imaging, and gynecologic scans and breast imaging,
and has 21 exam rooms.

NYPH is expanding its ambulatory footprint with a new 16,500-square-foot, multispecialty site in Bay Ridge,
Brooklyn. Strategically situated near the 86th Street subway station, the Belt Parkway, and the Gowanus
Expressway, this location is accessible to patients throughout Brooklyn. This expansion is fueled by
a significant growth in the ambulatory market in recent years and demonstrates NYPH’s commitment
to meeting the evolving healthcare needs of the community. The new facility will also enable NYPH to
extend care and treatment to the patients in this community where nearly one in four local residents
currently seek inpatient care outside of the Borough of Brooklyn. The new site is scheduled to open in
early 2026 and has been collaboratively planned with Weill Cornell Medicine to support the needs of the
community, offering primary care, medical subspecialities, imaging, and ancillary testing services.




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     12
NEW ONCOLOGY AND MULTISPECIALTY BUILDING AT NYP/COLUMBIA
NYPH is investing over $1.0 billion to build a new state-of-the-art facility at NYP/Columbia, the first
major development on this campus since 2010. Located at the site of the former Harkness Eye Institute
and connected to NYP Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital, this new center, to be known as The Beacon,
will bring together the Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center, world-renowned pediatric cardiac
services, and multispecialty care in a single, patient-centered facility. This facility will total approximately
515,000 gross square feet and will include two inpatient pediatric intensive care units, two inpatient
operating rooms, twelve outpatient operating rooms, and four endoscopy suites. It will also include
radiation oncology, infusion, imaging, multispecialty clinics, and provide a new home for the Harkness
Eye Institute. The consolidation of services at The Beacon also enables NYPH to accelerate its shift to
private post-partum rooms and expand its neonatal intensive care unit capacity. The Beacon is a corner-
stone of NYPH’s vision to further NYP/Columbia as a leading destination for advanced care.




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                       13
COMMUNITY HEALTH AND BENEFITS
Sustainability
Understanding the strong relationship between health and the environment, NYPH aims to create a
healthier environment for patients, staff, and everyone in the communities it serves by adopting
sustainable practices. Through innovations in energy strategy, building design, procurement policies, and
clinical practice, NYPH seeks to embed sustainability into its operations.

•	NYPH continues to invest in energy efficiency infrastructure projects, which include steam trap
   replacements, control upgrades, heat recovery from exhaust air, energy audits, air handler replacements,
   pipe insulation improvements, and LED lighting upgrades. These efforts help to reduce energy
   consumption while improving overall building efficiency.

•	In addition to reducing energy intensity, NYPH is sourcing renewable electricity through power
   allocations from New York Power Authority’s “ReCharge NY” program. In 2024, more than 10% of
   hospital-campus electricity for NYPH and the Regional Hospitals was supplied from renewable sources.

•	A 600kW Solar PV Array located on the parking garage at NYPH’s 1111 Westchester Avenue location is
   now live. This is the first solar array installed at any NYPH facility. It is expected to generate more than
   5 million kilowatt hours of low-carbon electricity for this location.

•	NYPH also seeks to achieve Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (“LEED”) certification
   from the U.S. Green Building Council (“USGBC”) on new construction projects. To date, more than
   1.8 million square feet of space at NYPH locations has LEED designation.

•	In 2024, three NYPH campuses were recognized by the American Society for Health Care Engineering
   (“ASHE”) with “Energy to Care” awards for sustained reductions of energy consumption: NYP/Columbia,
   NYP Allen, and NYP Westchester Behavioral Health.

•	Working with The Afya Foundation, a supply rescue organization, NYPH and the Regional Hospitals
   have diverted to humanitarian efforts in the community and across the globe nearly 550,000 pounds
   of medical supplies and equipment they no longer need.




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                      14
Advancing the Health and Well-Being of
Communities Through Benefits, Programs,
and Partnerships
COMMUNITY BENEFITS
NYPH and the Regional Hospitals are dedicated to the health and well-being of the communities they
serve. For the year ending December 31, 2023, NYPH contributed $2.4 billion to community benefits
programs (as defined by the Internal Revenue Service), which includes financial assistance, Medicaid
shortfalls, subsidized health services, community health improvements, and health professions
education and research. The Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act led to higher Medicaid
shortfalls, significantly impacting hospitals like NYPH that provide extensive care to vulnerable
populations. NYPH believes that supporting these essential programs provides an important community
benefit. Consequently, NYPH and the Regional Hospitals allocated $1.1 billion for financial assistance
and Medicaid losses, $0.8 billion for health education and research, and $0.5 billion for community
health improvement services.




                4
                                                                                       $0.8B
                                                                                       Health Education
                                                                                       & Research

                                   $1.1B
                                   Financial Assistance
                                   & Medicaid Losses                                   $0.5B
                                                                                       Community Health
  TOTAL IMPACT                                                                         Improvement Services




As part of its effort to provide compassionate, high-quality healthcare to all, regardless of socio-economic
status or ability to pay, NYPH assesses individual patient needs comprehensively and offers financial
aid to eligible patients, irrespective of age, gender, race, national origin, socio-economic status, sexual
orientation, or religious affiliation. NYPH has an established Charity Care program which assists patients
facing financial hardship, offering financial assistance to those with household incomes ranging from
0% to 600% of the Federal Poverty Guidelines.

NYPH is committed to supporting the critical work of community-based organizations (“CBOs”) in
improving the health and wellbeing in the neighborhoods it serves. This includes capacity-building work
for local nonprofits that includes grants, as well as technical assistance to help nonprofits grow and
thrive, sessions on quantitative and qualitative evaluation, and local affinity group meetings reaching
more than 60 organizations. NYPH held its annual Capacity Building Conference on November 19, 2024,
which was attended by more than 100 CBOs.

In addition, NYPH supports CBOs with a range of funding opportunities to help them address social
determinants of health. Over the six months ended March 31, 2025, NYPH distributed $3.5 million in grant
funding to support a range of CBO-led activities, including activities related to employment, housing and
other quality of life issues. Grants provided $600,000 to support “Breaking Ground”, an initiative to




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   15
address homelessness around two NYPH campuses, $200,000 to support the New York City Employment
& Training Coalition to increase the number of employees NYPH hires from local communities, and over
$2.0 million to grantees who are addressing social determinants of health across NYPH’s service area.
An additional $700,000 will support grant awards in 2025 for new and returning grant recipients under
NYPH’s mini-grant program and its newly launched Summer Youth Enrichment Grants.

COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
NYPH’s Ambulatory Care Network provides clinical services at primary care and specialty practice sites,
school-based health centers and mental health programs, serving generations of families across New York
City representing a wide array of nationalities and ethnic and religious backgrounds, with a goal of making
it easier for everyone to access high quality, affordable, patient-friendly care in their own neighborhoods.

NYPH has extensive community health programming and a long history of working with community
organizations to address the root causes of disease and reduce health inequities. In January 2024, NYPH
became one of the first hospitals in the nation to be awarded a Health Care Equity Certification by
The Joint Commission for its work to address and improve health care equity across the healthcare
system. Caring for all New Yorkers is essential to NYPH’s mission and a key part of its strategy.




NYPH’s community-based youth programs continue to grow and receive external recognition. In 2024,
NYPH’s Uptown Hub, which provides a safe space as well as behavioral health services to hundreds of
youth between the ages of 18 and 24, was selected as the Honoree for the 2024 New York State Office of
Mental Health’s “What’s Great in Our State” Award.

NYPH recognizes there can be barriers in accessing care, particularly for vulnerable New Yorkers. In 2024,
to better reach people where they are, NYPH launched two advanced technology mobile medical units:
a Sexual Health Mobile Medical Unit (the “SH Mobile Unit”) and a Mom and Baby Mobile Medical Center.
The SH Mobile Unit offers comprehensive sexual health services for all, with a focus on addressing HIV
and sexual health disparities in Brooklyn, Queens, Harlem and Washington Heights. The Mom and Baby
Mobile Medical Center, launched in collaboration with the March of Dimes, provides free, high-quality
health care to women who are pregnant or of childbearing age. To promote health and disease prevention
outside of brick-and-mortar institutions, NYPH has also worked with community organizations to create
pop-up clinics that provide benefits of early detection and intervention. Through March 31, 2025, as part




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     16
of these initiatives, NYPH has collaborated with 17 community organizations across New York City and
provided services to over 460 patients.

To better support its patients, NYPH established a clinic for patients diagnosed with a substance use
disorder called TRANSiT (Therapeutic Resources and Assistance in Navigation to Services while in
Transition). This initiative was driven by the high volume of patients—over 2,600 individuals—who
accessed the emergency department and inpatient services with substance use concerns over an
18-month period. Recognizing the need for immediate, low-barrier access to care, the clinic provides
timely support and comprehensive treatment options to bridge the gap between emergency visits and
long-term recovery. From May 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025, this clinic had a total of 806 visits.

In September 2024, NYPH introduced its Health Advocacy campaign aimed at encouraging New Yorkers
to adopt simple, daily behavioral changes that promote overall health and well-being. The campaign
provides practical tips, such as engaging in regular exercise, maintaining a balanced diet, and prioritizing
sufficient sleep. These health suggestions are shared through a series of digital advertisements and
citywide displays with messaging designed to engage the community. To further promote heart health,
NYPH installed live speedometers at select bus stops in Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan, encouraging
pedestrians to increase their walking pace. These initiatives align with NYPH’s commitment to improving
public health outcomes.

The current campaign is set to run through the end of the year, with plans to introduce new health tips
and insights in the coming year.

Nutrition and physical activity remain a cornerstone of NYPH’s community and population health work.
Since March 2020, NYPH’s food insecurity program, Food FARMacy, has teamed up with more than twelve
community-based organizations to provide food to patients and families in need in local communities. From
January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2025, NYPH’s home delivery program has distributed over 2.0 million
pounds of healthy food valued at over $5.5 million to over 4,000 unique households, representing over
14,700 individuals. NYPH’s Youth Market program provides a paid internship for young people living in
neighborhoods heavily affected by food insecurity. One hundred and three interns have graduated since
the program launched in 2019. NYPH’s Health 4 Life program continues to serve pediatric patients who are




                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     17
overweight or obese through an interdisciplinary care model. The program is expanding to NYP Queens
in 2025. NYPH’s My Block program aims to increase access to safe places to play, move, and connect
across New York City and Westchester County. The program has collaborated with twelve community-
based organizations and reached 5,500 community members since launching in January 2024.

In September 2024, NYPH was awarded a Solutions to End Homelessness Program grant by the
New York State Office for Temporary and Disability Assistance to address housing insecurity faced by
NYPH patients. With this grant, which provides $300,000 per year over three years, NYPH is expanding
its collaboration with Breaking Ground, a community-based organization focused on creating high-quality
permanent and transitional housing for the homeless, moving beyond the Washington Heights area to
lower Manhattan. Together with Breaking Ground, navigators will be stationed in the NYP Lower Manhattan
emergency department to provide patients with comprehensive, personalized support and connect them
to long-term housing solutions and services that prioritize health and stability.


The Dalio Center for Health Justice
Now in its fourth year, the Dalio Center for Health Justice (the “Dalio Center”) was established with the
foundational support of a $50.0 million grant from Dalio Philanthropies, whose founder Ray Dalio is a
member of the NYPH Board of Trustees. The Dalio Center’s work is made possible by this original grant,
with additional support from Lisa & Mark Schwartz and the Samuel I. Newhouse Foundation.

The Dalio Center aims to understand and address the root causes of health inequities. Together with
NYPH and people and organizations in its surrounding communities, the Dalio Center invests in research
and education, advocates for policy change, and implements clinical and community strategies that
address health inequities.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   18
Human Capital
NYPH is dedicated to creating a healthier future for all and encourages its staff to provide the highest
quality, most compassionate care to the patients and communities it serves. In June 2024, NYPH
launched a “Values and Actions” campaign, which focuses on delivering excellence through respect,
integrity, empathy, teamwork, and innovation.

NYPH recognizes that employee wellbeing is paramount to the delivery of quality care to patients and
the community. As such, NYPH maintains a robust health and wellbeing program that focuses on various
domains of wellbeing, including emotional resilience, physical health, work-life harmony, financial stability,
career mobility and community stewardship. NYPH offers programing in all these areas, and its onsite
wellbeing coaches help employees navigate resources in order to achieve personal wellbeing goals.

NYPH offers the CopeNYP Employee Assistance Program (“CopeNYP”) to support NYPH employees and
their families. Staffed by licensed mental health professionals from Weill Cornell Medicine’s Department
of Psychiatry, CopeNYP can provide emotional support and practical strategies to enhance the client’s
resilience. CopeNYP can address a wide variety of concerns, such as managing personal and work
stressors (including burnout), reducing anxiety, alleviating depression, addressing relationship issues
and interpersonal conflicts (among couples, family or friends), coping with traumatic events and grief
and loss, as well as helping teens cope with their issues.

In recognition of NYPH’s commitment to support employee mental health and overall wellbeing, Mental
Health America awarded NYPH the 2024 Platinum Bell Seal for Workplace Mental Health, the highest
award level offered.

With a significant contribution from a member of the NYPH Board of Trustees, NYPH operates the
“NYP Cares for Employees Fund.” This fund helps to support employees who are facing unexpected
crises or significant hardships. The NYP Cares for Employees Fund includes two programs: an employee
hardship grant program and an employee food bank. The first of these, the NYP Employee Hardship
Grant program, provides grants of up to $5,000 to eligible employees facing unanticipated, significant
financial hardship due to a qualifying emergency, such as a natural disaster, residential fire, housing
instability, death of a household member, military deployment, or domestic abuse. The second, the




                                                Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                      19
NYP Employee Food Bank, provides eligible employees and their families experiencing food insecurity
with temporary food assistance delivered directly to their home. NYPH will provide one month of food
staples to bridge those in need as they transition to a longer-term solution.

In 2024, NYPH enhanced its financial support offerings by collaborating with GreenPath Financial
Wellness. GreenPath offers NYPH employees free financial counseling and can provide budgeting
support, credit report consultation, and debt management planning.


Culture: Delivering Excellence Through
Shared Values and Actions
NYPH and the Regional Hospitals seek to foster a culture of belonging, inclusion, and respect.
By highlighting the culture that enriches the NYPH and Regional Hospital community, NYPH and the
Regional Hospitals seek to deepen an understanding of the traditions, experiences, and perspectives of
others. Through the “Dialogues” speaker series, team members explore issues of inclusion and belonging.
Inclusion Groups offer a safe space for all employees to continue dialogue about inclusion and belonging
through a lens of intersectionality and togetherness. Inclusion Groups operate at every NYPH and
Regional Hospital campus and are open to all.

To support community members facing food insecurity, NYPH and Regional Hospital employees participate
in food drive efforts, working with local community-based organizations to donate food to those in need.
This includes collaborations with the NY Common Pantry, CHiPS Soup Kitchen and Shelter, Caring for
the Hungry and Homeless of Peekskill, Hope Community Services, the Loisaida Community Center, the
Mexican Coalition, Nido de Esperanza and the Thomas H. Slater Center,

NYPH strives to have a supplier base that reflects and supports the patient population and communities
it serves. Through the NewYork-Presbyterian Supplier program, NYPH seeks to engage small and
community-based businesses both locally and throughout the country.

NYPH’s efforts have led to its recognition as A Great Place to Work by Great Place to Work®, a global
company focused on workplace culture.




                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                  20
NYPH AND REGIONAL HOSPITALS
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS
     The Joint Commission
     NYPH, NYP Queens, and NYP Hudson Valley each hold The Joint Commission’s
     Gold Seal of Approval Hospital Accreditation and Behavioral Health Care &
     Human Services Accreditation.

     In January 2024, NYPH became one of the first hospitals in the nation to be awarded
     a Health Care Equity Certification by The Joint Commission for its work to address
     and improve health care equity across the healthcare system. To receive the
     certification, NYPH was required to produce comprehensive reports and data on its
     efforts to address health disparities. The rigorous review by The Joint Commission
     looked at over 40 program-specific standards, including patient experience, quality
     and safety measures, staff training, recruitment and retention, and community
     partnerships. NYP Queens and NYP Hudson Valley anticipate achieving The Joint
     Commission’s Health Equity certification in the near future.

     The following NYPH campuses, Regional Hospitals, and programs hold the following
     certifications from The Joint Commission:

     •	Ventricular Assistance Device (NYP/Columbia and NYP/Weill Cornell
        bi-campus certification)

     •	Comprehensive Stroke Center (NYP/Columbia and NYP/Weill Cornell
        bi-campus certification)

     •	Thrombectomy Capable Stroke (NYP Brooklyn Methodist and NYP Queens)

     •	Primary Stroke (NYP Allen, NYP Lower Manhattan, NYP Westchester,
        and NYP Hudson Valley)

     •	Orthopedics-Hip and Knee (NYP Queens)


     Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
     Services (CMS)
     In 2024, for the second year, CMS awarded NYPH a Five-Star rating, CMS’s highest
     rating, in its annual quality measurement program for hospitals. Ratings for 2025 have
     not yet been released. The rating was driven by improvements in key patient safety
     indicators, including mortality, patient experience scores, and hospital-acquired infection
     rates that were achieved by a focus on high-reliability and evidence-based practice.

     CMS Star Rating, which CMS developed in collaboration with key stakeholders to
     calculate overall hospital-level quality, provides consumers with an overall rating
     generated by combining multiple dimensions of quality into a single summary score.




                                Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                        21
U.S. News & World Report’s Best
Hospitals and Best Children’s Hospitals
Rankings 2024-2025
In July 2024, NYPH was again recognized as one of the best hospitals in the nation
and a top hospital in New York by U.S. News & World Report. This is the 21st year
in a row that NYPH has been named among the top hospitals in the nation. In the
2024-2025 Best Hospital’s Report, NYPH ranks in the top five nationwide in seven
specialties: cardiology, heart & vascular surgery (No. 5); neurology and neurosurgery
(No. 4); orthopedics (No. 4); psychiatry (No. 3); diabetes and endocrinology (No. 2);
urology (No. 2); and rheumatology (No. 3), a collaborative program with Hospital for
Special Surgery. NYPH ranked in the top 20 in 14 of 15 specialties, more than any
other hospital in New York.

NYPH is one of just 20 hospitals nationwide to be named to the 2024-2025 Best
Hospitals Honor Roll, a distinction recognizing hospitals that deliver the highest
quality of care across a range of specialties, procedures, and conditions.

For the 2024-2025 rankings and ratings, U.S. News evaluated nearly 5,000 hospitals
across 15 specialties and 20 procedures and conditions. Only 11% of hospitals
evaluated earned a Best Hospitals ranking, which is based on clinical outcomes,
level of nursing care, and patient experience, among other factors.

In October 2024, NYPH was recognized as the #1 children’s hospital in New York,
by U.S. News & World Report’s 2024-2025 “Best Children’s Hospitals” rankings.
This is the 18th year in a row that NYPH (encompassing pediatric care in every area
of medicine at two major sites: NYP Morgan Stanley and NYP Komansky Children’s
Hospital at NYP/Weill Cornell) has ranked among the best children’s hospitals in the
nation. NYPH was the only hospital in New York to rank among the top 50 hospitals
across all 11 pediatrics specialties evaluated. NYPH ranked in the top 20 in five
pediatric specialty areas: cardiology & heart surgery, diabetes & endocrinology,
gastroenterology & gastrointestinal surgery, neurology & neurosurgery, and
pulmonology. NYPH was also named one of the nation’s best in pediatric and
adolescent behavioral health, a new U.S. News ranking this year.

NYPH was also included on the Newsweek/Statista’s list of America’s Best
Hospitals 2024 as a Best Cardiac, Cancer, Neurological, Orthopedic and
Children’s Hospital.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   22
Quality & Safety
In September 2024, Vizient, one of the nation’s leading healthcare performance
improvement companies, recognized NYPH with two prestigious awards at its annual
healthcare summit. NYP/Weill Cornell was honored as a Vizient Top Performer
Rising Star, for significant improvement in care quality by an academic medical center.
This award is measured by a rise in at least 20 positions in the annual Vizient Quality
and Accountability Study from the prior year and scoring in the top 25. NYP Brooklyn
Methodist was honored with Vizient’s Top Performer-Bernard A. Birnbaum, MD,
Quality Leadership Award for scoring in the top ten within its Complex Care Medical
Center cohort. The Birnbaum award recognizes performance on the quality of
patient care in six domains: safety, mortality, effectiveness, efficiency, patient
centeredness, and equity. The study factors in data from the Hospital Consumer
Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey and the Center for Disease
Control’s National Healthcare Safety Network.

All other NYPH campuses scored in the top third of their respective categories,
making a significant year-over-year improvement.


Team Member Engagement
In March 2025, NYPH was recognized with a 2025 Gold Well Workplace Award and
listed as one of America’s Healthiest Companies by the Wellness Alliance, a leading
professional association dedicated to wellness in individuals and organizations
across the United States. Gold Well Workplace Awards honor organizations that
have built exceptional and comprehensive workplace wellness strategies grounded
in a number of key benchmarks, such as Committed and Aligned Leadership,
Collecting Meaningful Data, Cultivating Supportive Health Promoting Environments,
and Policies and Practices.

In January 2025, Forbes included NYPH on its list of America’s Best Employers
for 2025. The ranking is based on independent survey responses from over 217,000
U.S. employees working at companies with a national workforce of at least 1,000
people. The survey evaluates employees’ personal and public assessments on key
dimensions, including atmosphere & development, salary & wage, company image,
working conditions, and workplace environment.

In December 2024 Computerworld, a leading IT Industry publication and online
resource included NYPH on its list of the Best Places to Work in IT in 2025.
The publication surveyed large, midsize, and small organizations to find the top IT
employers. Criteria included salary and benefits as well as working on challenging
projects, growth opportunities, and continuous learning in a supportive workplace.

In November 2024, Forbes placed NYPH at #19 on its inaugural list of America’s
Dream Employers for 2025. Forbes partnered with market research firm Statista
to survey more than 10,000 college students in the United States and more than
140,000 U.S.-based employees at companies across all sectors that employ at
least 1,000 people in the country. The students were asked which employers they
considered to be dream employers and to rate how excited they would be to receive
an offer from the company.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     23
In October 2024, NYPH’s IT Department was recognized with a Webex Customer
Award and designation as a Bold Explorer in Healthcare, for NYPH’s success in
integrating Webex Connect with the EPIC Electronic Health Record as a means for
streamlining virtual rounding for clinical teams. The new workflow has improved
rounding times and electronic health record logging for documentation and billing.

In September 2024, Forbes named NYPH to its list of Best-in-State New York
Employers for 2024. The business media company partnered with market research
firm Statista to survey 160,000 people working in companies with at least 500
employees within the United States. In maintaining a workplace that supports
growth, NYPH continues to rank in the top 20 Best-in-State Employers in New York
for two years. Focusing on employee wellbeing and advancement opportunities,
NYPH provides career training, tuition reimbursement, leadership preparation, and
a variety of wellness programming for team members.

In August 2024, Aetna recognized NYPH with its highest-level Making a Difference,
Workplace Wellbeing Platinum Award, for maintaining and enhancing a quality
workplace environment by continually integrating effective programming, tools, and
resources tailored to each individual’s well-being. Highlights in 2024 include wellbeing
coaches available at all campuses, the CopeNYP Employee Assistance Program
staffed by licensed mental health professionals from Weill Cornell Medicine’s
Department of Psychiatry, providing short-term counseling sessions, free of charge,
and the NYP Cares for Employees Fund offering critical assistance to team members
facing unexpected crises and emergencies.

In July 2024, NYPH was recertified as a Great Place to Work for 2024 by Great Places
To Work, a global authority on workplace culture, employee experience and leadership
that conducts annual surveys based on rigorous methodology and validated employee
feedback. NYPH’s intensive focus on building and sustaining an organizational
culture rooted in respect, equity, inclusion, belonging, teamwork, employee wellness
and professional development has contributed to NYPH’s strong showings on
Great Places to Work Surveys since 2017. Results of the 2024 survey show that 81%
of employees at NYPH say it is a great place to work, up from 80% in 2023.

In July 2024, Forbes named NYPH on its list of Best Employers for Women.
Partnering with the market research firm Statista, Forbes surveyed approximately
150,000 women working at companies based in the US with at least 1,000 employees.
The survey asked participants to rate their current employers, considering factors
involving the work environment, pay equity, parental leave, and the company’s
handling of incidents related to misconduct and discrimination.

In May 2024, Forbes included NYPH on its list of Best Employers for New
Graduates, recognizing NYPH as an industry leader committed to nurturing and
supporting the development of young professionals. Forbes/Statista surveyed
more than 100,000 young professionals working for companies with at least 1,000
employees in the United States. Respondents were asked whether they would
recommend their employer to others, and to rate that organization in such areas as
compensation, benefits, advancement opportunities, working conditions, flexibility,
company image, and inclusion.




                           Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     24
In May 2024, the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption placed NYPH as number
8 on its list of the 100 Best Adoption-Friendly Workplaces in the United States.
Participants were scored based on three criteria: financial reimbursement, paid
leave, and the percentage of employees eligible for those benefits.

In May 2024, the National Academy of Medicine’s Change Maker Campaign for
Healthcare Workforce Wellbeing designated NYPH a Change Maker, i.e., an
organization that is driving collective action to turn the tide of health worker burnout,
rebuild a thriving health profession, and strengthen healthcare workforce wellbeing.
NYPH wellbeing offerings include easily accessible programs such as financial
education, mental health counseling, recognition programs, gratitude practices,
social support, emotional wellbeing, physical health, career guidance, and much more.

In April 2024, NYPH was awarded the Platinum Bell Seal for Workplace Mental
Health by Mental Health America—the highest award level offered. The Bell Seal is
a first-of-its-kind workplace mental health certification that recognizes employers
who strive to create mentally healthy workplaces for their employees. Factors
contributing to NYPH’s success this year include comprehensive employee wellbeing
offerings, commitment to a culture of equity, inclusion, and belonging, and improved
and streamlined access to employees seeking out mental health support through the
CopeNYP/CopeGME program.


Excellence in Nursing
The American Nurses Credentialing Center Magnet Recognition Program®, the
highest and most prestigious distinction that a healthcare organization can earn for
nursing excellence and innovation, has designated Magnet status on the following
NYPH and Regional Hospital campuses and programs (the year of initial designation
is indicated in parenthesis):

•	NYP Allen Hospital and NYP Ambulatory Care Network West (2021)

•	NYP Morgan Stanley (2021)

•	NYP Lower Manhattan (2020, submitted for redesignation in October 2024)

•	NYP/Weill Cornell (2019, redesignated in 2024)

•	NYP/Columbia (2019, redesignated in 2024)

•	NYP Westchester Behavioral Health and Weill Cornell Medical Center Psychiatry
   Program (2018, redesignated in 2024)

•	NYP Hudson Valley (2007, redesignated in 2021)

Applications for Magnet designation for NYP Westchester, NYP Brooklyn Methodist
and NYP Queens have been submitted. A Magnet site visit is scheduled on
May 28-30, 2025 for NYP Westchester and on June 25-27, 2025 for NYP Queens.
Document submission occurred in February 2025 for NYP Brooklyn Methodist.
Gracie Square Hospital, affiliated with NYPH, received initial designation in 2022.




                           Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                      25
Recruitment and Retention
In November 2024, NYPH received a 2024 Global Candidate Experience Award
as part of the ERE Media and the CandE Benchmark Research Program.
125 companies hiring worldwide registered to participate in the program, which
ultimately collected the thoughts and experiences of over 230,000 job candidates.
The largest study of its kind, ERE Media evaluated responses from over 2,000 global
employers and over 1.8 million job seekers in recognizing NYPH and other
organizations that offer a positive experience to job candidates.


Environmental Sustainability
NYPH recognizes the intrinsic relationship between the health of people and the
health of the environment. By adopting sustainable practices in the hospital and
community, NYPH aims to create a healthier environment for patients, staff, and the
communities it serves.

•	In June 2024, the American Society for Health Care Engineering (“ASHE”)
   recognized NYPH for its leadership in setting the standard for energy stewardship
   in health care. Energy saving initiatives at NYP/Columbia, NYP Allen, and NYP
   Westchester earned these facilities ASHE recognition as Sustained Performance
   Award winners.

•	NYPH also seeks to achieve Leadership in Energy and Environmental (“LEED”)
   certification from the U.S. Green Building Council (“USGBC”) on new construction
   projects. In 2023, NYP Brooklyn Methodist’s Center for Community Health
   received LEED Silver Certification® under USGBC’s Healthcare rating system.

•	Also in 2023, NYPH received the Vizient Environmentally Preferred Sourcing
   Excellence Award, which recognized NYPH for having the highest percentage of
   spend on environmentally preferred products across all Vizient members in the
   Comprehensive Academic Medical Center cohort.


Leaders Recognized for Contributions
to Health Care Across the Region
and Nation
•	In April 2025, Devika Mathrani, Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
   at NYPH was named a 2025 Forbes Entrepreneurial CMO 50. She and 49 other
   leaders from around the world were recognized for actions and impact that are
   helping transform their industries and the culture at large.

•	In March 2025, Becker’s Hospital Review recognized Steven J. Corwin, MD,
   President and Chief Executive Officer at NYPH on its list of Great Leaders in
   Healthcare 2025.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                  26
•	In February 2025, Becker’s Hospital Review listed Deepa Kumaraiah, MD, MBA,
   Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer, and Chief Operating Officer,
   Perioperative Services at NYPH, among the nation’s 180+ Chief Medical Officers
   to Know 2025.

•	In February 2025, Becker’s Hospital Review included Shaun E. Smith, Senior Vice
   President, Chief People and Culture Officer at NYPH, on its list of 99 Hospital and
   Health System CHROs and Chief People Officers to Know 2025.

•	In December 2024, Beckers’ Hospital Review named Brian G. Donley, MD,
   Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at NYPH, to its 118 COOs to
   Know 2024 feature.

•	In June 2024, Anand Joshi, MD, MBA, NYPH’s Senior Vice President of Procurement
   and Strategic Sourcing, was honored for demonstrating excellence in healthcare
   supply chain performance and leadership by the Bellwether League Foundation
   (“BLF”)—a national nonprofit organization dedicated to recognizing professionals
   for their contributions to the healthcare supply chain and in turn, healthcare
   delivery. He was inducted to the BLF’s Supply Chain Hall of Fame as a Dr. Dean
   S. Ammer Honoree, which recognizes executives and professionals in the middle
   of their careers and serves as the bridge between the “Future Famers” at or near
   the beginning of their careers and the “Bellwethers” who are honored for their
   entire career span.

•	In July 2024, Wilhelmina Manzano, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Nurse
   Executive at NYPH was honored by the Daisy Foundation and Health Impact
   with a prestigious Daisy Nurse Leader/Policy Award. Selected by a national panel
   of healthcare policy experts, the award honorees are nurses whose policy-oriented
   and advocacy work improves population health and advances compassionate care.

•	In June 2024, City & State Media recognized Juan Mejia’s leadership as President
   of NYP Brooklyn Methodist by listing him in its Brooklyn Power 100 feature.

•	In June 2024, Becker’s Hospital Review included Michael P. Breslin, NYPH’s Group
   Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer, among its national list
   of 160 CFOs to Know 2024, noting he is responsible for financial planning,
   reporting, budgeting and revenue cycle, as well as for overseeing the health
   system’s reimbursement strategy, cost accounting, insurance, financing, managed
   care and supply chain.

•	In April 2024, Anne Sperling, Vice President for Governmental Relations &
   Community Affairs, was recognized by City & State Media’s Who’s Who in
   Government Relations feature as a notable New Yorker advocating for change in
   city, state, and federal government. Late last year Ms. Sperling was also recognized
   by City & State for her contributions to social responsibility in New York.

•	In February 2024, Patrice S. Dupart, PharmD, MSHCM, BCPS, Vice President of
   Pharmacy and Apothecary-In-Chief was included in Becker’s Hospital Review’s
   75 Hospital and Health System Chief Pharmacy Officers to Know 2024.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                     27
Other Notable Recognitions
Many awards and recognitions earned by NYPH and the Regional Hospitals in
2024 and 2025 demonstrate a commitment to clinical excellence, quality patient
care, and safety.

NYP/Columbia, NYP/Weill Cornell, NYP Brooklyn Methodist, NYP Westchester and
NYP Queens received A ratings in the Leapfrog Hospital Safety survey for Fall 2024,
reflecting significant structural improvements around patient safety and healthcare
acquired infection scores.

In December 2024, NYPH’s Prevention and Education in Advanced Kidney Disease
(PEAK) program was named a top finalist for the Bernard J. Tyson National Award for
Excellence in Pursuit of Healthcare Equity. The Tyson award is an annual recognition
of health care organization initiatives that achieve measurable, sustained reductions
in health care disparities. The PEAK program is a collaborative effort of the Dalio
Center and the Rogosin Institute, an affiliate of NYPH, focused on addressing
disparities in end-stage kidney disease. It provides comprehensive support, including
education, medical expertise, and social support, to patients at NYP/Columbia and
NYP Allen.

In October 2024, The American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality
Improvement Program (“ACS NSQIP”) recognized NYP Brooklyn Methodist,
NYP/Weill Cornell, and NYP Queens as among 77 of 609 eligible hospitals participating
in the ACS NSQIP adult program that achieved meritorious outcomes for surgical
patient care. ACS NSQIP-Meritorious hospitals were commended for using data
effectively in achieving optimal patient outcomes.

In October 2024, the American Association for Respiratory Care named
NYP Brooklyn Methodist’s Respiratory Therapy Department a 2024 recipient of its
Apex Recognition Award. NYP Brooklyn Methodist is one of only 29 hospitals in
the nation to receive this recognition. The Apex Recognition Award is awarded to
hospitals demonstrating best advanced practices, the promotion of patient safety
professional development, evidence-based care, patient satisfaction, and quality
improvement. This was the sixth year in a row that NYP Brooklyn Methodist has
received this recognition.

In September 2024, NYP/Weill Cornell and Weill Cornell Medicine received
the Emergency Medicine Wellness Center of Excellence Award from the
American College of Emergency Physicians for commitment to the personal
wellness and resilience of its emergency medicine department staff.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                   28
The American Association of Critical Care Nurses (“AACCN”) Beacon Award recognizes
standards of excellence in patient care environments, and highlights caregivers in
units whose consistent and systematic approach to evidence-based care and unit
and hospital culture optimizes outcomes. In 2024, AACCN Beacon Award winners
include the following NYPH units:

  Beacon Award Gold
  – NYP/Columbia 5 Hudson North, valid through March 2026

  – NYP/Columbia 5GN Cardiothoracic Stepdown, valid through April 2027

  – NYP Morgan Stanley 11 Central PICU, valid through April 2027

  – NYP/Weill Cornell G3PACU, valid through July 2027

  Beacon Award Silver
  – NYP/Columbia Peri Anesthesia Care Unit (PACU), valid through November 2026

  – NYPH Interventional Radiology/Neuro Radiology, valid through August 2027

  – NYP Lower Manhattan 3C-ICU, valid through September 2027

  – NYP Morgan Stanley 9 Central PICU, valid through September 2027

  – NYP Westchester Cardiac Catheterization Lab, valid through April 2027

  – NYP Westchester 3 South ICU, valid through February 2027

  – NYP/Weill Cornell 4 South ICU, valid through October 2027

  Beacon Award Bronze
  – NYP/Columbia 8 Hudson South, valid through September 2027

  – NYP Neuroscience Intensive Care Unit, valid through November 2026

  – NYP/Weill Cornell Surgical/Trauma ICU—8 South, valid through October 2027

In February 2024, the American Heart Association and the Mitral Foundation
recognized NYP/Weill Cornell as a Mitral Valve Repair Reference Center for its
contribution to advancing best practices in the surgical treatment of mitral valve
disease, a common valvular problem that occurs when irregularities develop in the
heart valve between the left heart chambers. The Mitral Valve Repair Reference
Center Award was developed to identify, recognize, and promote the nation’s
recognized medical centers for mitral valve repair surgery. NYP/Weill Cornell earned
the award for demonstrating adherence to evidence-based treatment guidelines as
well as an ongoing commitment to reporting and measuring quality and outcome
metrics specific to mitral valve repairs.




                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                  29
Financial and Operating Information
Utilization
A summary of historical utilization data for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 for NYPH is presented
in the following table. The table is for NYPH only and excludes data regarding the Consolidated Entities.

                                              HISTORICAL UTILIZATION OF NYPH

                                                                                          Quarters Ended
                                                                                       3/31/2025             3/31/2024


                    Certified Beds (at end of period)                                        3,402                3,402
                                                               1
                    Staffed Beds (at end of period)                                          3,130                3,157
                    Discharges2                                                            35,161                36,086
                    Patient Days2                                                         253,634              248,599
                                                           1
                    Staffed Bed Days Available                                            281,700              287,287
                                                               3
                    Average Length of Stay (days)                                              6.67                 6.61
                    Case Mix Index – Medicare                                                  2.21                 2.21
                    Case Mix Index – Hospital wide4                                            1.80                 1.82
                                                    1, 5
                    Average Occupancy (%)                                                   90.0%                86.5%
                                                   6
                    Emergency Room Visits                                                 102,366                99,551
                    Outpatient Clinic Visits                                              195,196              179,635
                    Ambulatory Surgery Procedures                                          36,995                35,346
                    Mental Health Clinic Visits                                            30,591                28,864




Source: NYPH records

1. Staffed beds reported is based on the average of the number of staffed beds as of the last day of each month in the period. Staffed beds for
   the quarter ended March 31, 2024 are restated to align with internal statistics adopted beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2024.
2. Excludes newborns.
3. Excludes psychiatry, rehabilitation, normal newborn, uncoded and length of stay greater than 300 days.
4. Hospital wide CMI is calculated using the payor specific cost weight (All Payor Refined (APR) or Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related
   Groups (MSDRG)).
5. Occupancy percentages based on staffed bed days available.
6. Includes only patients seen in the emergency room and not admitted.




                                                               Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                            30
Sources of Patient Service Revenue
The majority of patient service revenue received by NYPH is derived from programs that are either insured or
administered by third-party entities. The following table reports the percentage of net patient service revenue by
payor source for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The data in the table is for NYPH only and
excludes data regarding the Consolidated Entities.


                         Percent of NYPH’s Net Patient Service Revenue by Payor Source



                                                                                Quarters Ended
                                                                             3/31/2025     3/31/2024

                       Payor
                                  1
                       Medicare                                                   25.1%       24.6%
                                 1
                       Medicaid                                                   15.1%       14.9%
                       Commercial carriers and health
                        maintenance organizations                                 58.5%       59.5%
                       Self pay & other                                            1.3%        1.0%
                       Total                                                      100%        100%



Source: NYPH records

1. Medicare includes Medicare Advantage and Medicaid includes Medicaid Managed Care.


All revenue, statistics and reimbursement information in this Disclosure Report represent historical data and may
not be indicative of future activity. NYPH cannot assess or predict the ultimate effect on its operations which may
result from existing or future reimbursement legislation or regulations or other changes in law or market conditions.

NYPH has established estimates, based on information presently available, of amounts due to or from Medicare
and non-Medicare payors for adjustments to current and prior years’ payment rates, based on industry-wide and
NYPH-specific data. The current Medicaid, Medicare and other third-party payor programs are based upon
extremely complex laws and regulations that are subject to interpretation. As a result, there is at least a reasonable
possibility that recorded estimates will change by a material amount when open years are settled, audits are
completed, and additional information is obtained. Additionally, non-compliance with such laws and regulations
could result in fines, penalties and exclusion from such programs. NYPH is not aware of any allegations of non-
compliance that could have a material adverse effect on its financial statements and believes that it is in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations.




                                                      Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                              31
Summary Statements of Operations and Financial Position

Summary statements of operations and financial position for NYPH are set forth herein. These summary
statements reflect financial results for NYPH only. The unaudited information in the summary statements of
operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 and the summary statements of
financial position at March 31, 2025 are derived from the Hospital’s1 unaudited consolidated financial statements
and supplementary information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 (the “Three Months Ended
March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements”). The summary statements of financial position at December 31,
2024 are derived from the Hospital’s audited consolidated financial statements and supplementary information as
of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (the “2024 Audited Financial Statements”). The 2024
Audited Financial Statements and the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements
include the results of the Consolidated Entities. These consolidated financial statements also contain
supplementary information setting forth consolidating statements of financial position and operations that present
separately the financial results of NYPH and the Consolidated Entities. The Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
Unaudited Financial Statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which the Hospital
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and the results of operations for these periods.
Certain amounts included in the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements are
recorded based on annual estimates, are only updated annually, or are projected for interim financial reporting
purposes; however, such amounts and estimates are subject to change and are reevaluated by the Hospital
monthly and on an annual basis. The results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year ending December 31, 2025.



The financial results of NYPH and the Consolidated Entities, including, without limitation, NYP Community
Programs, NYP Hudson Valley and NYP Queens, are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the
Hospital. However, the financial results and utilization data of the Consolidated Entities are not reflected in
the information presented in this Disclosure Report. None of the Consolidated Entities is a Member of the
Obligated Group. None of the Consolidated Entities has any financial or other obligation under the Master
Trust Indenture or any Bond Indenture to which NYPH is a party. None of the assets or revenue of the
Consolidated Entities, NYP Community Programs, NYP Hudson Valley or NYP Queens is legally committed
to the repayment of any of the debt of NYPH.




1
    As discussed on page 1, the term “the Hospital” is used in this Disclosure Report to refer to NYPH and its Consolidated Entities collectively.
    The term “NYPH” is used to refer to The New York and Presbyterian Hospital as a legal entity separate from the Consolidated Entities.




                                                              Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                      32
                                 SUMMARY STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS OF NYPH

                                                        ($ in thousands)


                                                                                                 Unaudited
                                                                                              Quarters Ended
                                                                                          03/31/25       03/31/24

            Operating Revenues
            Net patient service revenue                                               $ 2,514,806         $ 2,477,575
            Other revenue1                                                                197,898             142,961
            Total operating revenues                                                    2,712,704           2,620,536

            Operating Expenses
            Salaries and wages                                                            1,222,901           1,166,729
            Employee benefits                                                               324,462             300,522
            Supplies and other expenses                                                     900,359             877,962
            Interest expense, net of amortization                                            34,475              34,727
            Depreciation and amortization                                                   133,626             128,114
            Total operating expenses                                                      2,615,823           2,508,054

            Operating income                                                                 96,881            112,482

            Investment return – net                                                          14,094            274,025
            Expected return on plan assets and other components
              of net periodic pension and postretirement cost                               15,450              13,629
            Excess of revenues over expenses                                               126,425             400,136

            Other changes in net assets without donor restrictions:
              Net asset transfers to related parties                                         (3,712)                   –
              Other changes in net assets                                                        (3)                  (1)
              Distributions from New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc.
                 for the purchase of fixed assets                                            25,146               4,222
              Change in pension and postretirement benefit liabilities
                 to be recognized in future periods                                         (27,531)            15,563
            Change in net assets without donor restrictions                           $    120,325        $    419,920




Source: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements. Amounts in the table are for NYPH only and exclude amounts
        for the Consolidated Entities.

    1.   For the three months ended March 31, 2025, other revenue included $30.0 million recognized related to a grant from the Federal
         Emergency Management Agency (“FEMA”) that was approved for reimbursement in January 2025 in a total amount of $510.3
         million and pending final review procedures by the State of New York Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services; the
         payment to the Hospital was not been received through March 31, 2025; approximately $295.0 million in relation to this grant was
         received in May 2025. There were no FEMA receipts included in other revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024.




                                                         Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                    33
                           SUMMARY STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF NYPH
                                          ($ in thousands)


                                                                                         Unaudited           Audited
                                                                                         March 31,         December 31,
                                                                                           2025                2024
           Assets
           Current assets:
             Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
                Cash and cash equivalents                                            $       502,916       $       597,328
                Short-term investments                                                     2,645,392             2,624,175
           Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                         3,148,308             3,221,503

             Patient accounts receivable – net                                             1,481,430             1,531,274
             Other current assets                                                            569,419               502,557
             Assets limited as to use – current portion                                       54,831                53,548
             Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable
                and related deposits – current portion                                        86,442                86,442
             Beneficial interest in net assets held by related
                organizations – current portion                                               73,141                79,023
             Due from related organizations – net                                            507,472               498,938
             Loans receivable from Regional Hospitals – current portion                        9,327                 9,230
           Total current assets                                                            5,930,370             5,982,515



           Assets limited as to use – noncurrent                                           6,993,846             6,966,547
           Property, buildings and equipment – net                                         4,747,393             4,656,239
           Operating lease assets                                                            389,966               400,399
           Other noncurrent assets – net                                                     178,491               220,425
           Loans receivable from Regional Hospitals – net of current portion                 180,498               182,866
           Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable
              and related deposits – noncurrent                                              347,470               347,470
           Beneficial interest in net assets held by related
                organizations – noncurrent                                                 3,051,437             3,062,838

           Total assets                                                              $    21,819,471       $    21,819,299




Source: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements and 2024 Audited Financial Statements. Amounts in the table
        are for NYPH only and exclude amounts for the Consolidated Entities.




                                                       Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                               34
                    SUMMARY STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF NYPH (continued)
                                        ($ in thousands)



                                                                                  Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                  March 31,            December 31,
                                                                                    2025                   2024
           Liabilities and net assets
           Current liabilities:
             Long-term debt – current portion                                 $        74,959      $           75,608
             Operating lease liability – current portion                               42,596                  44,490
             Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                    823,379                 809,182
             Accrued salaries and related liabilities                                 678,545                 679,736
             Postretirement benefit liability – current portion                         3,623                   3,623
             Professional and other insurance liabilities – current portion           104,705                 103,651
             Other current liabilities                                                529,645                 435,787
           Total current liabilities                                                2,257,452               2,152,077



           Long-term debt                                                           3,749,633               3,756,691
           Operating lease liability                                                  370,682                 379,473
           Professional and other insurance liabilities                               851,729                 854,094
           Postretirement benefit liability                                            26,630                  26,148
           Other noncurrent liabilities                                               462,585                 653,098
           Total liabilities                                                        7,718,711               7,821,581



           Net assets:
            Net assets without donor restrictions                                  10,962,506              10,842,181
            Net assets with donor restrictions                                      3,138,254               3,155,537
           Total net assets                                                        14,100,760              13,997,718

           Total liabilities and net assets                                   $    21,819,471      $       21,819,299




Source: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements and 2024 Audited Financial Statements. Amounts in the table
        are for NYPH only and exclude amounts for the Consolidated Entities.




                                                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                            35
Operating Margin
The following table sets forth the total operating margin of NYPH based on total operating revenue and operating
income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024. Amounts in the table
are for NYPH only and exclude amounts for the Consolidated Entities.


                                               OPERATING MARGIN OF NYPH
                                                    ($ in thousands)


                                                                             As of                      As of
                                                                         March 31, 2025            December 31, 2024

          Total operating revenue                                           $2,712,704                  $10,640,842

          Operating income                                                   $96,881                      $445,282

          Total operating margin                                               3.6%                         4.2%




Source: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Unaudited Financial Statements and 2024 Audited Financial Statements


Liquidity
The following table sets forth NYPH’s days cash on hand based on unrestricted cash and investments and average
daily operating expenses as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Amounts in the table are for NYPH only
and exclude amounts for the Consolidated Entities.


                                              DAYS CASH ON HAND OF NYPH
                                                    ($ in thousands)

                                                                           As of                      As of
                                                                       March 31, 2025            December 31, 2024

          Unrestricted cash and investments 1                            $9,725,157                   $9,808,013

          Average daily operating expenses 2                               $27,580                     $26,463

          Days cash on hand3                                                352.6                        370.6




Source: NYPH records

1. Amounts include all cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, funded depreciation investments, and investments made with
   proceeds of the Series 2015 Bonds, Series 2016 Bonds, Series 2019 Bonds and Series 2020 Bonds (each, as defined below under
   “Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness – The MTI Indebtedness”), but exclude any donor restricted funds and other third-party restricted
   funds.
2. Total operating expenses for the period less depreciation and amortization divided by 90 and 366 for the three months ended March 31,
   2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, respectively.
3. Unrestricted cash and investments divided by average daily operating expenses.




                                                         Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                 36
Long-Term Debt Service Coverage
The following table sets forth the debt service coverage for NYPH for the three months ended March
31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024 based on (i) historical maximum annual debt service,
and (ii) actual annual debt service. The amounts in the table are for NYPH only and exclude amounts
for the Consolidated Entities.

                                     LONG-TERM DEBT SERVICE COVERAGE OF NYPH
                                                  ($ in thousands)

                                                                                                    Three Months Ended        Year Ended
                                                                                                          March 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                2024
     Income available for debt service 1:
     Change in net assets without donor restrictions                                                           $120,325         $1,576,548
     Depreciation and amortization                                                                              133,626             510,080
     Interest expense, net of amortization                                                                       34,475             139,338
     Distribution from New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc. for the purchase of fixed assets                        (25,146)            (60,378)
     Actuarial loss from pension termination settlements or curtailments                                               –                454
     Change in unrealized gains and losses on investment and change in interest in HERS                         (10,331)          (896,908)
     Equity in earnings on alternative investments and investment return of captive
        insurance companies                                                                                          514            (23,310)
     Change in pension and post-retirement benefit liabilities to be recognized in future periods                27,531             (72,157)
     Total                                                                                                     $280,994         $1,173,667

                        2
     Annualized Total                                                                                        $1,123,976


     Historical maximum annual debt service 3                                                                  $254,554           $254,554

     Long-Term Debt Service Coverage (MADS)                                                                        4.42x              4.61x

     Actual annual debt service 4                                                                              $219,058           $209,854

     Long-Term Debt Service Coverage (Actual)                                                                      5.13x              5.59x




Source: NYPH records and 2024 Audited Financial Statements.

1. Income available for debt service is determined in accordance with the Master Trust Indenture. Line items not relevant to these periods are
   omitted.
2. Results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are annualized.
3. Maximum annual debt service assumes level debt service on the Series 2015, Series 2016, Series 2019 and Series 2020 Bonds to their
   respective maturity dates. In fact, the Series 2015 Bonds require no payment of principal until their maturity in 2045 and the Series 2016
   Bonds require no payment of principal until the maturity of their first tranche in 2036. The Series 2019 Bonds require no payment of principal
   until their maturity in 2119. The Series 2020 Bonds require no payment of principal until the maturity of their first tranche in 2030. All other
   long-term indebtedness has a maturity of less than 30 years and the scheduled amortization on such indebtedness is used for determining
   maximum annual debt service.
4. Actual annual debt service for the calculation of Long-Term Debt Service Coverage for the three months ended March 31, 2025 takes into
   account all regularly scheduled payments on long-term indebtedness for the year ending December 31, 2025. For the year ended December
   31, 2024, actual annual debt service takes into account all regularly scheduled payments on long-term indebtedness for the period.




                                                             Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                        37
Capitalization
The following table sets forth the historical capitalization of NYPH as of March 31, 2025 and as of December 31,
2024. The table is for NYPH only and excludes debt and assets of the Consolidated Entities.

                                                   CAPITALIZATION OF NYPH
                                                       ($ in thousands)

                                                                                     Actual                 Actual
                                                                                    March 31,            December 31,
                                                                                      2025                   2024
          Long-term debt:
            Bonds                                                                      $3,142,900                $3,142,900
                                        1
            Other long-term debt                                                           685,023                   692,259
                                    2
          Total long-term debt                                                          3,827,923                 3,835,159
                                                              1,2
            Less: Current portion of long-term debt                                        (73,074)                 (73,723)
                                                          1
            Long-term debt net of current portion                                       3,754,849                 3,761,436
          Net assets without donor restrictions                                        10,962,506                10,842,181
          Total capitalization                                                       $14,717,355               $14,603,617
          Long-term debt to total capitalization                                             25.5%                     25.8%




Source: NYPH records

1. Includes the Promissory Note and Private Placement Note (each, as defined in “Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness – Other
   Indebtedness”), term loan payable, and finance leases, and excludes unamortized deferred financing costs and bond premium which are
   reported net in current and long-term debt.
2. The total long-term debt excludes deferred financing costs of $35.6 million and $36.0 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
   respectively. The total long-term debt excludes bond premium of $32.2 million and $33.1 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31,
   2024, respectively. The current portion of long-term debt excludes deferred financing costs of approximately $1.6 million as of March 31,
   2025 and December 31, 2024, and bond premium of approximately $3.5 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.




                                                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                    38
Cash to Debt
The following table sets forth NYPH’s unrestricted cash and investments to long-term debt as of March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024. The table is for NYPH only and excludes debt and unrestricted cash and investments of
the Consolidated Entities.


                                                     CASH TO DEBT OF NYPH
                                                        ($ in thousands)

                                                                                            Actual               Actual
                                                                                           March 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024


           Unrestricted cash and investments1                                                 $9,725,157           $9,808,013
           Long-term debt:
            Bonds                                                                             $3,142,900           $3,142,900
            Other long-term debt2                                                                 685,023              692,259
                                    3
           Total long-term debt                                                                3,827,923             3,835,159
            Less: Current portion of long-term debt2,3                                           (73,074)              (73,723)
           Net long-term debt                                                                 $3,754,849           $3,761,436
           Unrestricted cash and investments to long-term debt                                    259.0%                260.8%



Source: NYPH records

1. Amounts as of include all cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, funded depreciation investments, and investments made
   with proceeds of the Series 2015 Bonds, Series 2016 Bonds, Series 2019 Bonds and Series 2020 Bonds (each, as defined below under
   “Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness – The MTI Indebtedness”), but exclude any donor restricted funds and other third-party restricted
   funds.
2. Includes the Promissory Note and Private Placement Note (each, as defined in “Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness – Other
   Indebtedness”), term loan payable, and finance leases, and excludes unamortized deferred financing costs which are reported net in current
   and long-term debt.
3. The total long-term debt excludes deferred financing costs of $35.6 million and $36.0 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
   respectively. The total long-term debt excludes bond premium of $32.2 million and $33.1 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31,
   2024, respectively. The current portion of long-term debt excludes deferred financing costs of approximately $1.6 million as of March 31,
   2025 and December 31, 2024 and bond premium of approximately $3.5 million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.




                                                           Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                     39
Management Discussion and Analysis
Utilization
Three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to three months ended March 31, 2024

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, NYPH’s inpatient discharges decreased 925 cases or 2.6% compared
to the same period in 2024; outpatient clinic visits increased 15,561 or 8.7% compared to the same period in 2024;
emergency room visits increased 2,815 or 2.8% compared to the same period in 2024; ambulatory surgery
procedures increased 1,649 or 4.7% compared to the same period in 2024; and mental health clinic visits increased
1,727 or 6.0% compared to the same period in 2024 as result of several strategic initiatives aimed at expanding
access to care. The decrease in inpatient utilization during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was a result
of the continuing shift in the healthcare industry from inpatient care to outpatient care, along with some physician
departures. The increases in outpatient utilization during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was the result
of the continuing recovery in New York City from the pandemic and continuing efforts to improve access to care.
Additionally, normal planned strategic growth activities including expanding services have contributed to increasing
volumes.

Recent Financial Performance
Three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to three months ended March 31, 2024

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, NYPH had an operating income of $96.9 million, a $15.6 million
decrease from the $112.5 million operating income for the same period in 2024. This decrease in operating results
was primarily due to the decrease in inpatient volume and acuity, partially offset by increases in outpatient utilization
as noted above. This decrease to operating income was partially offset by recognizing $30.0 million of grant
revenue from the FEMA Disaster Relief Fund during the three months ended March 31, 2025; there was no revenue
recognized from the FEMA Disaster Relief Fund grants during the three months ended March 31, 2024.

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, NYPH had an excess of revenues over expenses of $126.4 million,
as compared to an excess of revenues over expenses of $400.1 million for the same period in 2024. The $273.7
million or 68.4% decrease in excess of revenues over expenses was primarily due to a decrease in investment
return of $259.9 million and the decrease in operating income of $15.6 million for the three months ended March
31, 2025, as described above, compared to the same period in 2024. These decreases were partially offset by an
increase in non-operating pension items of $1.8 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with
the same period in 2024.

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net patient service revenue increased $37.2 million or 1.5% compared
to the same period in 2024. This increase was primarily driven by increases in outpatient volumes across all patient
services, and increases in payment rates, partially offset by decreases in inpatient volume and acuity, as noted
above.

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, other revenue increased $54.9 million or 38.4% compared to the
same period in 2024, as a result of recognizing $30.0 million of grant revenue from the FEMA Disaster Relief Fund;
there was no revenue recognized from FEMA grants during the comparable period in 2024. Additionally, there
were increases in specialty pharmacy revenue of $23.6 million, distributions from the radiology joint venture of
$2.5 million and vendor rebates of $2.0 million. These increases were partially offset by decreases in distributions
from real estate operations of $2.5 million and net assets released from restrictions of $0.7 million in the three
months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024.

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, total operating expenses increased $107.8 million or 4.3% compared
with the same period in 2024. Salaries and wages, together with employee benefits, increased $80.1 million or
5.5% over the same period in 2024. This increase, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, was
primarily a result of having 812 more full-time equivalent employees, and general wage and benefits increases
consistent with the labor market. These increases were partially offset by reduced utilization of temporary and
agency help and reduced hourly rates for agency nurses, resulting in a $2.1 million or 8.0% decrease in temporary
and agency costs.




                                                  Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                         40
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, supplies and other expenses increased $22.4 million or 2.6% over
the same period in the previous year. This increase was primarily due to an increase in costs associated with
providing services to treat patients, partially offset by recording lower costs to reflect estimates for professional
liabilities and related exposures as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. Depreciation and
amortization expense increased $5.5 million or 4.3% as the result of projecting an increase in completing more
capital projects during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.

For the three months ended March 31, 2025, NYPH’s change in net assets without donor restrictions totaled $120.3
million compared to $419.9 million in the same period in 2024, a decrease of $299.6 million. This was primarily
due to a decrease in investment return of $259.9 million, a decrease to the change in the pension and
postretirement benefits liabilities of $43.1 million, decreases in operating income of $15.6 million and an increase
of net asset transfers to related parties of $3.7 million in 2025, compared to the same period in 2024. These
decreases to net assets without donor restrictions were partially offset by higher distributions from Fund, Inc. for
the purchase of fixed assets, which increased by $20.9 million, and an increase in non-operating pension items of
$1.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.

Settlement of Litigation related to Robert Hadden
Supplementing Note 12 to the 2024 Audited Financial Statements and Note 6 to the Three Months Ended March
31, 2025 Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, in early May 2025, a final settlement was announced for
litigation against Columbia University and NYPH by patients alleging sexual abuse by Robert Hadden, a physician
formerly employed by Columbia University’s medical school, Columbia VP&S. Payments to be made by NYPH in
relation to this and earlier settlements of Hadden claims are within the range it estimated and recorded previously
on this matter. While NYPH is named as a defendant in this litigation and in other suits and claims involving a
former faculty member employed by one of the Medical Schools, NYPH does not necessarily have responsibility
or liability for the acts of a physician employed by one of the Medical Schools.




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                      41
Outstanding Long-Term Indebtedness
Debt Structure

NYPH’s long-term indebtedness outstanding as of the date of this Disclosure Report can be categorized into two
groups: (1) the Master Trust Indenture (MTI) Indebtedness, and (2) Other Indebtedness.

The following table sets forth the long-term indebtedness of NYPH as of March 31, 2025 and December 31,
2024. The table is for NYPH only and excludes the long-term indebtedness of the Consolidated Entities.


                                     OUTSTANDING LONG-TERM INDEBTEDNESS OF NYPH
                                                ($ in thousands)

                                                                                                    Outstanding at
                                                                                                March 31,    December 31,
          Indebtedness                                                      Maturity Date         2025            2024


          MTI
          Series 2015 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2045               750,000           750,000
          Series 2016 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2036               250,000           250,000
          Series 2016 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2056               350,000           350,000
          Series 2016 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2116               250,000           250,000
          Series 2019 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2119               500,000           500,000
          Series 2020 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2030               150,000           150,000
          Series 2020 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2040               300,000           300,000
          Series 2020 Bonds (fixed rate, taxable)                               2060               300,000           300,000
          Series 2023 Bonds (fixed rate, tax exempt)                            2038               292,900           292,900


          Other
          Promissory Note - 466 Lexington Avenue                                2048               281,945           282,215
          Private Placement Note                                                2047               184,000           184,000
          Term loan payable - NYP Westchester                                   2025                 1,503             2,153
          Finance leases                                                       Various             217,575           223,891
          Total                                                                             $    3,827,923    $   3,835,159


          Add: Unamortized bond premium                                                             32,248            33,127

          Less: Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization                           35,579            35,987

          Total                                                                             $    3,824,592    $   3,832,299



Source: NYPH records




                                                         Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                           42
The MTI Indebtedness

Indebtedness evidenced by an Obligation issued under the Master Trust Indenture constitutes a joint and several
obligation of the Members of the Obligated Group (as defined in the Master Trust Indenture), including any entity
that may in the future become a Member of the Obligated Group, subject to the right of a Member to withdraw from
the Obligated Group upon meeting certain conditions set forth in the Master Trust Indenture. Currently, NYPH is
the only Member of the Obligated Group, and has agreed not to withdraw from the Obligated Group while the
NYPH Taxable Bonds, Series 2015, Series 2016, Series 2019, Series 2020 (respectively, the “Series 2015 Bonds”,
the “Series 2016 Bonds”, the “Series 2019 Bonds”, and the “Series 2020 Bonds”) or The New York and
Presbyterian Hospital Obligated Group Revenue Bonds, Series 2023A (the “Series 2023 Bonds”) are outstanding.
There are currently five Obligations issued under the Master Trust Indenture: (i) Obligation No. 1, which was issued
to the bond trustee for the Series 2015 Bonds, (ii) Obligation No. 2, which was issued to the bond trustee for the
Series 2016 Bonds, (iii) Obligation No. 3, which was issued to the bond trustee for the Series 2019 Bonds, (iv)
Obligation No. 4, which was issued to the bond trustee for Series 2020 Bonds, and (v) Obligation No. 5 which was
issued to the bond trustee for the Series 2023 Bonds.

The table below sets forth each of the Obligations currently outstanding, the Series of Bonds to which such
Obligation relates, and its principal amount and maturity date.

                                                       MTI INDEBTEDNESS
                                                         ($ in thousands)

        Obligation                             Debt Evidenced                  Principal Amount                     Maturity
        No. 1                               Series 2015 Bonds                      $   750,000                   August 1, 2045
        No. 2                               Series 2016 Bonds                          850,000                   August 1, 21161
        No. 3                               Series 2019 Bonds                          500,000                   August 1, 2119
        No. 4                               Series 2020 Bonds                          750,000                   August 1, 20602
        No. 5                               Series 2023 Bonds                          292,900                   August 1, 20383
        Total                                                                      $ 3,142,900



Source: NYPH records

1. While Obligation No. 2 matures in 2116, principal payments are due in the following amounts on August 1 of the years indicated: $250.0
   million in 2036, $350.0 million in 2056 and $250.0 million in 2116.
2. While Obligation No. 4 matures in 2060, principal payments are due in the following amounts on August 1 of the years indicated: $150.0
   million in 2030, $300.0 million in 2040, and $300.0 million in 2060.
3. While Obligation No. 5 matures in 2038, principal payments are due annually beginning August 1, 2029 in amounts that match the principal
   amounts due on the Series 2023 Bonds on such dates.




                                                          Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                                   43
Other Indebtedness

On March 10, 2022, NYPH entered into a private placement Note Purchase Agreement which authorized the
issuance and sale of $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes (collectively, the “Private
Placement Note”). The closing of the sale and the purchase of the Private Placement Note was completed in
May 2022 and the maturity date of the Private Placement Note is May 2047. The Private Placement Note is an
unsecured general obligation of NYPH. The Private Placement Note is outstanding in the aggregate principal
amount of $184.0 million as of March 31, 2025. The Note Purchase Agreement grants NYPH the right to elect
at any time to issue Obligations under the Master Trust Indenture to evidence its payment obligations under the
Private Placement Note, subject to certain conditions.

NYPH has various finance leases totaling $217.6 million as of March 31, 2025, which are secured by the financed
equipment.

NYPH has three unsecured lines of credit: (i) a $350.0 million line of credit agreement with a commercial bank
available through November 30, 2027; (ii) a $300.0 million line of credit with a second commercial bank available
through November 30, 2027; and (iii) a $300.0 million line of credit with a third commercial bank available through
December 21, 2027. As of the date of this Disclosure Report, there is no outstanding balance on these three
credit facilities, which provide a total of $950.0 million in availability. There were no draws on the lines of credit
during 2024 or 2025 to the date of this Disclosure Report.

In June 2017, NYPH entered into a transaction pursuant to which NYPH purchased a 30-year leasehold
condominium interest (with an option to extend) in approximately 480,000 square feet of space located at 466
Lexington Avenue, New York (the “Leasehold Condominium”) to consolidate corporate services of the Hospital.
To finance the acquisition of the Leasehold Condominium, NYPH issued to the seller a promissory note in the
principal amount of $249.9 million (the “Promissory Note”) which bears interest at a rate of 7% per annum.
Interest payments for the period from July 2017 through December 2018 were deferred. The debt service terms
require principal and interest payments in escalating amounts over the life of the note, ranging from $1.5 million
to $2.5 million commencing January 2019 through December 2048. Unpaid interest incurred through December
31, 2023 accrued to the outstanding principal balance on the Promissory Note. As of March 31, 2025, the
outstanding balance due includes the principal amount of the Promissory Note and accrued interest, totaling
$281.9 million. The Promissory Note is secured by a mortgage granted by NYPH in its interest in the Leasehold
Condominium. In connection with this transaction, the seller/landlord provided NYPH with a tenant allowance for
leasehold improvements of approximately $75.6 million. As of March 31, 2025, the unamortized balance
remaining is $57.0 million, which was recorded in the Hospital’s consolidated statement of financial position.

On April 1, 2018, in connection with the merger of Lawrence Hospital into NYPH, NYPH assumed a term loan
made by a commercial bank. This loan is an unsecured general obligation of NYPH which matures on October
1, 2025. The outstanding principal amount at March 31, 2025 was $1.5 million.

NYPH has a reimbursement agreement in place to support three letters of credit in an aggregate amount of
$56.9 million. The letters of credit were issued on behalf of NYPH in connection with its workers’ compensation
program. As of the date of this Disclosure Report, no draws have been made under the letters of credit.




                                                  Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                            44
Investments
The following is a summary table of NYPH’s cash and investment assets as of March 31, 2025, which includes
NYPH’s beneficial interest in net assets held by related organizations (NYPH’s interest in assets held by Fund,
Inc.) and assets attributable to NYPH’s member capital account held in Hudson East River Systems, LLC
(“HERS”), a pooled investment program through a limited liability company of which Fund, Inc. is the managing
member. The table excludes assets invested in NYPH’s pension plans, as well as assets of NYPH’s Consolidated
Entities.


                                         CASH AND INVESTMENT ASSETS OF NYPH

                                   Total Investment Assets                  Beneficial Interest1                NYPH Assets2


 Total (in billions)                            $12.8                                $2.6                         $10.2

 Cash                                              7%                                   4%                           9%
 Treasuries                                        9                                    3                           11
 Public Equity                                    34                                   45                           31
 Private Equity                                   15                                   20                           14
 Real Estate                                       5                                    6                            4
 Natural Resources                                 3                                    4                            2
 Hedge Funds                                      14                                   18                           13
 Credit                                           13                                  N/A                           16
 Total3                                          100%                                100%                          100%




Source: NYPH records

1. The beneficial interest component is almost entirely comprised of NYPH’s beneficial interest in Fund, Inc.
2. Includes NYPH’s interest in HERS.
3. Totals may not foot due to rounding.

The above table details NYPH’s investment assets, including NYPH’s beneficial interest in net assets held by
related organizations, which comprise the majority of the investment assets under the purview of the Investment
Committee and Investment Staff. The NYPH component includes investments limited as to use, including funded
depreciation, and funded self-insurance. The NYPH component also includes short-term and cash equivalent
investments maintained for purposes of operations and other needs of NYPH, escrow funds, and other assets. The
beneficial interest component is almost entirely comprised of NYPH’s beneficial interest in Fund, Inc. The table
does not include investments held by NYPH’s pension plans, which are invested similarly to other long-term assets
and assets of NYPH’s Consolidated Entities.

For long-term funds, NYPH has adopted a return-oriented, well-diversified asset allocation strategy.




                                                            Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                        45
The following table shows, as of March 31, 2025, the liquidity of NYPH’s investment portfolio, with 53% or $6.8
billion of assets accessible within one month. The table excludes assets of NYPH’s pension plans and assets of
NYPH’s Consolidated Entities.



                                     LIQUIDITY OF NYPH’S INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO

                                             NYPH Long-Term Fund          NYPH Current Investments      Total
          1-5 Days                                   30%                          100%                   50%
          6-31 Days                                   3                            N/A                    3
          1-6 Months                                 12                            N/A                    8
          7-12 Months                                 8                            N/A                    6
          1-3 Years                                  10                            N/A                    7
          3+ Years                                   37                            N/A                   26
          Total1                                    100%                          100%                  100%


Source: NYPH records

1. Totals may not foot due to rounding.


The following tables show (i) the amount of investment assets of NYPH under management as of March 31, 2025,
and as of December 31, 2024, and (ii) the investment performance of the long-term portfolio through March 31,
2025. The table excludes assets invested in NYPH’s pension plans and assets of NYPH’s Consolidated Entities.


                                          INVESTMENT ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
                                                       ($ in billions)

                                                                    As of                      As of
                                                                March 31, 2025            December 31, 2024


      Investment Assets Under Management                                 $12.8                  $12.9


       Source: NYPH records



                                           LONG-TERM PORTFOLIO PERFORMANCE



                                                                                 5 Year      3 Year     1 Year


      Long -Term Portfolio Performance through March 31, 2025                      9.7%      4.2%        8.0%
ber




      Source: NYPH records




                                                     Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                 46
Philanthropy

A campaign was launched in 2015 to raise $300.0 million for the Alexandra Cohen Hospital for Women and
Newborns. As of March 31, 2025, NYPH has received pledges and gifts of $197.1 million related to this campaign.
After a Quiet Phase, a $2.0 billion fundraising campaign was publicly launched in October 2024. As of March 31,
2025, approximately $1.4 billion in pledges and gifts have been made to this campaign. The collection rate for
pledges, based on recent history, exceeds 95%.

Fund, Inc.

During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, Fund, Inc. distributed to
NYPH approximately $25.2 million and $60.4 million, respectively, for the purchase of fixed assets. Fund, Inc.
holds certain assets on behalf of NYPH that are restricted and may only be used for the benefit of NYPH. Refer to
Note 7 of the 2024 Audited Financial Statements for an annual summary of the activity within the Fund, Inc.
restricted net assets. There is no legal or contractual requirement that Fund, Inc. continue to make distributions of
its unrestricted assets to NYPH.

Capital Expenditures

For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, NYPH incurred capital
expenditures of $224.8 million and $727.6 million, respectively, for the acquisition of property, buildings and
equipment (net of disposals). These expenditures were funded from internally generated cash flow, equipment
finance leases and donations. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31,
2024, Fund, Inc. received approximately $44.7 million and $188.2 million, respectively, (including $43.0 million and
$177.2 million, respectively, specifically restricted for NYPH) in new gifts and pledges from individuals, foundations
and corporate donors for capital acquisitions and other purposes.

RCP Corporations

For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, the RCP Corporations had
an aggregate net operating income of approximately $7.0 million and $33.2 million, respectively. Historically, each
of the RCP Corporations has distributed its excess of revenue over expenses, less reasonable reserves (“Excess
Revenue”) to NYPH. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, these
amounts totaled $6.8 million and $32.1 million, respectively, and are included in other operating revenue in the
Statements of Operations of NYPH. However, the board of directors of each of the RCP Corporations has complete
discretion within its stated corporate purposes with respect to the distribution of its Excess Revenue; there is no
legal or contractual requirement that these amounts be distributed to NYPH.




                                                 Disclosure Report | Q1 2025                                       47
UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION



The New York and Presbyterian Hospital
As of and For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
                        The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

                    Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
                          and Supplementary Information

                   As of and For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025




                                            CONTENTS

Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Financial Position .............................................. 1
Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations ........................................................ 3
Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets...................................... 4
Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ....................................................... 5
Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements ................................................. 6


Supplementary Information

Unaudited Consolidating Statement of Financial Position ............................................. 26
Unaudited Consolidating Statement of Operations ....................................................... 28
Note to Unaudited Consolidating Supplementary Information ....................................... 29
                          The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

               Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
                                            (In Thousands)

                                                                   (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                                                   March 31        December 31
                                                                    2025              2024
Assets
Current assets:
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                       $     625,905    $     730,330
   Short-term investments                                              2,752,131        2,730,487
 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments               3,378,036        3,460,817

 Patient accounts receivable – net                                     1,705,550        1,756,665
 Other current assets                                                    728,427          638,614
 Assets limited as to use – current portion                               56,609           55,342
 Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable and
   related deposits – current portion                                   101,363          101,363
 Beneficial interest in net assets held by related organizations
   – current portion                                                      73,141           79,023
 Due from related organizations – net                                     48,101           70,484
Total current assets                                                   6,091,227        6,162,308

Assets limited as to use – noncurrent                                  7,076,998        7,049,773
Property, buildings and equipment – net                                5,320,780        5,224,673
Operating lease assets                                                   468,876          480,641
Other noncurrent assets – net                                            207,403          247,980
Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable and
  related deposits – noncurrent                                         415,637          415,637
Beneficial interest in net assets held by related organizations
  – noncurrent                                                         3,051,437        3,062,838

Total assets                                                       $ 22,632,358     $ 22,643,850

Continued on following page.




                                                                                                1
                             The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

          Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (continued)
                                  (In Thousands)

                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                   March 31         December 31
                                                                     2025              2024

Liabilities and net assets
Current liabilities:
  Long-term debt – current portion                                 $       77,297   $       77,893
  Operating lease liability – current portion                              57,936           60,266
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                 1,077,378        1,072,792
  Accrued salaries and related liabilities                                783,931          774,801
  Postretirement benefit liability – current portion                        4,694            4,694
  Professional and other insurance liabilities – current portion          120,478          119,424
  Other current liabilities                                               539,567          445,223
Total current liabilities                                               2,661,281        2,555,093

Long-term debt                                                          3,754,974        3,759,592
Operating lease liability                                                 437,242          446,983
Professional and other insurance liabilities                              977,437          977,282
Postretirement benefit liability                                           42,589           42,409
Other noncurrent liabilities                                              485,401          684,404
Total liabilities                                                       8,358,924        8,465,763

Commitments and contingencies

Net assets:
  Net assets without donor restrictions                                11,109,353       10,997,313
  Net assets with donor restrictions                                    3,164,081        3,180,774
Total net assets                                                       14,273,434       14,178,087

Total liabilities and net assets                                   $ 22,632,358     $ 22,643,850

See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                     2
                           The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

                     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations
                                   (In Thousands)

                                                                           (Unaudited)
                                                                  Three Months Ended March 31
                                                                      2025             2024

Operating revenues
Net patient service revenue                                   $       2,944,983   $    2,884,705
Other revenue                                                           458,384          339,562
Total operating revenues                                              3,403,367        3,224,267

Operating expenses
Salaries and wages                                                    1,508,207        1,430,430
Employee benefits                                                       404,164          374,624
Supplies and other expenses                                           1,219,995        1,138,983
Interest expense, net of amortization                                    36,007           36,348
Depreciation and amortization                                           148,831          142,904
Total operating expenses                                              3,317,204        3,123,289

Operating income                                                        86,163          100,978

Investment return, net                                                  15,331          280,375
Expected return on plan assets and other components of
   net periodic pension and postretirement cost                         16,783           14,870
Excess of revenues over expenses                                       118,277          396,223

Other changes in net assets without donor restrictions:
  Net asset transfers to related parties                                (3,712)                 –
  Net asset transfers from New York-Presbyterian Healthcare
     System, Inc.                                                             –           4,607
  Other changes in net assets                                             (140)             (74)
  Distributions from New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc.
     for the purchase of fixed assets                                   25,146            4,222
  Change in pension and postretirement benefit liabilities
     to be recognized in future periods                                (27,531)          15,563
Change in net assets without donor restrictions                   $    112,040     $    420,541

See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                3
                                                                      The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

                                                   Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
                                                                       (In Thousands)



                                                        Net Assets                                       Beneficial Interest in Net Assets with Donor
                                                                                                                                                                                 Total Net
                                                            without       Net Assets                     Restrictions Held by Related Organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                  Assets
                                                            Donor         with Donor         Plant        Specific       Endowment         Permanent       Total Beneficial     with Donor            Total
                                                        Restrictions      Restrictions   Replacement     Purposes         Earnings         Endowment             Interest       Restrictions       Net Assets
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)


Net assets at January 1, 2024                           $ 9,434,393        $   36,267     $ 1,049,434    $ 1,243,399      $ 239,320         $ 305,400        $     2,837,553     $ 2,873,820       $ 12,308,213
    Change in net assets without donor restrictions           420,541                –               –               –               –                 –                    –                  –       420,541
    Net investment return - donor restricted                          –          1,408               –               –               –                 –                    –           1,408            1,408
    Changes in beneficial interest in net assets
        held by related organizations                                 –              –         28,112         34,185          11,065            4,219                 77,581           77,581           77,581
     Change in net assets                                     420,541            1,408         28,112         34,185          11,065            4,219                 77,581           78,989          499,530
Net assets at March 31, 2024                            $   9,854,934      $   37,675    $   1,077,546   $ 1,277,584      $ 250,385         $ 309,619        $     2,915,134     $ 2,952,809       $ 12,807,743


Net assets at January 1, 2025                           $ 10,997,313       $   38,913     $ 1,202,837    $ 1,352,604      $ 268,059         $ 318,361        $     3,141,861     $ 3,180,774       $ 14,178,087
    Change in net assets without donor restrictions           112,040               –                –               –               –             –                        –                  –       112,040
    Net investment return - donor restricted                          –           590                –               –               –             –                        –             590                 590
    Changes in beneficial interest in net assets held
        by related organizations                                      –             –         (22,110)         7,605         (3,959)            1,181                (17,283)        (17,283)          (17,283)
     Change in net assets                                     112,040             590         (22,110)         7,605         (3,959)            1,181                (17,283)        (16,693)           95,347
Net assets at March 31, 2025                            $ 11,109,353       $   39,503    $ 1,180,727     $ 1,360,209      $ 264,100         $ 319,542        $     3,124,578     $ 3,164,081       $ 14,273,434


See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          4
                                     The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

                             Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                               (In Thousands)

                                                                                                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                               Three Months Ended March 31
                                                                                                 2025               2024
Operating activities
 Change in net assets                                                                          $      95,347        $    499,530
 Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                                                   148,831               142,904
    Amortization of bond premium, deferred financing costs and other                                   (448)                 (448)
    Net asset transfer from New York-Presbyterian Healthcare System, Inc.                                  –               (4,607)
    Distributions from New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc. for the purchase of fixed assets            (25,146)               (4,222)
    Net investment return-without donor restrictions, excluding interest and dividends              (10,215)            (274,143)
    Equity in income from investee                                                                     (195)                 (744)
    Net asset transfers to related parties                                                             3,712                     –
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Patient accounts receivable – net                                                              51,115               11,892
       Other assets and operating lease assets                                                      (35,727)             (34,744)
       Beneficial interest in net assets held by related organizations                                17,283             (77,581)
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                           4,586             (27,249)
       Accrued salaries and related liabilities                                                        9,130             (90,388)
       Due from related organizations – net                                                           22,383                2,356
       Other liabilities                                                                           (116,730)               95,678
       Professional and other insurance liabilities and related insurance recoveries
          receivable and deposits                                                                      1,209              11,941
       Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities                                                    180                 270
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                            165,315             250,445

Investing activities
Net purchases of short-term investments and assets limited as to use                                (40,128)              (1,650)
Acquisitions of property, buildings and equipment – net                                            (236,307)            (151,640)
Distribution from investee                                                                                 –                  500
Loan issued to related organization                                                                  (1,549)                    –
Net cash used in investing activities                                                              (277,984)            (152,790)

Financing activities
Repayments of long-term debt                                                                        (13,397)             (13,987)
Net asset transfer from New York-Presbyterian Healthcare System, Inc.                                      –                4,607
Net asset transfers to related parties                                                               (3,712)                    –
Distributions from New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc. for the purchase of fixed assets                  25,146                4,222
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                    8,037              (5,158)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted
  cash equivalents                                                                                 (104,632)              92,497
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at
  beginning of period                                                                                806,003             692,319
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at
  end of period                                                                                $     701,371        $    784,816

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Assets acquired under finance lease obligations                                                $       8,631    $           2,453



See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                 5
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

              Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements

                                        March 31, 2025

1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Financial Statements

The New York and Presbyterian Hospital (the Hospital) presumes that users of this unaudited
consolidated financial information intended for quarterly reporting purposes have read or have access
to the Hospital’s audited consolidated financial statements which include certain disclosures required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The audited
financial statements of the Hospital as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are
on file with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and are accessible through its Electronic
Municipal Market Access Database (EMMA). Accordingly, footnotes and other disclosures that would
substantially duplicate the disclosures contained in the Hospital’s most recent audited financial
statements have been omitted from the unaudited consolidated financial information.

In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the
results of the periods have been included in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements. All such adjustments are considered by management to be of a normal, recurring nature,
except as noted otherwise. Certain amounts pertaining to the Hospital and its subsidiaries have been
reflected in the accompanying unaudited consolidated and consolidating financial information based
on amounts available as of the filing date of this unaudited consolidated information and are recorded
based on annual estimates, are only updated annually, or are projected for interim financial reporting
purposes; however, such amounts and estimates are subject to change and are reevaluated by the
Hospital quarterly and on an annual basis.

Organization and Basis of Presentation: The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of The New York and Presbyterian Hospital (referred to herein as “NYPH” when
referencing the legal entity separate from its subsidiaries), NYP Community Programs, Inc.
(Community Programs) and other consolidated entities as described below. NYPH is the sole member
of Community Programs. The reporting entity resulting from the consolidation of these entities is
referred to herein as the “Hospital.” All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

NYPH is a tax-exempt organization that was incorporated under New York State not-for-profit
corporation law. NYPH is a major academic medical center operating at eight campuses comprised of
3,402 beds, providing a full range of inpatient and outpatient services, mainly to residents of the New
York metropolitan area. The Board of Trustees of NYPH consists of persons who have first been
elected as members of New York-Presbyterian Foundation, Inc. (Foundation, Inc.), a New York State
not-for-profit corporation. Foundation, Inc. is related to a number of organizations.

Community Programs is the sole member of the following entities: Hudson Valley Hospital Center and
Westchester Putnam Health Management System, Inc. (collectively with their controlled affiliates
referred to herein as NYP/Hudson Valley or Hudson Valley); and NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens
(collectively with its controlled affiliates referred to herein as NYP/Queens or Queens). NYP/Hudson
Valley consists of a 128-bed acute care hospital located in Cortlandt Manor, Westchester County, New
York, a fundraising foundation, a multi-specialty physician practice and certain other entities primarily
formed to purchase and lease space. NYP/Queens consists of a 535-bed acute care hospital located




                                                                                                       6
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

in Queens County, New York, a multi-specialty physician practice and certain other entities. Hudson
Valley and Queens are collectively referred to herein as the “Regional Hospitals.”

Other entities included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements include Kings Physician
Services, P.C. and other physician practice and affiliated entities that comprise NYP Medical
Group/Brooklyn, Lawrence Care, Inc., Lawrence Medical Associates, P.C. (d/b/a NewYork-
Presbyterian Medical Group/Westchester), and NYP Sports Performance, LLC. Effective January 1,
2024, the ownership of Network Insurance Company Ltd. (NICL) was transferred from New York-
Presbyterian Healthcare System, Inc., a subsidiary of Foundation, Inc., to the Hospital. NICL is a
Bermuda-based captive insurance company which is being used by the Hospital for certain
professional liability claims commencing January 1, 2024.

Although NYPH, Community Programs and the other entities described above have been consolidated
for financial statement reporting purposes under applicable accounting requirements, there may be
limitations on the use of one entity’s funds by another member of the consolidated group resulting from
the charitable nature of some of the entities or other factors.

The Hospital maintains academic affiliations with two medical colleges: Columbia University Vagelos
College of Physicians & Surgeons (Columbia VP&S) and The Joan and Sanford I. Weill Medical
College of Cornell University (Weill Cornell Medical College) (collectively, the Schools). Transactions
occur on a routine basis between the Hospital and the Schools, based upon arrangements between
the parties.

Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic and Related Funding

Commencing in 2020, the Hospital applied for reimbursement for qualifying expenses under the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Disaster Relief Fund and received reimbursement
payment advances in prior periods. The FEMA advances received to date relate to project worksheets
totaling over $1.0 billion submitted by the Hospital to FEMA since 2020 under its expedited claim
submission process and streamlined submission process.

In January 2025, FEMA approved an obligation for reimbursement of $510.3 million of previously
submitted costs from the Hospital; the related documentation is pending final review procedures by
the State of New York Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services and the payment to
the Hospital has not been received. The Hospital recognized $30.1 million of FEMA revenue for the
three months ended March 31, 2025 in relation to this approved obligation. The payment to the
Hospital has not been received through March 31, 2025; approximately $295.0 million in relation to
this grant was received in May 2025.

Additionally, the Hospital is finalizing other project worksheets previously submitted to FEMA and will
continue to pursue funding of eligible costs incurred through the end of the defined period. The ultimate
amount of incurred costs that the Hospital may be reimbursed is still uncertain.




                                                                                                       7
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Under the CARES Act, the Hospital is eligible to receive an employee retention credit (ERC) against
the employer portion of Social Security taxes for certain wages. The ERC was designed to encourage
employers to retain employees during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Hospital is eligible for ERC for the
period of March 13, 2020 to September 30, 2021, as extended through further legislation. The Hospital
submitted amended Forms 941-X for calendar year 2020 and the first and second quarters of calendar
year 2021 to claim the ERC; the second quarter 2021 filing was submitted in February 2024 but no
credit against the Hospital’s taxes has been received from the Internal Revenue Service. There were
no ERC received or recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.

A summary of certain accounting policies follows (refer to Note 1 to the audited financial statements
for further description of significant accounting policies):

  Use of Estimates

  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make
  estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, such as
  collections on accounts receivable for services to patients, valuation of alternative investments,
  estimated settlements with third-party payors, professional liabilities, and pension and
  postretirement benefit obligations, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
  the consolidated financial statements. Estimates also affect the amounts of revenue and expenses
  reported during the period. There is at least a reasonable possibility that certain estimates will
  change by material amounts in the near term.

  Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments

  The Hospital classifies as cash equivalents all highly liquid financial instruments with a maturity of
  three months or less when purchased, excluding those held in short-term investments and assets
  limited as to use for funded depreciation and board designated purposes as such holdings are
  within investment portfolios.

  A reconciliation of amounts reported on the Hospital’s statements of financial position to the
  statements of cash flows as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 follows
  (in thousands):

                                                                                March 31,
                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                            (Unaudited)
    Cash and cash equivalents                                         $ 625,905      $ 723,623
    Assets limited as to use – funded self-insurance
       (professional liabilities): cash and cash equivalents               75,394            61,154
    Assets limited as to use – donor restricted: cash and
       cash equivalents                                                         72                39
    Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
       and restricted cash equivalents                                $ 701,371          $ 784,816

                                                                                                       8
                         The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

        Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                          March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

    Net Patient Service Revenue

    Net patient service revenue is reported at the amount that reflects the consideration to which the
    Hospital expects to be entitled in exchange for providing patient care. These amounts are due from
    patients, third-party payors (including health insurers and government programs), and others and
    include provisions for variable consideration (reductions to revenue) for retroactive revenue
    adjustments, including adjustments due to the settlement of ongoing and future audits, reviews, and
    investigations.

    The Hospital uses a portfolio approach to account for categories of patient contracts as a collective
    group rather than recognizing revenue on an individual contract basis. The portfolios primarily
    consist of major payor classes for inpatient revenue and major types of services provided for
    outpatient revenue. Based on historical collection trends and other analyses, the Hospital believes
    that revenue recognized by utilizing the portfolio approach approximates the revenue that would
    have been recognized if an individual contract approach were used.

    The Hospital’s initial estimate of the transaction price for services provided to patients is determined
    by reducing the total standard charges related to the patient services provided by various elements
    of variable consideration, including contractual adjustments, discounts, implicit price concessions,
    and other reductions to the Hospital’s standard charges. The Hospital determines the transaction
    price associated with services provided to patients who have third-party payor coverage on the
    basis of contractual or formula-driven rates for the services rendered. The estimates for contractual
    allowances and discounts are based on contractual agreements, the Hospital’s discount policies
    and historical experience. For uninsured and under-insured patients who do not qualify for charity
    care, the Hospital determines the transaction price associated with services on the basis of charges
    reduced by implicit price concessions. Implicit price concessions included in the estimate of the
    transaction price are based on the Hospital’s historical collection experience for applicable patient
    portfolios. Under the Hospital’s charity care policy, a patient who has no insurance or is under-
    insured and is ineligible for any government assistance program has his or her bill reduced to (1)
    the lesser of charges or the Medicaid diagnostic-related group for inpatient and (2) a discount from
    Medicaid fee-for-service rates for outpatient. Patients who meet the Hospital’s criteria for free care
    are provided care without charge; such amounts are not reported as revenue.

    Generally, the Hospital bills patients and third-party payors several days after the services are
    performed and/or when the patient is discharged. Net patient service revenue is recognized as
    performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligations are determined based on the nature
    of the services provided by the Hospital. Net patient service revenue for performance obligations
    satisfied over time is recognized based on the estimated expected payment at that point in time.
    The Hospital believes that this method provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of services
    over the term of the performance obligation based on the services needed to satisfy the obligation.
    Generally, performance obligations satisfied over time relate to patients receiving inpatient acute
    care services or patients receiving services in the Hospital’s outpatient and ambulatory care
    centers. The Hospital measures the performance obligation from admission into the Hospital or the
    commencement of an outpatient service to the point when it is no longer required to provide services



                                                                                                          9
                         The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

  to that patient, which is generally at the time of discharge or the completion of the outpatient visit.
  Substantially all of its performance obligations relate to contracts with a duration of less than one
  year. Unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations primarily relate to inpatient acute
  care services at the end of the reporting period for patients who remain admitted at that time (in-
  house patients). The performance obligations for in-house patients are generally completed when
  the patients are discharged, which for the majority of the Hospital’s in-house patients occurs within
  days or weeks after the end of the reporting period.

  Net patient service revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 by payor is as
  follows (in thousands):
                                                                       March 31,
                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                     (Unaudited)
            Medicare1                                    $     802,255             $    773,016
            Medicaid1                                          453,741                  443,725
            Commercial carriers and health
              maintenance organizations                      1,651,318               1,639,400
            Self-pay                                            37,669                  28,564
                                                         $   2,944,983             $ 2,884,705

        1
            Amounts are inclusive of Medicare and Medicaid program activity administered by managed
            care organizations.

  Deductibles, copayments and coinsurance under third-party payment programs which are the
  patient’s responsibility are included within the third-party payors amounts above.

Subsequent changes to the estimate of the transaction price (determined on a portfolio basis when
applicable) are generally recorded as adjustments to patient service revenue in the period of the
change. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, changes in the Hospital’s estimates
of implicit price concessions, discounts, contractual adjustments or other reductions to expected
payments for performance obligations satisfied in prior periods were not significant. Portfolio collection
estimates are updated quarterly based on collection trends. Subsequent changes that are determined
to be the result of an adverse change in the patient’s ability to pay based on current or future estimated
credit losses (determined on a portfolio basis when applicable) are recorded as bad debt expense.
Bad debt expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was not significant.




                                                                                                       10
                         The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

        Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                          March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

  At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, accounts receivable is comprised of the following
  components (in thousands):

                                                              March 31,        December 31,
                                                                2025               2024
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Audited)

            Patient receivables                          $      1,632,597      $    1,691,682
            Contract assets                                        72,953              64,983
                                                         $      1,705,550      $    1,756,665

  Contract assets are related to in-house patients who were provided services during the reporting
  period but were not discharged as of the reporting date and for which the Hospital may not have the
  right to bill.

  The Hospital has established estimates, based on information presently available, of amounts due to
  or from Medicare and non-Medicare payors for adjustments to current and prior years’ payment rates,
  based on industry-wide and Hospital-specific data. Medicare cost reports, which serve as the basis for
  final settlement with the Medicare program, have been audited by the Medicare fiscal intermediary
  and settled through 2020 for NYPH and NYP/Queens, and through 2021 for NYP/Hudson Valley,
  although revisions to final settlements or other retroactive changes could be made. Other years and
  various issues remain open for Medicare audit and settlement, as are numerous issues related to the
  New York State Medicaid program for prior years. As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility
  that recorded estimates will change by a material amount when open years are settled, audits are
  completed, and additional information is obtained.

  Settlements with third-party payors for cost report filings and retroactive adjustments due to ongoing
  and future audits, reviews or investigations are considered variable consideration and are included in
  the determination of the estimated transaction price for providing patient care. These settlements are
  estimated based on the terms of the payment agreement with the payor, correspondence from the
  payor and the Hospital’s historical settlement activity (for example, cost report final settlements or
  repayments related to recovery audits), including an assessment to ensure that it is probable that a
  significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty
  associated with the retroactive adjustment is subsequently resolved. Such estimates are determined
  through either a probability-weighted estimate or an estimate of the most likely amount, depending on
  the circumstances related to a given estimated settlement item. Estimated settlements are adjusted in
  future periods as adjustments become known (that is, new information becomes available), or as years
  are settled or are no longer subject to such audits, reviews, and investigations. For the three months
  ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the net effect of the Hospital’s revisions to prior year estimates
  resulted in net patient service revenue increasing by approximately $22.5 million and $52.5 million,
  respectively.




                                                                                                       11
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

  The current Medicaid, Medicare and other third-party payor programs are based upon extremely
  complex laws and regulations that are subject to interpretation. Noncompliance with such laws and
  regulations could result in fines, penalties and exclusion from such programs. The Hospital is not
  aware of any allegations of non-compliance that could have a material adverse effect on the
  accompanying consolidated financial statements and believes that it is in compliance in all material
  respects with all applicable laws and regulations.

  There are various proposals at the federal and state levels that could, among other things,
  significantly reduce payment rates or modify payment methods. The ultimate outcome of these
  proposals and other market changes, including the potential effects of or revisions to health care
  reform that has been or will be enacted by the federal and state governments, cannot be determined
  presently. Future changes in the Medicare and Medicaid programs and any reduction of funding
  could have an adverse impact on the Hospital. Additionally, certain payors’ payment rates for
  various years have been appealed by the Hospital. If the appeals are successful, additional income
  applicable to those years could be realized.

  Investments

  Investments are held in the Hospital’s short-term and assets limited as to use portfolios. All
  investments are classified as trading investments and, excluding interests in common
  collective equity funds, alternative investments and pooled investments held by related parties, are
  carried at fair value determined as described in Note 5. Common collective equity funds and
  alternative investments are reported in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of
  financial position based upon net asset values derived from the application of the equity method of
  accounting.

  Alternative investment interests generally are structured such that the Hospital (or its related party
  investment pool) holds a limited partnership interest or an interest in an investment management
  company, including hedge funds, private equity funds and private real estate funds. The Hospital’s
  ownership structure does not provide for control over the related investees and the Hospital’s
  financial risk is limited to the carrying amount reported for each investee, in addition to any unfunded
  capital commitment.

  Individual investment holdings within the alternative investments include non-marketable and
  market-traded debt, equity and real asset securities and interests in other alternative investments.
  The Hospital may be exposed indirectly to securities lending, short sales of securities and trading
  in futures and forward contracts, options and other derivative products. Alternative investments
  often have liquidity restrictions under which the Hospital’s capital may be divested only at specified
  times.

  Financial information used by the Hospital to evaluate its alternative investments is provided by the
  investment manager or general partner and includes fair value valuations (quoted market prices
  and values determined through other means) of underlying securities and other financial
  instruments held by the investee and estimates that require varying degrees of judgment.



                                                                                                       12
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025


1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

  The financial statements of the investee companies are audited annually by independent auditors,
  although the timing for reporting the results of such audits for certain investee companies does not
  coincide with the Hospital’s annual financial statement reporting.

  Interests in pooled investments held by related parties are reported based upon unitized net asset
  value (see Note 4). Assets held in the Hospital’s defined benefit pension plans are carried at fair
  value. Fair value for alternative investments held by such plans is determined for each investment
  using net asset values as a practical expedient, as permitted by GAAP, rather than using another
  valuation method to independently estimate fair value.

  There is uncertainty in determining fair values of alternative investments arising from factors such
  as lack of active markets (primary and secondary), lack of transparency into underlying holdings,
  time lags associated with reporting by the investee companies and the subjective evaluation of
  liquidity restrictions. As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that estimates will change
  in the near term.

  Tax Status

  The majority of the entities comprising the Hospital are Section 501(c)(3) organizations exempt from
  Federal income taxes on related income under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC).
  These entities are also exempt from New York State income taxes. NYPH, Community Programs,
  NYP/Queens, Kings Physician Services, P.C., and certain other entities are exempt from New York
  City income taxes. NICL is a captive insurance company domiciled in Bermuda with limited
  operations and no material income tax exposure.

  Certain subsidiaries and controlled entities of the Hospital are for-profit entities. Taxable operations
  and the potential for income taxes from these entities and from unrelated business activities of the
  tax exempt entities are not significant to the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
  statements.

2. Pension and Similar Benefits Plans

The Hospital provides pension and similar benefits to its employees through several plans, including
participation in various multiemployer plans for certain union employees; a nonqualified defined benefit
plan for certain NYPH executives (the Nonqualified Pension Plan); a defined benefit retirement plan
under a collective bargaining agreement for certain employees of NYP/LMH (the NYP/LMH Pension
Plan); and a defined benefit plan for certain eligible Hospital employees (NewYork-Presbyterian Plan)
(the NYP/LMH Pension Plan and the NewYork-Presbyterian Plan are collectively referred to as the
Pension Plans).

The Hospital funds the noncontributory defined benefit plans in accordance with the minimum
funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
plus additional amounts that the Hospital may deem appropriate from time to time. Amounts
contributed to the Pension Plans are based on actuarial valuations.



                                                                                                         13
                        The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025

2. Pension and Similar Benefits Plans (continued)

The Hospital currently does not expect to make contributions to the Pension Plans in 2025 (none in
2024); however, management will reevaluate the funding status periodically in 2025.

The Hospital contributed $1.2 million and $1.5 million to its other postretirement benefit plans during
the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Hospital expects to contribute
approximately $3.5 million to its other postretirement benefit plans for the remainder of 2025.

The Hospital recognizes in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position an asset,
for a defined benefit plan’s overfunded status, or a liability, for a plan’s underfunded status; measures
a defined benefit plan’s assets and obligations that determine funded status as of the end of the
Hospital’s fiscal year; and recognizes the periodic change in the funded status of a defined benefit plan
as a component of changes in net assets without donor restrictions in the year in which the change
occurs. Amounts that are recognized as a component of changes in net assets without donor
restrictions will be subsequently recognized as net periodic benefit cost in future periods. On a quarterly
basis, the Hospital’s management has elected to determine an interim discount rate and estimates the
fair value of the plan assets and reports the change in pension and postretirement benefit liabilities to
be recognized in future periods. The Hospital’s interim estimates are subject to volatility from market
interest rates and amounts reported on an interim basis are subject to change and do not reflect the
impact of other changes to the funded status of the defined benefit plans as measured at year end.

Net periodic benefit cost consists of the following for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
2024 (in thousands):

                                                                                  Postretirement
                                               Pension Plans                       Benefit Plans
                                             2025            2024                2025           2024
                                                 (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)
Service cost                              $   35,605    $     28,960        $      1,998 $       2,179
Interest cost                                 26,401          31,269                 580           617
Expected return on plan assets              (43,579)        (46,545)                   –              –
Net amortization of prior service cost             –               –               (200)         (201)
Recognized actuarial losses (gains)                –               –                  15           (10)
Net periodic pension cost and
  postretirement benefits cost            $     18,427      $    13,684     $     2,393     $     2,585


The amounts for 2025 in the table above are based on preliminary estimates determined by the
Hospital’s actuaries which will be finalized later in the year.




                                                                                                       14
                        The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025

3. Professional Liability Insurance Program

In 1978, NYPH, in conjunction with a number of unrelated health care entities, participated in the
formation of captive insurance companies (collectively, the Captive) to provide professional liability
and general liability insurance to its participants. The premiums are based on a modified claims-made
coverage and are actuarially determined based on the actual experience of the Captive, Hospital-
specific experience, and estimated current exposure. The Captive has reinsurance coverage from
reinsurers for certain amounts above its self-insured retained limits. The professional liability tower
currently provides reinsurance coverage in excess of $200.0 million in the aggregate annually to the
Hospital and the other participating entities. In January 1996, rights to equity in the Captive were
transferred to New York-Presbyterian Fund, Inc. (Fund, Inc.), a related party. Accordingly, insurance
premiums are paid by the Hospital initially to Fund, Inc. (refer to Note 10 of the Hospital’s audited
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023).

Effective July 1, 2013, August 1, 2014, February 1, 2015, December 1, 2015 and July 1, 2022,
NewYork-Presbyterian Lower Manhattan Hospital (NYP/LMH), NYP Westchester (formerly NewYork-
Presbyterian/Lawrence       Hospital),    NYP/Hudson       Valley,   NYP/Queens         and    NewYork-
Presbyterian/Brooklyn Methodist (NYP Brooklyn Methodist), respectively, became insured by the
Captive. Prior to each entity’s respective effective date with the Captive, the entities were covered by
various commercially purchased policies or self-insured programs. For hospital-liability claims incurred
through June 30, 2022, NYP Brooklyn Methodist participated in a separate captive insurance program
which included certain self-insured retentions; certain physician-liability coverage continues to be
obtained through this separate captive insurance program subsequent to July 1, 2022. The notes to
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Hospital for the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023 include additional disclosures which describe the Hospital’s accounting for its professional
liability insurance program and related matters.

Effective January 1, 2024, NICL provides excess coverage for certain claims under a deposit
accounting model as part of the Hospital’s professional liability insurance program.

The Hospital’s estimates for professional liabilities are based upon complex actuarial calculations
which utilize factors such as historical claims experience for the Hospital and related industry factors,
trending models, estimates for the payment patterns of future claims and present value discount
factors. These estimates may also be impacted by recent or proposed changes to the statute of
limitations impacting certain existing or unreported claims. As a result, there is at least a reasonable
possibility that recorded estimates will change by a material amount in the near term (see Note 6).
Revisions to estimated amounts resulting from actual experience differing from projected expectations
are recorded in the period the information becomes known or when changes are anticipated.

4. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use

The Hospital’s investments are either separately invested or held on a pooled basis with related parties
(pooled with Fund, Inc. or included in unitized investment funds within Hudson East River Systems,
LLC (HERS)). Fund, Inc., NYPH and the Regional Hospitals maintain member capital accounts with
HERS. Each entity’s member capital account for HERS is tracked for various strategic pools of
investments. Each entity is allocated income or loss from investments on a monthly basis based on the
underlying fair values and net asset values of the invested securities and their individual unitized capital


                                                                                                        15
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                       March 31, 2025

4. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use (continued)

interest. The Hospital recognizes in its accompanying consolidated statements of financial position only
the unitized portion of the HERS assets attributable to the Hospital’s member capital accounts. The
HERS assets attributable to the Hospital, consisting of separate member capital accounts for NYPH,
NYP/Hudson Valley and NYP/Queens, represented approximately 74% of the total HERS portfolio at
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024; the composition of the HERS investment portfolio asset
allocation is provided in this Note.

The composition and reported value of short-term investments at March 31, 2025 and December 31,
2024 consist of the following (in thousands):

                                                                  March 31,          December 31,
                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                  (Unaudited)          (Audited)
Investments held by the Hospital:
  Marketable securities, carried at fair value                $     200,810          $      199,712
  Hedge funds, accounted for using the equity method                  2,012                   1,981
Total investments held by the Hospital                              202,822                 201,693
Unitized investments held by HERS, accounted for
   using the equity method                                         2,539,145              2,518,604
Pooled investments held by Fund, Inc. on behalf of
  NYP/Queens, accounted for using the equity
  method                                                              10,164                 10,190
Total short-term investments                                  $    2,752,131         $    2,730,487




                                                                                                     16
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025

4. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use (continued)

The composition and reported value of assets limited as to use, which excludes the beneficial interest
in net assets held by related organizations, at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 consist of the
following (in thousands):


                                                                        March 31,     December 31,
                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                       (Unaudited)      (Audited)
Investments accounted for at fair value:
  Marketable securities, carried at fair value                     $       150,329        $    111,848
  Investments held by captive insurance companies,
     at allocated fair value                                               287,756             287,756
Total investments accounted for at fair value                              438,085             399,604


Hospital held investments accounted for using the equity
 method:
   Common collective equity funds                                            38,266             38,038
   Hedge funds                                                                  186                223
   Private equity                                                               866                807
   Private real assets                                                           25                 25
                                                                             39,343             39,093
Pooled investments held by Fund, Inc. on behalf of
 NYP/Queens, accounted for using the equity method                           28,318             28,388
Unitized investments held by HERS, accounted for using
 the equity method                                                        6,627,861           6,638,030
Total investments accounted for using the equity method                   6,695,522           6,705,511

Total assets limited as to use                                            7,133,607           7,105,115
Less current portion                                                         56,609              55,342
Assets limited as to use – noncurrent                              $      7,076,998   $       7,049,773




                                                                                                      17
                         The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

        Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025

 4. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use (continued)

 The asset allocation of the HERS investment portfolio and unfunded commitments and liquidity
 restrictions for certain alternative investments held by HERS at March 31, 2025 are as follows (in
 thousands):

                                                              Redemption
          Description of               Asset     Unfunded     Frequency (if     Redemption
           Investment                Allocation Commitments Currently Eligible) Notice Period
                                                 (Unaudited)

Cash and cash equivalents                   2%
Fixed income securities:
 U.S. government bonds and notes             7
 Mortgage and asset-backed                   6
 Corporate                                   5
Equities:
  U.S. equities                             1
  Non-U.S. equities                         1
Common collective equity funds             38  $    63,414        Weekly to annually 5 to 150 days
Hedge funds                                15      239,125        Monthly to annually 30 to 180 days
Private equity                             17    1,781,487                *                  *
Private real assets                         8      515,905                *                  *
                                          100% $ 2,599,931


 * HERS’ liquidity restrictions range from several months to seven plus years for certain private equity
   and private real asset investments depending upon the investment’s fund cycle. Liquidity restrictions
   may apply to all or portions of a particular invested amount.




                                                                                                     18
                        The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements

The Hospital uses various methods of calculating fair value of its financial assets and liabilities, when
applicable. The Hospital defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date
and establishes a framework for measuring fair value. Fair value measurements are applied based on
the unit of account from the Hospital’s perspective. The unit of account determines what is being
measured by reference to the level at which the asset or liability is aggregated (or disaggregated).

The Hospital uses a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The
valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as
of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows:

  Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date
  for identical assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.

  Level 2: Observable inputs that are based on inputs not quoted in active markets but corroborated
  by market data.

  Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value
  hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.

A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. In determining fair value, the Hospital uses
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs to the extent possible and considers non-performance risk in its assessment of
fair value. As described in Note 1, the Hospital records certain investments at fair value based on net
asset value.




                                                                                                          19
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

The following tables present financial instruments carried at fair value, excluding assets invested in
the Pension Plans, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands):


                                                                March 31, 2025
                                                                  (Unaudited)
                                                  Total         Level 1       Level 2        Level 3

Cash and cash equivalents – held for
  investment                              $    121,810 $        121,810 $            – $            –
Fixed income:
  U.S. government                                92,029          92,029              –              –
  Corporate                                         324               –            324              –
Equities:
  U.S. equities(a)                               48,240          48,240              –              –
  Non-U.S. equities(b)                           28,117          28,117              –              –
Mutual funds                                     60,619          60,619              –              –
Investments held by captive insurance
  companies(c)                                 287,756                –       230,548         57,208
                                           $   638,895     $    350,815 $     230,872    $    57,208


                                                               December 31, 2024
                                                                   (Audited)
                                                  Total         Level 1      Level 2         Level 3

Cash and cash equivalents – held for
  investment                               $     81,327    $     81,327 $            – $           –
Fixed income:
  U.S. government                                92,460          92,460              –             –
  Corporate                                         318               –            318             –
Equities:
  U.S. equities(a)                               50,677          50,677              –             –
  Non-U.S. equities(b)                           26,744          26,744              –             –
Mutual funds                                     60,034          60,034              –             –
Investments held by captive insurance
  companies(c)                                 287,756                –       230,548         57,208
                                          $    599,316     $    311,242 $     230,866 $       57,208




                                                                                                   20
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

The Hospital’s investments in common collective equity funds, alternative investments, unitized
investments held by HERS and pooled investments held by Fund, Inc. are reported using the equity
method of accounting and, therefore, are not included in the tables above (see Notes 1 and 4).

Financial instruments invested in the Hospital’s Pension Plans at fair value are classified in the tables
below in one of the three categories described above as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
(in thousands):


                                                                March 31, 2025
                                                                 (Unaudited)

                                                  Total          Level 1         Level 2        Level 3

Cash and cash equivalents                $       33,135     $     33,135     $         –    $          –
Fixed income:
  U.S. government                               218,015         218,015                –               –
Equities:
  U.S. equities(a)                                   65              65                –               –
  Non-U.S. equities(b)                               61              61                –               –
                                                251,276     $   251,276      $         –    $          –

Asset measured at net asset value
   as a practical expedient:
 Common collective equity funds(d)              693,903
 Hedge funds(e)                                 520,750
 Private equity(f)                              656,936
 Private real assets(g)                         406,649
                                         $    2,529,514




                                                                                                      21
                          The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

         Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                         March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

                                                                December 31, 2024
                                                                    (Audited)

                                                   Total         Level 1       Level 2       Level 3

  Cash and cash equivalents                  $   60,306     $     60,306   $        –    $        –
  Fixed income:
    U.S. government                              212,052         212,052            –              –
  Equities:
    U.S. equities(a)                                  98              98            –             –
    Non-U.S. equities(b)                              58              58            –             –
                                                 272,514 $       272,514   $        –    $        –

  Asset measured at net asset value as
     practical expedient:
    Common collective equity funds(d)           708,500
    Hedge funds(e)                              498,938
    Private equity(f)                           655,636
    Private real assets(g)                      408,393
                                            $ 2,543,981


  (a)
        Equity portfolios invested in common stock of corporations primarily domiciled in the United
        States.
  (b)
        Equity portfolios invested in common stock of corporations primarily domiciled outside the
        United States, including emerging market countries.
  (c)
        Investments held by captive insurance companies consist of assets which are pooled with
         other assets maintained by the companies and include investments in marketable securities
         and alternative investments that are recorded by the captive insurance companies at fair
         value based on quoted market prices or other means for the companies’ holdings of
         alternative investments. The Hospital reports an allocation of the fair value of the pooled
         investments in its accompanying consolidated statements of financial position.
  (d)
        Common collective equity funds invested in common stock of corporations domiciled in the
        United States and outside the United States, including emerging market countries.
  (e)
        Hedge funds include long and short equity, multi-strategy, event driven and relative value
        funds invested with managers who invest with different strategies and typically employ some




                                                                                                       22
                          The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

         Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                           March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

        leverage. In long and short equity, fund managers create a portfolio of long positions in stocks
        expected to appreciate over time and short positions in stocks expected to depreciate. Event
        driven managers create a portfolio designed to profit from corporate events, such as mergers,
        spin-offs, defaults and bankruptcy. Relative value managers invest in long and short
        positions, but typically have a more neutral net market position than long and short. Multi-
        strategy is a fund employing a variety of hedge fund strategies.
  (f)
        Private equity investments include limited partnership investments in funds pursuing
        strategies in corporate buyouts, venture capital, growth equity, distressed and turnaround
        investments.
  (g)
        Real estate, infrastructure and natural resources investments.

The following is a description of the Hospital’s valuation methodologies for assets measured at fair
value. The fair value methodologies are not necessarily indicators of investment risk but are descriptive
of the measures used to arrive at fair value pricing. Fair value for Level 1 is based upon quoted market
prices. Investments classified as Level 2 are primarily valued using techniques that are consistent with
the market approach. Valuations for Level 2 are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in
active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and
model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market
or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets. Inputs,
which include broker/dealer quotes, reported/comparable trades, and benchmark yields are obtained
from various sources including market participants, dealers and brokers. Level 3 assets consist of
interests in pooled alternative investments managed by captive insurance companies, the valuation
for alternative investments is described in Note 1. The Pension Plans’ common collective equity funds
and alternative investments are measured at net asset value; the valuation for these alternative
investments is described in Note 1. The methods described above may produce a fair value that is not
indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Hospital
believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use
of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments
could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.




                                                                                                           23
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                       March 31, 2025

5. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

The following is a summary of investments (by major class) that have restrictions on the Hospital’s or
the Hospital’s pension plans ability to redeem its investments at the measurement date, any unfunded
capital commitments and the investments strategies of the investees as of March 31, 2025 (excluding
unitized investments held by HERS and pooled investments held by Fund, Inc.; see Note 4)
(in thousands):

                                                         (Unaudited)
                                                                 Redemption              Redemption
    Description of      March 31, 2025 Unfunded                   Frequency                Notice
      Investment            Value     Commitments           (If Currently Eligible)        Period
Common collective
  equity funds          $   732,169       $         –         Weekly to annually        5 to 150 days
Hedge funds                 522,948            65,064         Monthly to annually      30 to 180 days
Private equity              657,802           315,128                  *                      *
Private real assets         406,674           157,982                  *                      *
                        $ 2,319,593      $    538,174


* Liquidity restrictions range from several months to seven plus years for certain private equity and
  private real asset investments depending upon the investments’ fund cycle. Liquidity restrictions
  may apply to all or portions of a particular invested amount.

6. Commitments and Contingencies

Various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of operations are pending or are in progress
against the Hospital. Such lawsuits and claims are specifically covered by insurance, are addressed
through management-recorded provisions for certain estimated losses based on presently known
information to the extent they are not covered by insurance or are not deemed material.

Litigation pending against the Hospital includes, among other matters, certain cases in which the
Hospital is a defendant involving alleged sexual abuse by a former faculty member of each School or
a physician employed by NYP/Queens. These cases continue to receive media attention. While the
Hospital and the Schools have been named as defendants in each respective case involving a former
faculty member, the Hospital does not necessarily have responsibility or liability for the acts of a
physician employed by one of the Schools.

Additionally, the Hospital and the Schools, as applicable to each School’s respective case, are
presently negotiating certain verifiable claims and evaluating the veracity of other alleged claims
arising from these allegations. Due to the enactment in 2022 of the New York State Adult Survivors
Act (ASA) and the New York City Gender Motivated Violence Act (GMVA), a high volume of claims
related to these matters were filed in late 2023 prior to the end of the lookback period for the ASA
(November 23, 2023). Additional claims were recently filed as the GMVA two-year lookback period,
which began on March 1, 2023, ended on March 1, 2025. The majority of the more recently filed claims
have not been fully evaluated to assess the validity of the claims.


                                                                                                   24
                       The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                        March 31, 2025

6. Commitments and Contingencies (continued)

While the direct financial impact on the Hospital from certain of these matters cannot be determined
at this time, based on presently known information and estimates recorded within the accompanying
financial statements, which reflect the Hospital’s experience with settled claims, advice from the
Hospital’s legal counsel, information provided by attorneys purporting to represent additional
claimants, and the terms of other agreements related to these matters, management believes that any
further loss which may arise from these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the financial
position or results of operations of the Hospital. As these physician matters have developed materially
in recent years, the Hospital has recorded an estimate for potential losses at March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024. The estimates have been developed based on presently known information, as
described above, and considering estimation factors to reflect possible outcomes of contingencies for
the ultimate amount of available insurance or reinsurance, the circumstances that may have an impact
on apportionment of liability, case settlement terms, estimates for claims incurred but not reported,
and other unresolved contingencies. Additional losses in excess of the amount accrued based on
presently known information at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are reasonably possible as
such contingencies are resolved. Accordingly, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded
estimates will change by a material amount in the near term.

Refer to historical disclosure in Note 12 to the audited consolidated financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 for its annual disclosure of other matters involving commitments
and contingencies.

7. Other Revenue

Other revenue consisted of the following for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in
thousands):

                                                                                     March 31,
                                                                              2025               2024

Recurring other revenue                                              $       428,316    $    339,562
FEMA Disaster Relief Fund – operating expenses                                30,068               –
                                                                         $   458,384    $    339,562


8. Subsequent Events

Subsequent events have been evaluated through May 23, 2025, which is the date the unaudited
consolidated financial statements were issued. No events have occurred that require disclosure in or
adjustment to the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        25
                                                                  The New York and Presbyterian Hospital
                                                       Unaudited Consolidating Statement of Financial Position
                                                                     Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
                                                                              (In Thousands)
Unaudited consolidating Information

The following table summarizes the unaudited consolidating statement of financial position at March 31, 2025 (in thousands):


                                                                                Network       NYP Medical       NYP Medical           NYP Community Programs, Inc.
                                                             Obligated Group    Insurance     Group/Brooklyn   Group/Westchester       NYP/Hudson                       Eliminations /
                                                                  NYPH         Company Ltd.      Entities      and Other Entities         Valley        NYP/Queens     Reclassifications   Consolidated
                                                                                                                               (Unaudited)
Assets
Current assets:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
Cash and cash equivalents                                     $     502,916     $     5,200   $       4,003       $      57,153     $      23,551      $      33,082    $             –    $     625,905
Short-term investments                                            2,645,392               –               –                   –            34,378             72,361                  –        2,752,131
Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments           3,148,308           5,200           4,003              57,153            57,929            105,443                  –        3,378,036

Patient accounts receivable – net                                 1,481,430              –          10,367                9,491            54,168            150,094                  –        1,705,550
Other current assets                                                569,419             36           1,024                3,780            15,174            138,994                  –          728,427
Assets limited as to use – current portion                           54,831            643               –                    –                 –              1,135                  –           56,609
Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable
  and related deposits – current portion                             86,442               –               –                   –             4,201             10,720                  –         101,363
Beneficial interest in net assets held by
  related organizations – current portion                            73,141               –              –                    –                 –                  –                 –            73,141
Due from related organizations – net                                507,472               –         43,905                    –                 –                  –         (503,276)            48,101
Loans receivable from Regional Hospitals – current portion            9,327               –              –                    –                 –                  –           (9,327)                 –
Total current assets                                              5,930,370           5,879         59,299               70,424           131,472            406,386         (512,603)         6,091,227

Assets limited as to use – noncurrent                             6,993,846               –              –               18,450            16,920             47,782                 –         7,076,998
Property, buildings and equipment – net                           4,747,393               –         16,977               10,423           167,383            378,604                 –         5,320,780
Operating lease assets                                              389,966               –              –               10,791            28,593             39,526                 –           468,876
Other noncurrent assets – net                                       178,491               –              –                    –             7,733             21,179                 –           207,403
Loans receivable from Regional Hospitals – noncurrent               180,498               –              –                    –                 –                  –         (180,498)                 –
Professional liabilities insurance recoveries receivable
 and related deposits – noncurrent                                  347,470               –               –                   –            19,920             48,247                  –         415,637
Beneficial interest in net assets held by related
 organizations – noncurrent                                     3,051,437                 –              –                    –                 –                  –                 –        3,051,437
Total assets                                                 $ 21,819,471       $     5,879   $     76,276        $     110,088     $     372,021          $ 941,724    $    (693,101)     $ 22,632,358


See accompanying note to supplementary information.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    26
                                                                   The New York and Presbyterian Hospital
                                               Unaudited Consolidating Statement of Financial Position (continued)
                                                                      Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
                                                                               (In Thousands)
     Unaudited consolidating Information (continued)


                                                                                         Network      NYP Medical          NYP Medical     NYP Community Programs, Inc.
                                                                   Obligated Group    Insurance      Group/Brooklyn   Group/Westchester    NYP/Hudson                       Eliminations /
                                                                        NYPH         Company Ltd.       Entities      and Other Entities     Valley          NYP/Queens    Reclassifications   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)
Liabilities and net assets
Current liabilities:
  Long-term debt – current portion                                   $     74,959    $           –    $           –        $          –        $       934   $     1,404    $            –     $      77,297
  Loans payable to NYPH – current portion                                       –                –                –                   –              2,860         6,467           (9,327)                 –
  Operating lease liability – current portion                               42,596               –                –               2,251              3,544         9,545                 –            57,936
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                    823,379             710           16,496              51,819             49,798       134,206               970         1,077,378
  Accrued salaries and related liabilities                                 678,545               –           27,347               7,342             38,483        32,214                 –           783,931
  Postretirement benefit liability – current portion                         3,623               –                –                   –                  –         1,071                 –             4,694
  Professional and other insurance liabilities – current portion           104,705               –                –                   –              4,209        11,564                 –           120,478
  Other current liabilities                                                529,645               –            7,838               2,084                  –             –                 –           539,567
  Due to related organizations – net                                             –               –                –              36,177            110,459       357,610         (504,246)                 –
Total current liabilities                                                2,257,452             710           51,681              99,673            210,287       554,081         (512,603)         2,661,281
Long-term debt                                                           3,749,633               –                –                   –              3,140         2,201                 –         3,754,974
Loans payable to NYPH                                                            –               –                –                   –             31,235       149,263         (180,498)                 –
Operating lease liability                                                  370,682               –                –               8,979             25,304        32,277                 –           437,242
Professional and other insurance liabilities                               851,729             443                –              12,521             28,334        84,410                 –           977,437
Postretirement benefit liability                                            26,630               –                –                   –                  –        15,959                 –            42,589
Other noncurrent liabilities                                               462,585               –              362                 308              9,714        12,432                 –           485,401
Total liabilities                                                        7,718,711           1,153           52,043             121,481            308,014       850,623         (693,101)         8,358,924
Net assets:
  Net assets without donor restrictions                               10,962,506             4,726           24,233             (11,808)            58,124        71,572                 –       11,109,353
  Net assets with donor restrictions                                   3,138,254                 –                –                  415             5,883        19,529                 –        3,164,081
Total net assets                                                      14,100,760             4,726           24,233             (11,393)            64,007        91,101                 –       14,273,434
Total liabilities and net assets                                    $ 21,819,471     $       5,879    $      76,276    $        110,088    $       372,021   $   941,724   $     (693,101)     $ 22,632,358


See accompanying note to supplementary information.


                                                                                                                                                                                                        27
                                                                The New York and Presbyterian Hospital
                                                          Unaudited Consolidating Statement of Operations
                                                                   Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
                                                                            (In Thousands)
Unaudited consolidating Information (continued)


                                                                               Network       NYP Medical        NYP Medical           NYP Community Programs, Inc.
                                                           Obligated Group    Insurance     Group/Brooklyn   Group/Westchester        NYP/Hudson                          Eliminations /
                                                                NYPH         Company Ltd.      Entities      and Other Entities         Valley        NYP/Queens         Reclassifications       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)
Operating revenues
Net patient service revenue                                $    2,514,806    $        –     $      39,748      $        16,514        $     87,252    $    286,663        $              –   $       2,944,983
Other revenue                                                     197,898             –            41,199               13,727               5,098         254,623                (54,161)             458,384
Total operating revenues                                        2,712,704             –            80,947               30,241              92,350         541,286                (54,161)           3,403,367

Operating expenses
Salaries and wages                                              1,222,901             –            52,958               18,773              51,081         162,623                   (129)           1,508,207
Employee benefits                                                 324,462             –            10,025                5,700              13,582          50,413                    (18)             404,164
Supplies and other expenses                                       900,359             –            17,461                5,878              30,756         319,555                (54,014)           1,219,995
Interest expense, net of amortization                              34,475             –                 –                    –                 398           1,134                       –              36,007
Depreciation and amortization                                     133,626             –               551                  362               3,587          10,705                       –             148,831
Total operating expenses                                        2,615,823             –            80,995               30,713              99,404         544,430                (54,161)           3,317,204

Operating income (loss)                                            96,881             –               (48)               (472)             (7,054)          (3,144)                      –              86,163

Investment return, net                                             14,094             –                 48                 366                 525              298                      –              15,331
Expected return on plan assets and other components
    of net periodic pension and postretirement cost                15,450             –                  –                   –                   –            1,333                      –              16,783
 Excess (deficiency) of revenues over expenses                    126,425             –                  –               (106)             (6,529)          (1,513)                      –             118,277

Other changes in net assets without donor restrictions:
 Net assets transfer to related parties                            (3,712)            –                  –                   –                   –                   –                   –              (3,712)
 Other changes in net assets                                           (3)            –                  –               (137)                   –                   –                   –                (140)
 Distributions from New York-Presbyterian
   Fund, Inc. for the purchase of fixed assets                     25,146             –                  –                   –                   –                   –                   –              25,146
 Change in pension and postretirement benefit
   to be recognized in future periods                            (27,531)             –                  –                   –                   –                –                      –            (27,531)
Change in net assets without donor restrictions            $     120,325     $        –     $            –    $          (243)    $        (6,529)   $      (1,513)           $          –   $        112,040

See accompanying note to supplementary information.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                  28
                          The New York and Presbyterian Hospital

             Note to Unaudited Consolidating Supplementary Information
                                           March 31, 2025

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited consolidating financial information includes the accounts of The New York
and Presbyterian Hospital, NYP Community Programs, Inc. and other consolidated entities as described
below. Refer to Note 1 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in the previous section for
additional information regarding the organizational structure, defined terms and reporting entity. The
unaudited consolidating financial information includes columns for the following groups of entities with
related activities based on corporate relationships, geography and/or purpose:

   •   Network Insurance Company Ltd., Bermuda-based captive insurance company.

   •   NYP Medical Group/Brooklyn Entities, consisting of: Kings Physician Services, P.C.; Park
       Slope Medical Service, P.C.; Park Slope Pathology Services, P.C.; Park Slope Physician
       Services, P.C.; Park Slope Obstetrics Gynecology, P.C.; Park Slope Hematology & Oncology,
       P.C.; Park Slope Pediatric Medicine, P.C.; Park Slope Medicine, P.C.; Brooklyn Foot & Ankle,
       P.C.; Park Slope Emergency Physician Services, P.C.; Brooklyn Dental Services, P.C.; Brooklyn
       Radiology Services, P.C.; Park Slope Medical Health Provider, P.C.; and MSO of Kings County,
       LLC.

   •   NYP Medical Group/Westchester and Other Entities, consisting of: Lawrence Medical
       Associates, P.C. (d/b/a NewYork-Presbyterian Medical Group/Westchester); Lawrence Care,
       Inc., the sole corporate member of Lawrence Community Health Services; and NYP Sports
       Performance, LLC.

   •   NYP/Hudson Valley, consisting of: Hudson Valley Hospital Center; The Foundation of
       NYP/Hudson Valley Hospital; Westchester Putnam Health Management System, Inc.;
       Westchester Medical Practice, P.C. (d/b/a NewYork-Presbyterian Medical Group/Hudson
       Valley); Hudson Valley Ventures, Inc.; A.C. Ventures, Inc.; KNOWA Ventures, Inc.; and GI
       Ventures, Inc.

   •   NYP/Queens, consisting of: NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens; New York Queens Medicine and
       Surgery, PC (d/b/a NewYork-Presbyterian Medical Group/Queens); CRT Surgical Associates,
       PC (CRT); and New York Queens Charter Ventures, Inc. CRT is inactive.

The accompanying unaudited financial information has been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements in the previous section include disclosures regarding significant accounting policies.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Net asset
transfers (to) from related parties in the consolidating statement of operations include distributions from
NYPH to Hudson Valley, Queens and other related entities for the purchase of fixed assets.




                                                                                                        29
