UNAUDITED QUARTERLY REPORTS
   For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

                February 13, 2026
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Information as of and for the years ended
                                December 31, 2025 and 2024




                                                                              Page
Summary of Obligations under the Master Trust Indenture
 and Other Credit Arrangements                                                  1

Liquidity Summary                                                               2

RWJ Barnabas Health, Inc. System Overview                                       3

Management’s Discussion and Analysis                                            4-25

Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                     26

Consolidated Statements of Operations                                           27

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets                                28

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                           29

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                      30-39

Note to Consolidated Financial Statements - Obligated Group                     40

Consolidated Balance Sheets – Obligated Group                                   41

Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Changes in Net Assets - Obligated Group                                    42
                                 RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                    Summary of Obligations under the
                           Master Trust Indenture and Other Credit Arrangements

                                               December 31, 2025


Bond Obligations under the Master Trust Indenture

New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority Revenue and Refunding Bonds:

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2024A

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2024B

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2021A

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2019A

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2019B-2 and 2019B-3

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2016A


Taxable/Other Debt:

         RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series 2019

         RWJ Barnabas Health Senior Secured Notes, Series A through D

         RWJ Barnabas Health Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2016


Other Credit Arrangements

   Revolving line of credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the principal amount of $100 million.
    The Corporation may request, and the lender at its discretion can approve, up to an additional $50 million of
    principal. No funds have been drawn down under such credit agreement. Includes a sublimit for letters of credit
    including the self-insured worker’s compensation program. Secured under the Master Trust Indenture.

   Construction loans (combined with grants) from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority under its
    HUD-funded Energy Resilience Bank program for the construction of combined heating and power systems at
    each of Cooperman Barnabas Medical Center, Newark Beth Israel Medical Center, Robert Wood Johnson
    University Hospital Somerset, Jersey City Medical Center, and Trinitas Regional Medical Center, and related
    funding from PSE&G. The aggregate maximum availability of the loans is approximately $24.4 million;
    approximately $23.5 million has been drawn down under the loans.

   The Corporation established a self-liquidity backed commercial paper program which will serve as a source for
    interim liquidity needs. The program is authorized up to $200 million. As December 31, 2025, there was $100
    million of principal outstanding. $50 million matured on January 30, 2026 and the remaining $50 million is
    maturing on February 17, 2026.



                                                         1
                                      RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                               LIQUIDITY SUMMARY
                                                       (In thousands)



ASSETS                                                                                             December 31, 2025

Same Day Liquidity
 Deposit Accounts at A-1 rated Banks                                                           $               85,339
 US Government Securities and Agencies rated A-1 or better maturing under one year                            172,262
 Money Market Funds rated Am or better                                                                        144,705

Next Day Liquidity
 Investment Grade Debt not included above                                                                     608,653
    Identified Same Day and Next Day Liquidity (1)                                             $            1,010,958

LIABILITIES (SELF LIQUIDITY DEBT)

 Commercial Paper Notes (2)                                                                    $               99,340

    Total Debt Subject to Self-Liquidity                                                       $               99,340




  (1) Total unrestricted cash and investments as of December 31, 2025 was $5.3 billion. Certain of these investments

    are excluded from the above liquidity summary as they are not assets pledged for self-liquidity. The Corporation
    also has a $100,000 credit facility in place which includes an accordion feature that allows the Corporation to
    increase the line by an additional $50,000. The credit facility has an expiration date of March 27, 2026. As of
    December 31, 2025, $6,817 of the credit facility was used in the form of standby letters of credit that provide
    liquidity support for the Corporation’s self-insured workers’ compensation and other programs. There was no cash
    drawn under the credit facility during the term.

  (2) The Corporation established a self-liquidity backed commercial paper program which serves as a source for

    interim liquidity needs. The program is authorized up to $200,000. As of December 31 2025, there was $100,000
    of principal outstanding. $50,000 matured on January 30, 2026 and the remaining $50,000 is maturing on February
    17, 2026.




                                                           2
                                                     RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                                            System Overview
                                                           December 31, 2025

                                                                                                                               Licensed
Facility                                                                                      Location                           Beds
Acute Care Hospitals:
Newark Beth Israel Medical Center                                                             Newark                                  653 (1)
Community Medical Center                                                                      Toms River                              617 (2)
Cooperman Barnabas Medical Center                                                             Livingston                              597
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, New Brunswick Campus                                 New Brunswick                           710 (3)
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, Somerset Campus                                      Somerville                              343
Monmouth Medical Center                                                                       Long Branch                             514 (4)
Monmouth Medical Center, Southern Campus                                                      Lakewood                                241 (5)
Clara Maass Medical Center                                                                    Belleville                              472
Jersey City Medical Center                                                                    Jersey City                             352
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Rahway                                                Rahway                                  213
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital at Hamilton                                           Hamilton                                248
Trinitas Regional Medical Center                                                              Elizabeth                               553 (6)
     Total Acute Care Beds                                                                                                          5,513
Transitional Care Beds:
Children's Specialized Hospital                                                               New Brunswick                            159 (7)
Community Medical Center Transitional Care Unit                                               Toms River                                25 (2)
TRMC Hospital-based Long Term Care Facility                                                   Elizabeth                                124 (6)
     Total Transitional Care Beds                                                                                                      308
Specialty Hospitals:
The Children's Hospital of NJ at Newark Beth
  Israel Medical Center                                                                       Newark                                   156 (1)
                                                                                                                                           (5)
Barnabas Health Behavioral Health Center                                                      Toms River                               100
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Children's Hospital at Robert
  Wood Johnson University Hospital                                                            New Brunswick                             79 (3)
The Unterberg Children’s Hospital at Monmouth Medical
  Center                                                                                      Long Branch                               70 (4)
     Total Specialty Hospital Beds                                                                                                     405

(1) Newark Beth Israel Medical Center is licensed for 653 beds, 156 of which are licensed for Children’s Hospital of New Jersey at Newark Beth Israel
    Medical Center. For presentation purposes, these 156 beds are included in the licensed bed complement for both Newark Beth Israel Medical Center and
    it's designated Children's Hospital.

(2) For presentation purposes, the 25 Transitional Care beds located at the general acute care hospital are included in the licensed bed complement for
    Community Medical Center.

(3) Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital is licensed for 710 beds, of which 96 are licensed for the Morris Cancer Center and 79 are licensed for The
    Bristol-Myers Squibb Children's Hospital. For presentation purposes, these 79 beds are included in the licensed bed complement for both Robert Wood
    Johnson University Hospital and its designated Children’s Hospital. Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital has been granted temporary approval
    from the Department of Health to operate an additional 26 neonatal bassinets not included in the count.

(4) Monmouth Medical Center is licensed for 514 beds, 70 of which are licensed for The Unterberg Children’s Hospital at Monmouth Medical Center. For
    presentation purposes, these 70 beds are included in the licensed bed complement for both Monmouth Medical Center and its designated Children’s
    Hospital.
(5) Monmouth Medical Center, Southern Campus is licensed for 241 beds, 60 of which are psychiatric beds located at Barnabas Health Behavioral Health
    Center. For presentation purposes, these 60 beds are included in the licensed bed complements of both Monmouth Medical Center, Southern Campus
    combined with the 40 beds licensed to Barnabas Health Behavioral Health Center.

(6) Trinitas Regional Medical Center is licensed for 553 beds, 124 of which are long term and sub acute care. For presentation purposes, these 124 beds are
    included in the licensed bed complement of Trinitas Regional Medical Center.

(7) These licensed beds represent pediatric long term care and rehabilitation beds. Children’s Specialized Hospital operates at multiple locations in New
    Jersey, including the long term care beds in Mountainside and Toms River, New Jersey.

                                                                             3
                             RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                           (Dollars in thousands)



Our Organization
RWJ Barnabas Health, Inc. (RWJBH or the Corporation) is a New Jersey not-for-profit corporation
exempt from federal and state income taxes. RWJBH operates 12 acute care facilities in eight counties
throughout New Jersey and is the sole corporate member of many other affiliates, primarily not-for-profit
corporations. As the state’s largest and most comprehensive academic health system, we treat six million
patient encounters across seven hundred patient care locations each year. Our 45,000 members and 9,900
physicians are committed to providing the highest quality of patient care, training the next generation of
health care providers and, through our partnership with Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey
(Rutgers) we continue to advance clinical research and cutting-edge therapies.

RWJBH provides an array of health care services, many of which are regionally and nationally
recognized. RWJBH is deeply committed to the vulnerable population, and we play a vital role as part of
New Jersey’s safety net. RWJBH is, by approximately two times, the state’s largest provider of medical
care to those who cannot afford to pay and to beneficiaries of the Medicaid program.

RWJBarnabas Health’s Mission, Vision, and Values
RWJBH is one system, one family committed to being the best place to deliver excellent care. We deliver
clinical excellence with care and compassion and honor and appreciate the privilege of creating and
sustaining healthier communities, one person and one community at a time. We acknowledge the
contributions of our team members and support each other in achieving our greatest potential.

Working together, our patients and families will always receive coordinated and equitable care, without
compromise. We will challenge ourselves to collaborate and bring together our collective knowledge and
talent to achieve world-class outcomes. We will celebrate our diversity and approach each day with a
spirit of possibility and optimism.

At the core of the RWJBH mission is the evolution of the enterprise from a “health care” company to an
organization dedicated to health – “Let’s Be Healthy Together.” Our Mission, Vision and Values
statements were created to continue to drive the enterprise forward.

Our Mission
We are an academic health system, partnering with our communities to build and sustain
a healthier New Jersey.

Our Vision
RWJBH will be the premier health care destination providing patient-centered, high-quality academic
medicine in a compassionate and equitable manner, while delivering a best-in-class work experience to
every member of the team.

Our Values
Accountability: An acceptance of responsibility for honest and ethical conduct towards others.
Compassion: Sympathetic concern for the sufferings or misfortunes of others.
Curiosity: A strong desire to know or learn something.
Empathy: The ability to understand and share the feelings of another.
Excellence: The quality of being outstanding or extremely good.

                                                     4
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

Kindness: The quality of being friendly, generous and considerate.
Respect: A feeling of deep admiration for someone or something elicited
by their abilities, qualities or achievements.
Teamwork: The combined action of a group of people, especially
when effective and efficient.

Affiliation with Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey - Realizing our
Academic Vision
Through its transformative relationship with Rutgers, including Rutgers’ two medical schools and
schools of nursing, dentistry, pharmacy, allied health professions, public health and biomedical sciences,
the Corporation has dedicated more than $1 billion to increase access to groundbreaking clinical trials
and innovative medical care. Through the execution of a Master Affiliation Agreement (MAA) in 2018,
RWJBH and Rutgers aligned in their mutual support of the educational, research, and clinical missions
of an academic health system. RWJBH works with Rutgers’ Robert Wood Johnson Medical School
(RWJMS) and New Jersey Medical School to train and educate more than 1,800 medical residents,
interns, and fellows throughout the Corporation’s hospitals each year, who will become the healthcare
providers that will take care of the next generation.

The affiliation also includes the Cancer Institute of New Jersey (CINJ) and the Rutgers Institute for
Translational Medicine and Science, a recipient of the National Institute of Health’s Clinical Translational
Science Award distinguishing the partnership as only one of a small group of institutions with access to
clinical studies in both oncology and non-oncology.

Key Service Lines
RWJBH occupies the top, or near top, spot in State-wide markets in essentially all major service lines
including behavioral health, cardiovascular, oncology, neurosciences, orthopedics, primary care, and
women and children’s services (as measured by a percentage of inpatient admissions using the most
currently available data). The Corporation provides a full continuum of care through its hospitals,
controlled affiliates and joint venture partners and its strategy is to integrate patient experience across care
locations using a service line approach. Each major service line has a dyad partnership with a clinical and
an operational leader working together, designed to ensure the patient’s journey is connected from
physician offices to ambulatory facilities and acute care hospitals. Below are highlights of two of our key
service lines.

Oncology Service Line

The centerpiece of RWJBH’s Oncology service line is CINJ. CINJ is one of a small group of
comprehensive cancer centers in the U.S. designated by the National Cancer Institute and the only one in
the State. The National Cancer Institute’s Comprehensive Cancer Center designation is competitively
awarded to centers characterized by their scientific leadership, resources, and a track record of research
discoveries in basic, clinical, and population-based science. Designated centers must meet rigorous
criteria in the areas of clinical care, research, prevention, and education, as well as demonstrate a
substantial transdisciplinary approach that integrates each discipline-specific scientific area into one
coordinated and comprehensive effort in the fight against cancer.

The service line integrates CINJ with all RWJBH programs to form the leading provider of cancer
services in New Jersey, treating more than 11,000 new patients each year. The Oncology service line
promotes adherence to evidenced based clinical pathways at all care locations through a common clinical

                                                       5
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

information system and integrated clinical leadership. The service line operates a call center and
navigation program allowing patients to access locally based programs for routine treatment and
connectivity to a network of sub-specialist and researchers providing access to advanced care. The service
line is dedicated to research and education with a statewide clinical trials network and fifteen fellowship
programs and is focused on promoting patient access with programs like Screen NJ that brings services to
vulnerable populations. In November 2025, CINJ and RWJBH announced landmark data showing long-
term complete response of T Cell therapies for HPV-related cancers which was recently presented at the
Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Annual Meeting. These findings from two
human papillomavirus (HPV)-related cancer studies highlight the potential of novel T cell therapies to
achieve long-lasting remission and complete tumor regression in patients with advanced HPV-related
cancers. This research demonstrates CINJ and RWJBH's commitment to clinical research.

The partnership with CINJ creates a unique platform for recruitment of leading physicians and
researchers. The program’s approach includes partnering with physicians to identify care gaps, create
alignment models, improve access and outcomes, and bring leading-edge technology to the community.
As part of its strategic plan for oncology care in New Jersey, RWJBH is making significant investments
in cancer facilities, technology, and physician recruitment across multiple markets. Most notable in the
plans for expansion of cancer treatment, education and research is the Jack and Sheryl Morris Cancer
Center in New Brunswick, which is New Jersey’s first freestanding cancer hospital. This premier facility
opened May 13, 2025. The Melchiorre Cancer Center at Cooperman Barnabas Medical Center (CBMC),
slated to open in the spring of 2026, will serve as the northern hub for the integrated oncology services
offered by RWJBH and CINJ. The Vogel Medical Campus Specialty and Cancer Care Center at
Monmouth Medical Center (MMC), is slated to open in the first quarter of 2027 and will serve as the
southern hub. These innovative care models are transforming the delivery of cancer services across our
state; bringing groundbreaking discoveries, clinical research and expertise from CINJ to patients close to
home.

Cardiovascular Service Line

RWJBH has been at the forefront of heart and vascular innovation, pioneering advanced techniques that
have reshaped the field. Recognized nationally for excellence in cardiovascular care, the Heart and
Vascular service line exemplifies an integrated, system-wide approach to managing cardiovascular health.
The service line spans 12 acute care hospitals, 100 ambulatory sites and includes more than 30 cardiac
catheterization labs with a wide range of diagnostic and imaging technologies. With more than 500
cardiologists, vascular surgeons, and cardiac surgeons, RWJBH is New Jersey’s leading provider of
cardiovascular care and supports one of the nation’s largest cardiac amyloidosis programs.

In January 2026, Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital (RWJUH) in partnership with RWJMS,
earned The Joint Commission’s (TJC) Gold Seal of Approval® as a Comprehensive Cardiac Center
(CCC) and the American Heart Association’s (AHA) Heart-Check Mark for Disease-Specific
Certification. It is the first program in New Jersey to achieve this highest level of certification from TJC
and the 26th in the United States to hold it currently.

The CCC designation is given to hospitals that are the ultimate hub of the cardiac system of care. They
deliver care for every touch point and for every cardiovascular disorder in the cardiac care continuum.
Certified centers are at the forefront of emerging science to not only diagnose but improve the quality of
life for patients.

The AHA Heart-Check Mark for acute care facilities signifies that a hospital meets rigorous standards for
heart and stroke care, demonstrating commitment to quality, evidence-based practices, and improved
patient outcomes in areas like heart failure, heart attack, and stroke. This mark, often displayed alongside

                                                      6
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

TJC’s Gold Seal, assures patients they are choosing a provider dedicated to specialized, coordinated care,
using guidelines from organizations like the AHA and American Stroke Association.

“Our achievement as the first CCC in New Jersey is the direct result of our team’s dedication to providing
the complete spectrum of heart and vascular services, as well as the highest-quality, patient-centered
care,” says Alan Lee, president, RWJUH. “This designation is possible thanks to our partnership with
physician leaders at RWJMS, elite nursing and ancillary clinical professionals, and our close
collaboration with community physicians that has always been the hallmark of our academic medical
center. It reflects our multidisciplinary team’s commitment to excellence across highly advanced cardiac
specialty services, technology and research that only a handful of university-based programs can deliver
nationwide. I am proud of this team and their service to New Jerseyans.”

The Heart and Vascular service line is home to New Jersey’s only heart transplant program and one of the
top ten programs in the nation. RWJBH operates two transplant centers in Newark and New Brunswick
that have collectively performed more than 1,450 heart transplants. These centers are also leaders in heart
failure interventions, including the use of left ventricular assist devices (LVADs) and remote monitoring
for high-risk patients. RWJBH’s four cardiac surgical centers—CBMC, RWJUH, Newark Beth Israel
Medical Center (NBIMC), and Jersey City Medical Center (JCMC)—are each recognized for excellence
in cardiac surgery and collectively perform the most cardiac surgeries in New Jersey.

The structural heart program at RWJBH is also the largest in the region, leading in minimally invasive
valve repair and stroke-risk reduction through left atrial appendage occlusion. These accomplishments
reflect a sustained commitment to clinical excellence, innovation, and collaboration.

In partnership with RWJMS, RWJBH trains future cardiovascular specialists, supporting more than 75
fellows across cardiology, cardiac surgery, and vascular surgery programs. The service line also leads the
state in cardiovascular research, producing more than 300 publications annually. Its innovation ecosystem
– developed in collaboration with Rutgers and SciTech Scity – unites engineers, imagers, and clinicians to
advance artificial intelligence, imaging, and digital health technologies. RWJBH’s internationally
recognized investigators rank among the top 1% of U.S. physicians and receive support from the National
Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Science Foundation, and industry partners. Recent
advances include wrist-worn sensors for early detection of myocardial infarction, pocket ultrasound
devices to reduce heart failure hospitalizations, and AI-driven ECG models for diagnosing structural heart
diseases.

These innovations underscore RWJBH’s strategic focus on technology driven, patient-centered care. The
implementation of the Epic electronic medical record system has significantly improved clinical decision-
making, patient safety, and care coordination. Initiatives such as automated alerts in critical care settings
have reduced complications and improved outcomes.

RWJBH’s Heart and Vascular service line exemplifies excellence in clinical care, innovation, research,
and community impact, making it an essential pillar of New Jersey’s health and wellbeing. In 2024, the
service line provided charity care to more than 10,000 patients, underscoring RWJBH’s mission to serve
all communities with excellence and compassion.

Outpatient Strategy
RWJBH continues to diversify and focus on building and expanding outpatient and ambulatory centers to
provide accessible, coordinated care closer to patients’ homes. RWJBH emphasizes integrating physician
offices, ambulatory sites, and hospitals under a full continuum of care. The Corporation has been
investing in new multi-specialty ambulatory hubs with the goal of centralizing services in convenient,
community-based locations.

                                                      7
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

In March 2025, RWJBH opened a 15-story Ambulatory Medical Pavilion in New Brunswick. The facility
uses the latest in medical space design and construction to optimize patient comfort and maximize
efficiency for the medical teams. Specialties and services include an audiology center, treatment of ear,
nose and throat conditions, cardiology and cardiac and vascular surgery treatment services, a colorectal
center, gastroenterology multispecialty clinic, neurology and neurophysiology and stroke centers, plastics
and reconstructive surgery and a speech pathology center. The facility is located on the RWJUH campus
and houses specialists from Rutgers Health.

In September 2025, RWJBH opened a new, multi-specialty ambulatory care facility in Old Bridge.
Residents from Old Bridge and surrounding communities have access to multi-specialty services in a
72,000-square-foot, three-story building, staffed with providers from RWJBarnabas Health Medical Group,
Rutgers Health, and Family First Urgent Care. These services include urgent care, heart and vascular
services, GI/digestive health, general surgery, endocrinology, neurosciences, and primary care.

Staffing
The Corporation is facing industry-wide shortages in certain clinical specialties, leading to higher labor
costs and increased investments in employee retention programs. Recognizing that success hinges on the
dedication of its employees, including nurses and physicians, the Corporation is committed to investing in
its workforce. With rising healthcare demand both statewide and nationally, nurses are particularly in high
demand but short supply. To address this, RWJBH has refined its hiring processes to quickly attract top
nursing talent and stabilize its workforce. This includes nurse retention initiatives focused on professional
development through enhanced tuition assistance, flexible work schedules for better work/life balance,
and offering retention and sign-on bonuses. Additionally, the Corporation has improved its benefit plans,
increasing employer contributions to retirement plans and standardizing paid time off to remain
competitive. A new market-leading parental leave benefit has also been introduced. These improvements
fall under the Corporation's Total Wellbeing Promise, enhancing its brand competitiveness and
employment package. The strategy aims to maintain a top-tier position in a competitive compensation
market and remain a leader in the communities served.

Union Labor Force
On December 15, 2023, the United Steel Workers Local 4-200 (USW) at RWJUH ratified a new, three-
year collective bargaining contract, expiring June 30, 2026. During 2024, the Corporation also concluded
successful negotiations with the registered nurses at CBMC, represented by the New Jersey Nurses Union
CWA Local 1091, without work stoppages. The current contract expires in November 2026. Additionally,
JCMC negotiated a two-year agreement with the United Nurses Organization, which expired January 31,
2026 and is actively being negotiated. The RWJUH and CBMC contracts are currently being reviewed for
renegotiation during 2026.

RWJBarnabas Health School of Nursing
Earlier this year, RWJBH announced the renaming of RWJBarnabas Health Trinitas School of Nursing in
Elizabeth, New Jersey to RWJBarnabas Health School of Nursing (School of Nursing) in support of an
expansion to a second location in Oceanport, New Jersey. The nursing program currently offered in
Elizabeth, through a partnership with Union College of Union County, will continue at the School of
Nursing. The Registered Nurse program will now be offered at both locations while the LPN to RN
program will continue to be offered at the Elizabeth location.




                                                     8
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

The new Oceanport campus, located at Fort Monmouth, officially opened on October 7, 2025, and is a
state-of-the-art facility offering experienced faculty and hands-on training opportunities while allowing
RWJBH to provide greater educational opportunities to more students – particularly those in the
Corporation’s southern region. This is a significant milestone that reflects RWJBH’s continuing
commitment to excellence in nursing education and to educating and empowering the next generation of
compassionate, skilled nurses throughout New Jersey. This expansion will proactively address the
growing nursing shortage and will provide a pipeline of skilled nurses to RWJBH and to the State.

Social Initiatives
RWJBH continues to address New Jersey’s most pressing social determinants of health by implementing
programs and infrastructure aimed at expanding access to care and improving community health beyond
traditional medical care. The Corporation’s community investment includes the following:

•   Fighting food insecurity through increased access to healthy food and nutrition education. These
    initiatives include Harvest: A Farm to Community Center in Newark which is an 8,000-square-foot
    food hub; Chef’s Brigade in Newark which embeds seven chefs across 71 Newark public schools to
    nutritionally enhance meals and provide staff training; and Food Farmacies in Middlesex, Hudson,
    and Essex counties that provide healthy food pantries and nutrition counseling.

•   Increased and improved access to health care through the Community Health Worker (CHW)
    Program in eight counties of New Jersey. CHW’s follow patients for a minimum of 120 days to assist
    community members and ensure access to care through assistance with appointments, transportation,
    food, housing resources and more. Other initiatives also include the Essex County Pediatric Mobile
    Health Clinic, cost-free transportation, Federally Qualified Health Centers, Newark Alliance Intensive
    Mobile Health Team and University Hospital Partnership.

•   As an anchor institution, RWJBH works with local vendors throughout nine counties to promote
    economic growth in the communities we serve. RWJBH creates jobs and career paths inside and
    outside the Corporation for members of our local communities. RWJBH supports the Newark Asset
    Building Coalition and the United Way of Greater Newark in their efforts to address poverty in
    Newark. The Corporation continues to support Asset Limited Income Constrained, Employed
    (ALICE) neighborhoods through employment and training opportunities.

Credit Ratings
In July 2025, S&P affirmed its AA- long-term rating with a stable outlook. S&P notes that “the rating
reflects the broad geographic coverage in northeastern New Jersey as one of the leading healthcare
systems in the state. The stable outlook reflects the strengthening and increasingly diverse enterprise
profile spurred by clinical growth, mergers, joint ventures, and the academic affiliation with Rutgers
University.” S&P has also assigned an A-1+ rating for the short-term liquidity program, the highest rating
that could be assigned.

In August 2025, Moody’s affirmed its A1 credit rating with a stable outlook. The A1 affirmation reflects
“the Corporation’s extensive statewide coverage, academic partnership with Rutgers University, and
status as New Jersey’s only NCI-designated cancer center—key differentiators in competitive markets.”
Simultaneously, Moody’s affirmed its P-1 short-term liquidity rating, the highest rating that could be
assigned. This rating “reflects the long-term A1 rating, the organization’s strong treasury management,
sufficiency of assets, and adequacy of the notification and liquidation procedures of the program that
allow for repayment of notes upon maturity or failed remarketing.”

                                                    9
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025




Epic Implementation
In order to accomplish the goals of its strategic plan, the Corporation recognized the need to strengthen its
core competencies in technology, analytics, and innovation by establishing a unified operating model to
drive standardization, continuous quality improvement and cost reductions across the entire system. A
key component of this was to deploy an integrated Electronic Health Record with supporting revenue
cycle, data analytics and consumer-facing digital capabilities. After a thorough review of the marketplace,
the Epic suite of products was chosen to achieve these goals.

The launch of this sweeping initiative, “Epic Together,” formally commenced on January 29, 2020 with
simultaneous kick-off events held throughout RWJBH and across key Rutgers campuses. In order to build
the Epic system, 3,330 subject matter experts, nurses, physicians, pharmacists, medical school staff at
Rutgers and a myriad of other stakeholders throughout the Corporation were identified and assembled
into 62 discipline-specific workgroups and councils.

On September 28, 2024, the Corporation completed the final wave of the Epic Together project with the
activation of Trinitas Regional Medical Center (TRMC), Children’s Specialized Hospital (CSH) and
University Behavioral Health Center at Rutgers. The goal that was set in March 2019, to have one unified
electronic health record throughout the health system, has been completed.

Over the course of our Epic journey, RWJBH achieved Epic Gold Star Level 10 for a fourth consecutive
year placing the Corporation in the top 1% of all Epic customers in the world. In addition, RWJBH earned
12 out of 19 possible gold, silver and bronze awards from The Epic Trophies Program in revenue-based
categories such as Hospital Billing, Professional Billing, Claims Denial and Automation, placing us in the
top 5% for revenue cycle of Epic customers worldwide. The Corporation continues to enhance its use of
Epic and has completed more than 27,000 optimizations over the course of the project.

Awards and Distinctions
RWJBH is the largest, most comprehensive academic health care system in New Jersey, having received
many national and regional recognitions, including:

                                               OVERALL
                                                     In 2024, ten RWJBH facilities were recognized as
                                                     “Leaders in LGBTQ Healthcare Equality” by the
                                                     Human Rights Campaign Foundation – the
                                                     educational arm of America's largest civil rights
                                                     organization – recognizing healthcare institutions
                                                     that are leaders in efforts to offer equitable care to
                                                     LGBTQ+ patients by evaluating inclusive policies
                                                     and practices related to LGBTQ patients, visitors and
                                                     employees.




                                                     10
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025


                                   In 2025, RWJBH was recognized for its continued
                                   leadership and excellence in advancing digital health
                                   in CHIME Healthcare’s 2025 Most Wired Survey.
                                   RWJBH were ranked as a Level 9 Acute
                                   Organization, while RWJBH Medical Group was
                                   ranked as a Level 9 Ambulatory Organization This
                                   level indicates successful implementation of state-of-
                                   the-art technologies in innovative ways that advance
                                   the level of care across patient touchpoints

                                QUALITY
                                   Several practices within the RWJBH Medical Group
                                   and Rutgers received the National Committee for
                                   Quality Assurance Patient-Centered Medical Home
                                   Recognition, which emphasizes the use of
                                   systematic, patient-centered, coordinated care that
                                   supports access, communication and patient
                                   involvement.

                                   Numerous facilities received the Gold Seal of
                                   Approval by the Joint Commission for various
                                   programs including joint replacement; disease-
                                   specific certifications in Health Care Equity, hip
                                   fracture, Ventricular Assist Device (VAD), spine
                                   surgery, acute coronary syndrome, cardiac
                                   rehabilitation, and heart failure; advanced
                                   certification in palliative care, bariatric surgery, and
                                   stroke program.

                                   RWJBH children’s hospitals were named among the
                                   nation’s Best Children’s Hospitals for 2025-2026 by
                                   U.S. News & World Report for urology for the third
                                   consecutive year. The Urology ranking recognizes a
                                   four-hospital practice that is based at BMSCH but
                                   that also provides care at three other RWJBH
                                   hospitals – with Children’s Hospital of New Jersey at
                                   NBIMC, McMullen Children’s Center at CBMC,
                                   and Unterberg Children’s Hospital at MMC.
                                   Additionally, BMSCH was ranked #2 in NJ and #15
                                   in the Mid-Atlantic Region. The Bristol-Myers
                                   Squibb Children’s Hospital for 2024 – 2025 at
                                   RWJUH (BMSCH) ranked #34 nationally for
                                   orthopedics.
                                   In 2024, ten RWJBH facilities were awarded Gold
                                   recognition for their Antimicrobial Stewardship
                                   Programs from the New Jersey Department of
                                   Health; MMC has continued to receive Gold since
                                   the establishment of the awards program in 2019.



                                   11
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

                                   In 2026, CBMC and RWJUH Somerset were named
                                   to Healthgrades annual list of America’s Best
                                   Hospitals for 2026. CMBC earned a spot on the
                                   America’s 100 Best Hospitals list for the first time,
                                   placing it in the top 2% of hospitals in the nation for
                                   overall clinical performance, while RWJUH
                                   Somerset was included on America’s 250 Best
                                   Hospitals list, which represents those in the top 5th
                                   percentile, for the third year in a row. In addition to
                                   the overall rankings, both hospitals received high
                                   marks for specialized care including cardiac care,
                                   pulmonary care, stroke care, critical care,
                                   gastrointestinal surgery and neurosciences. CBMC
                                   was also recognized for its treatment of GI Bleeds.

                                   In November 2025, seven RWJBH facilities were
                                   awarded “A” for a Hospital Safety Score including
                                   CMC, MMC, MMCSC, RWJUH Hamilton, Robert
                                   Wood Johnson University Hospital Rahway,
                                   RWJUH Somerset and TRMC. Clara Maas Medical
                                   Center, CBMC, JCMC, and RWJUH each received a
                                   “B” grade. In December 2025, MMC was named a
                                   Top Teaching Hospital by The Leapfrog Group for a
                                   fourth time. Performance across many areas of
                                   hospital care is considered in establishing the
                                   qualifications for the award, including infection
                                   rates, maternity care, and the hospital’s capacity to
                                   prevent medication errors.

                                   Six RWJBH facilities have achieved Magnet
                                   recognition for excellence in nursing. RWJUH
                                   received this recognition six consecutive times –
                                   making it one of only seven institutions globally to
                                   achieve this distinction. In 2024, MMC became the
                                   first hospital in New Jersey and the 11th in the
                                   country to earn Magnet with Distinction.




                                   12
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025


                                   In the U.S. News & World Report 2025-2026 Best
                                   Hospitals edition, RWJUH and CBMC were both
                                   recognized as Best Regional Hospitals ranking in the
                                   top ten in NJ and in the top 25 in the Mid-Atlantic
                                   Region. RWJUH was ranked #4 in NJ and #17 in the
                                   region while CBMC was ranked #8 in NJ and #23 in
                                   the region. RWJUH and RWJUH Somerset each
                                   received High Performing Specialty awards.
                                   RWJUH achieved two new High Performing
                                   Specialty awards for Orthopedics and Urology, and,
                                   in partnership with CINJ, earned another High
                                   Performing Specialty rating for Cancer. RWJUH
                                   Somerset also achieved a High Performing Specialty
                                   rating for Orthopedics.
                                   Seven RWJBH hospitals including CBMC,
                                   Community Medical Center (CMC), JCMC, MMC,
                                   NBIMC, RWJUH and RWJUH Somerset were each
                                   recognized as High Performing for Common Adult
                                   Procedures and Conditions
                                   Seven RWJBH facilities have been recognized
                                   among the 2026 Best Hospitals for Maternity Care,
                                   including JCMC, CMC, MMC, NBIMC, RWJUH,
                                   RWJUH Somerset and TRMC. The prestigious list
                                   identifies hospitals that provide high-quality
                                   maternity care for uncomplicated pregnancies.


                                   In 2025, RWJBH was awarded with two Human
                                   Experience (HX) Awards from Press Ganey, the
                                   global leader in healthcare experience solutions and
                                   services. MMCSC received a Press Ganey Human
                                   Experience (HX) Guardian of Excellence Award®
                                   for exceptional physician experience in acute care.
                                   CBMC was awarded Press Ganey’s Pinnacle of
                                   Excellence Award® for excellent patient experience
                                   in the facility’s NICU. In 2024, RWJUH has been
                                   honored with the HX NDNQI® Award for
                                   Outstanding Nursing Quality® and is one of just
                                   seven academic medical centers in the country to be
                                   honored by Press Ganey for outstanding nursing
                                   quality and fostering a culture rooted in improving
                                   patient safety and care.




                                   13
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

                                   CSH has been recognized on Newsweek’s 2026 list
                                   of World’s Best Specialized Hospitals for the fifth
                                   consecutive year. MMC and RWJUH have also been
                                   included in Newsweek’s list of America’s Best-In-
                                   State Hospitals for 2026. In 2025, MMC was named
                                   by Newsweek as one of the World’s Best Hospitals
                                   for the fourth consecutive year. In addition, RWJUH
                                   also received Newsweek America’s Best award for
                                   Ambulatory Surgery Centers in New Jersey in 2024
                                   for the third consecutive year.



                                   In 2025, RWJBH was awarded Accreditation with
                                   Distinction from the American Nurses Credentialing
                                   Center’s (ANCC) Practice Transition Accreditation
                                   Program® (PTAP®). This prestigious designation
                                   recognizes the health system’s nurse residency
                                   program as a national leader in supporting new
                                   graduate nurses as they transition into professional
                                   practice.

                            SPECIALTY CARE
                                   CINJ, together with RWJBH, is New Jersey’s only
                                   National Cancer Institute (NCI) - designated
                                   Comprehensive Care Center –recognized for its
                                   clinical and scientific research leadership.


                                   In 2024, cancer programs at several RWJBarnabas
                                   Health facilities, in partnership with CINJ, were
                                   granted Three-Year Accreditation from the
                                   American College of Surgeons Commission on
                                   Cancer (CoC). Facilities that received this
                                   accreditation include JCMC, CMC, RWJUH
                                   Somerset, MMCSC, and RWJUH Hamilton.


                                   In 2025, five RWJBH facilities received recognition
                                   for stroke care, earning a spot on the American Heart
                                   Association’s Get With The Guidelines® - Stroke
                                   Gold Plus quality achievement award, for their
                                   commitment to ensuring stroke patients receive the
                                   most appropriate treatment according to nationally
                                   recognized, research-based guidelines, ultimately
                                   leading to more lives saved and reduced disability.
                                   These facilities include CBMC, JCMC, RWJUH,
                                   RWJUH Somerset and CMC.




                                   14
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

                                   In 2024, RWJBH Mobile Health received the
                                   American Heart Association’s Mission Lifeline EMS
                                   Gold Award in 2024. This award is given to an elite
                                   group of prehospital providers for their commitment
                                   and success in implementing a higher standard of
                                   care, ensuring that individuals experiencing a heart
                                   attack or stroke receive treatment according to the
                                   latest nationally accepted evidence-based guidelines.


                                   In 2025, RWJBH received a second advanced
                                   comprehensive stroke program certification from
                                   The Joint Commission (TJC). CBMC has earned its
                                   first Gold Seal of Approval for Advanced
                                   Certification in Comprehensive Stroke Center, a
                                   symbol of quality that reflects a healthcare
                                   organization’s commitment to providing safe and
                                   quality patient care. Offered in collaboration with the
                                   American Heart Association/American Stroke
                                   Association, achieving Comprehensive Stroke
                                   Center (CSC) Certification shows the hospital’s
                                   dedication to raising the bar for performance. It is the
                                   highest level of certification for hospitals with
                                   specific abilities to receive and treat the most
                                   complex stroke cases.

                              WORKFORCE
                                   In 2025, RWJBH was recognized by Newsweek as
                                   America's Greatest Workplaces. RWJBH was also
                                   recognized by Newsweek as one of:

                                        •   America’s Greatest Workplaces for
                                            Diversity for the second consecutive year
                                        •   America’s Greatest Workplaces for Women
                                        •   America’s Greatest Workplaces for Mental
                                            Wellbeing
                                        •   America’s Greatest Workplaces for Patients
                                            and Families
                                   RWJBH has been named one of the 2025 Best
                                   Places to Work for People with Disabilities,
                                   achieving top scores on the 2025 Disability Equality
                                   Index®. The Disability Equality Index is the world’s
                                   most comprehensive benchmarking tool for Fortune
                                   100 companies and fortune 500 companies to
                                   measure disability workplace inclusion within their
                                   organization and to assess performance across
                                   industry sectors.




                                   15
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

                                                     RWJBH is a CEO Cancer Gold Standard employer,
                                                     an accreditation awarded by the CEO Roundtable on
                                                     Cancer, for its dedication and commitment to
                                                     maintaining a high standard of excellence in cancer
                                                     prevention, early detection, and quality care for its
                                                     employees and families.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Recent Financial Performance
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Recent Financial Performance is based upon the consolidated
financial results of the Corporation since the members of the Corporation’s Obligated Group represent
87% of the total consolidated assets and 80% of the total consolidated operating revenues as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the discussion below includes the financial results of
entities that are not members of the Obligated Group.

New Jersey Medicaid County Option Program
In November 2018, New Jersey (the State) P.L.2018, c.136 established the County Option Hospital Fee
Program (County Option Program) to increase financial resources provided to hospitals through the State’s
Medicaid Program. The State’s regulatory framework for the program operates under the New Jersey
Department of Human Services. Federal approval from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(CMS) is required for each state fiscal year through an annual submission of preprints (specifically 42 CFR
438.6(c) proposal preprints) to ensure that the provider payment arrangements meet Federal
regulations. The State has received federal approval and has been executing the County Option Program
from inception on July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2025. The preprint for the current period of July 1, 2025 to June
30, 2026 was submitted to CMS in April 2025 and remains with CMS for final approval, which is
anticipated to be forthcoming. The Corporation has recorded an estimated net benefit of $286,991 for the
program period July 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 for the six counties it participated in through June 30,
2025. This amount represents the preprint amount that is pending with CMS.

Financial Highlights
The following table summarizes key operating performance results for the years ended December 31, 2025
and 2024 as compared to the S&P benchmark:

                                                 Years ended December 31,                   S&P
                                                  2025            2024                       AA-
        Operating revenue                    $    11,036,784            9,566,595            5,934,089
        Operating income                             708,886              290,665               92,296
        Operating margin                                6.4%                 3.0%                 2.3%
        Operating cash flow                        1,213,285              742,515                 N/A
        Operating cash flow margin                     11.0%                 7.8%                 7.5%
        Excess of revenue margin                       11.8%                 7.6%                 5.3%




                                                    16
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

The following table summarizes overall performance ratios as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 as compared
to the S&P benchmark:

                                               Years ended December 31,                   S&P
                                                2025            2024                       AA-

        Unrestricted Cash and Investments $       5,289,241           4,457,285            3,836,300
        Days cash on hand                             194.4               182.8                 246.7
        Total outstanding long-term debt          3,372,786           3,426,097            1,415,712
        Unrestricted cash to debt                    156.8%              130.1%               242.7%
        Debt to capitalization                        30.9%               36.8%                23.3%
        Debt service coverage ratio                     7.5x                6.0x                 5.6x

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s total operating income and operating margin
were $708,886 and 6.4%, respectively, compared to the operating income and operating margin of
$290,665 and 3.0% for year ended December 31, 2024. Total operating revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2025 grew by $1,470,189 or 15.4% compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, while
operating expenses, increased by $1,051,968 or 11.3% during the same period.

Overall, patient service revenue of $10,239,083 exceeded 2024 by $1,378,534 or 15.6%. The increase
was due to growth in acute care inpatient (including the Country Option Program) and outpatient revenue
and professional billing revenue. Other operating revenue increased by $91,655 or 13.0% due to
pharmacy sales, earnings in unconsolidated joint ventures and net assets released from restriction. For
additional information, refer to the Operating Revenue and Volume discussion.

The increase in operating expenses of $1,051,968 or 11.3% was driven by increased salaries and
employee benefits due to additional full time equivalent employees and annual salary increases. Physician
fees and salaries, supplies, other expenses (including the County Option Program), interest and
depreciation also exceeded prior year. For additional information, refer to the Operating Expenses
discussion.

The Corporation’s excess of revenues over expenses (EROE) and EROE margin for the year ended
December 31, 2025 were $1,383,669 and 11.8%, respectively, compared to $764,538 and 7.6% for the
year ended December 31, 2024. Income from operations contributed to the favorable variance to prior
year by $418,221. The increase in EROE was also driven by investment income which was higher than
prior year by $195,769. For additional information, refer to the Nonoperating Gains and Losses
discussion.




                                                   17
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025


Operating Revenue and Volume
The following table presents consolidated operating revenue and select volume statistics for the years
ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                                    2025            2024
        Operating Revenue:
        Inpatient patient service revenue                      $      5,214,085              4,514,526
        Outpatient patient service revenue                            3,524,747              3,049,227
        Professional billing revenue                                  1,415,073              1,163,950
        State of NJ subsidy revenue                                      85,178                132,846
        Total patient service revenue                                10,239,083              8,860,549
        Other operating revenue                                         797,701                706,046
        Total operating revenue                               $      11,036,784              9,566,595
        Volume & utilization statistics:
        Acute care licensed beds                                          5,513                  5,441
        Average acute care beds in service                                4,634                  4,335
        Acute care occupancy based on beds in service                     70.9%                  75.0%
        Acute care length of stay                                          5.33                   5.43
        Acute care admissions                                           224,203                221,434
        COVID-19 positive admissions                                      2,341                  3,478
        Adult and pediatric admissions                                  155,163                152,769
        Newborn and NICU admissions                                      24,949                 25,582
        Maternity and obstetric cases                                    25,636                 26,328
        Patient days                                                  1,199,983              1,189,656
        Same day surgery cases                                           76,022                 71,274
        Emergency room visits (excl. admits)                            695,137                687,585
        Observations                                                    128,998                148,676
        Psychiatric hospital inpatient admissions                         1,077                  1,070




                                                    18
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

Acute Care payor mix, based on patient days, for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 is
presented below:

                                                         Patient Days
        Payor Mix                                    2025             2024

        Medicare                                           24.8%            25.0%
        Medicaid                                            6.0%             8.0%
        Managed Medicare                                   24.4%            23.4%
        Managed Medicaid                                   17.9%            17.7%
        Managed Care                                       10.4%            10.1%
        NJ Blue Cross & Commercial                          9.6%             9.9%
        Self-pay and Other                                  6.9%             5.9%
                                                          100.0%           100.0%


Total Operating Revenue

Patient Service Revenue

Inpatient service revenue, excluding subsidy revenue, of $5,214,085 was favorable to prior year by
$699,559 or 15.5%. The increase was partially due to inpatient volumes which were 1.3% higher than
prior year primarily due to strong performances in medicine and additional revenue from the County
Option Program of $354,924. The volume increase was partially offset by inpatient surgical volume
which was below prior year by 4.9% as the Corporation continues to move to the outpatient setting. Prior
year cost report settlements, pay for performance bonuses and other payor settlements, collectively
$158,767, also positively impacted inpatient service revenue by $105,007 above the prior year. The
Corporation also settled with a care organization for prior year claims that were inappropriately denied in
the amount of $31,400. Additionally, the Corporation benefited from managed care rate increases.

Outpatient service revenue of $3,524,747 was favorable to prior year by $475,250 or 15.6%. The acute
care hospitals accounted for $414,885 of the increase. Acute care outpatient volume exceeded prior year
by 8.0%. Same day surgical cases and emergency room visits, net of admissions, exceeded prior year by
6.7% and 1.1%, respectively. Additional patient revenue from the Medicaid Outpatient Add-on program
was $49,307 higher than prior year as the program commenced in July 2024.

Subsidy revenue decreased by $47,668 from prior year in connection with the introduction of the
Medicaid Outpatient Add-on program on July 1, 2024.

Professional billing revenue of $1,415,073 was favorable to prior year by $251,123 or 21.6%.
Community-based medical group practices contributed $190,041 to the growth driven by an increase in
wRVU’s over prior year of 14.7% as well as the addition of new practices. Emergency Medicine,
Hospitalist, Anesthesia, and Radiology service lines were collectively favorable to prior year by $88,133
due to expansion of hospital-based services. The academic group and CINJ were also favorable to prior
year by $32,923 due to increase in wRVU’s of 11.6% as well as expansion of practices. This was partially
offset by a reduction in acute care physician revenue of $80,133 as physicians were moved to the medical
group.



                                                     19
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

Other Revenue
Other revenue of $797,701 was favorable to prior year by $91,655 or 13.0%. Other revenue includes
income from grants including the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), pharmacy sales
(some offset in expense), earnings from joint venture arrangements, contributions, net assets released
from restriction, cafeteria, and parking. Pharmacy sales were favorable to prior year by $49,039 primarily
due to increased 340b revenue as a result of increased eligibility under the program. Joint venture
earnings exceeded prior year by $19,075 driven by growth in medical practice joint ventures and
improved operations of existing ventures. During 2025, the Corporation received Investment Tax Credits
of $2,782 related to projects at select Combined Heat and Power facilities and $2,643 of Employee
Retention Credits that were eligible under the CARES Act. Additionally, accountable care revenue and
net assets released from restriction exceeded prior year by $8,370 and $8,069, respectively. This was
partially offset by grants which were unfavorable to prior year by $4,362 (offset in expenses).

Certain joint ventures are reported using the equity method of accounting and are not fully consolidated in
the Corporation’s financial statements. Additional financial information for these joint ventures is
included in the table below:

                                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                  2025                                      2024
                                                            Net Income                               Net Income
                                  Operating        Net      Attributable   Operating         Net     Attributable
                                  Revenue        Income     to RWJBH        Revenue        Income    to RWJBH
Ambulatory Surgery              $      457,365      200,530      55,790  $       442,901     198,683       55,411
Home Care & Hospice                    167,323        9,580       4,851          164,937       6,660        3,386
Diagnostic Imaging                     192,005       34,043      17,350          189,015      33,902       17,267
Medical Practice Joint Ventures      1,028,307      144,537      70,582          855,528     121,880       54,709
Other                                   60,017       10,759       3,775           53,870       7,327        2,500
                                $    1,905,017      399,449     152,348  $     1,706,251     368,452     133,273


The increase in revenue from ambulatory surgery ventures of $379 was attributable to one new center that
was acquired in January 2025 as well as an increase in the volume of billable procedures of 3.0%. The
favorable variance was partially offset by expenses which were unfavorable to prior year by 1.0%.

The increase in home care and hospice ventures of $1,465 was due to an increase in volume of 0.3%. The
increase in volume is attributed to higher homecare visits and hospice patient days by 0.2% and 0.1%,
respectively.

The increase in diagnostic imaging ventures of $83 was due to an increase in volume of 0.2% compared
to 2024. The volume increase was driven by CT PET, and MRI procedures which were higher than prior
year by 0.1%, 0.1% and 0.2%, respectively. Expenses associated with imaging procedures increased by
0.1% from the prior year.

Medical Practice joint ventures were favorable to prior year by $15,873. The growth was due to
expansion of this division. Three new medical practice joint ventures were added during 2025 and various
practices were added in the latter part of 2024.

Other ventures were favorable to prior year by $1,275. Volume and expenses were both favorable to prior
year by 3.0% and 0.1%, respectively.




                                                        20
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025


Operating Expenses
Total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 of $10,327,898 were unfavorable to prior
year by $1,051,968 or 11.3%.

Summarized below are the consolidated operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
2024:

                                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                      2025             2024
        Salaries and employee benefits             $   4,711,612        4,269,649
        Physician fees and salaries                    1,401,885        1,254,722
        Supplies and other expenses                    3,710,002        3,299,709
        Interest                                         104,922           99,147
        Depreciation and amortization                    399,477          352,703
            Total operating expenses               $        10,327,898          9,275,930



For the year ended December 31, 2025, salaries and employee benefits increased by $441,963 or 10.4%
compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase is primarily driven by higher labor costs
associated with additional full-time equivalents as well as the annual merit increase. Employee benefit
expenses also increased due to higher employer payroll taxes and increased participation in health benefit
plans as well as cost of care, which resulted in higher medical and pharmacy claims as compared to the
prior year.

Physician fees and salaries for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased by $147,163 or 11.7%
compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Physician related expenses increased as compared to
prior year due to higher patient volumes and additional physician FTEs as well as annual merit increases,
quality and productivity bonus adjustments across the community and academic practices. Expanded on
call requirements, premium pay, and agency utilization particularly in anesthesia further contributed to
the variance as hospitalist programs expanded and supplemental coverage was needed to meet staffing
demands.

Supplies and other expenses for year ended December 31, 2025 increased by $410,293 or 12.4%
compared to prior year. Supplies were unfavorable to prior year by $203,769 driven by higher volumes
and market changes. Adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days exceeded prior year by 1.4% and
1.0%, respectively. Other expenses were unfavorable to prior year by $206,524. Tax assessments
associated with the County Option Program exceeded prior year by $98,296. Additionally, insurance,
utilities outside lab services, contract labor, purchased services, and rentals, maintenance contracts and
repairs increased over prior year.

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased by $5,775 or 5.8% compared to the year
ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to lower capitalized interest due to completion
of certain capital projects.

Depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased by $46,774 or 13.3%,
compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase is primarily driven by the opening of
the Jack and Sheryl Morris Cancer Center in 2025 and investments in strategic capital projects which
were completed in the latter part of 2024. During 2024, a portion of the RWJUH South Building

                                                       21
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

Operating Room expansion, the JCMC Hazard Mitigation and Hospital Hardening project were placed in
service. Additional phases of the CBMC surgical services renovations, NBIMC’s master facility plan and
Epic Wave Six also went live in the latter part of 2024.

Nonoperating Gains and Losses
The following table presents a summary of nonoperating revenue and expenses of the Corporation for the
years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                  Years ended December 31,
                                                                   2025             2024
    Investment income                                        $         78,140          102,907
    Realized gains on investments                                     141,600          304,615
    Unrealized gains (losses) on investments                          377,883           (5,668)
    Gain on early extinguishment of debt                                    11          58,150
    Gain on equity investments                                         90,822              -
    Gain on interest rate swap agreements                                 -             12,892
    Insurance proceeds                                                    -             13,169
    Net periodic benefit cost                                         (13,673)         (12,192)
       Total nonoperating revenue, net                        $       674,783               473,873

Net investment income and realized net investment gains were $219,740 and $407,522 for the years
ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, net unrealized
gains on investments were $377,883 compared to unrealizes losses on investments of $5,668 for the year
ended December 31, 2024. Refer to the Unrestricted Cash and Investments discussion for further
information on the Corporation’s investment strategy.

In 2025, the Corporation purchased the remaining equity interest in two of its medical group joint
ventures that were previously accounted for on the equity method. The Corporation recognized a gain of
$90,822 related to these business combinations.

The Corporation had entered into various interest rate swap agreements in order to hedge future interest
rate exposure on fixed rated bonds. The total notional amount of all swap agreements was $281,960. In
April 2024, the Corporation exercised its option to terminate the swap agreements for $52,262 which
resulted in a gain of $12,892.

The debt transactions executed during the second quarter of 2024 resulted in a gain on the early
extinguishment of debt of $58,150. Refer to Note 5, Long Term Debt in the accompanying financial
statements, for further information on the transactions.

In 2024, the Corporation also recognized insurance proceeds in nonoperating revenue of $13,169 related
to capital.

Fundraising
The Foundations support the programs and services of their affiliated tax-exempt organization and
support the capital campaign and other fundraising activities of the Corporation.



                                                    22
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

The following table presents contributions received by the foundations and fundraising expenses as well
as capital and operating support the foundations provided to the hospitals. Conditional gifts are not
included until the conditions have been met.

                                                      Years ended December 31,
                                                       2025             2024
        Contributions without donor restrictions    $       5,262           21,493
        Contributions with donor restrictions              41,782           32,192
        Total contributions                        $         47,044                53,685


        Fundraising Expenses                       $         19,945                18,439
        Support to affiliates                      $         56,734                58,979

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the foundations made distributions of $56,734 to the
Corporation’s hospitals and received contributions from donors of $47,044.

Unrestricted Cash and Investments
The Corporation’s financial position remains strong with $15.1 billion in total assets and $7.8 billion in
net assets. Total unrestricted cash and investments amounted to $5.3 billion (or 194.4 days) at December
31. 2025, an increase of $831,956 over the balance at December 31, 2024. Net cash provided by operating
activities for the years ended December 31 2025 and 2024 was $1,032,103 and $794,740, respectively.
Net investment income of $597,623 had a positive impact on investments. Borrowing under the
commercial paper program also had a positive impact on cash of $99,340. The Corporation also made
debt service payments of $172,217 which include principal and interest. Additionally, the Corporation
continues to invest in capital with $772,266 in additions during 2025. Investments in the ambulatory
services division of $172,819 were also executed through December to expand services in the areas of
oncology, family care and cardiology.

Total unrestricted cash and investments for the Corporation as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as
follows:

                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                       2025                 2024
         Cash and cash equivalents                  $     217,606              291,326
         Current investments                              423,060              339,978
         Noncurrent investments                         4,648,575            3,825,981

         Total unrestricted cash and investments    $     5,289,241            4,457,285

The Corporation manages two distinct investment portfolios within the Unrestricted Cash and Investment
(UCI) Portfolio: the Capital Reserve Fund (CRF) and the Long-Term Investment Portfolio (LTIP). The
CRF is invested in high quality, low duration fixed income securities to support operating cash flow
needs. The LTIP is invested with a longer-term horizon targeting higher risk adjusted returns through a
diversified asset allocation to support strategic capital needs.




                                                    23
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

The Corporations LTIP employs a diversified approach to asset allocation, incorporating a range of asset
classes and geographies in order to provide balanced results across market cycles. Within the LTIP,
market volatility provides managers with the opportunity to capitalize on disruptions. In accordance with
the Corporation’s Investment Policy Statement, at least 40% of the asset value of the total UCI portfolio
must be classified as “monthly” liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, 64.9% of the total UCI portfolio was
classified as monthly or daily liquidity.

The following charts present the allocation of unrestricted cash and investments by asset type and the
portfolio’s liquidity as of December 31, 2025:




Financial Condition
The following charts present the debt service coverage ratio and total cash on hand for the selected dates
below:




The increase in debt service coverage ratio from 2023 to 2024 is attributable to an increase in income
from operations of $192,920, before work stoppage costs, over prior year. The decline in days cash on
hand from 2022 to 2023 was due to higher operating expenses including work stoppage costs, increase in
capital investments and expansion of ambulatory services. The decline was partially offset by positive

                                                    24
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS, cont.
Year ended December 31, 2025

investment performance. The debt service coverage ratio and days cash on hand have both increased from
prior year.
In March 2025, the Corporation renewed its $100,000 secured revolving promissory note with JPMorgan.
The Corporation has the option to request, and the lender at its discretion can approve, an additional
$50,000 of principal. The note will be used for routine capital needs. There were no borrowings
outstanding as of December 31, 2025.
The following table presents key financial indicators as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 as
compared to S&P’s “AA”, “AA-” and “A+” medians.

                                      December 31,    December 31,   December 31,
                                         2025            2024           2023          AA        AA-       A+
Debt service coverage                           7.5            6.0            3.4       7.2       5.6       4.1
Debt-to-capitalization                       30.9%          36.8%          40.8%     18.3%     23.3%     26.8%
Cash-to-debt                                156.8%         130.1%         122.0%    351.1%    242.7%    195.0%
Days cash on hand                            194.4          182.8          186.6     314.9     246.7     206.9

The following table presents other select ratios as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                      December 31,    December 31,   December 31,
                                          2025            2024           2023
Days in patient accounts receivable           37.0           39.8           40.6
Days in accounts payable                      58.8           65.3           72.5
Reinvestment ratio                            1.93           2.46           2.84




                                                                25
                                                                                                          2/7/2026 12:45 PM
                                                                                                                BU: RWJBH
                                                                                                              RPT: 17BS_N1
                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1
                                             RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                                 Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                                       (In thousands)


                                 Assets                                   December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024
                                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            $             217,606             291,326
 Short-term Investments                                                             423,060             339,978
 Assets limited or restricted as to use                                              91,075              94,486
 Patient accounts receivable                                                      1,037,503             963,409
 Estimated amounts due from third party payors                                      580,623             201,837
 Other current assets                                                               375,697             388,744
          Total current assets                                                    2,725,564           2,279,780

Assets limited or restricted as to use, non-current portion                         497,010             477,766
Investments                                                                       4,648,575           3,825,981
Property, plant and equipment, net                                                5,271,481           4,868,981
Right of use asset                                                                  338,585             275,921
Other assets, net                                                                 1,604,050           1,327,308

          Total assets                                                $          15,085,265          13,055,737

          Liabilities and Net Assets

Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                     $             658,919             650,235
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                   1,602,048           1,383,575
 Estimated amounts due to third party payors                                         35,190              24,907
 Short-term borrowings                                                               99,340                   -
 Long-term debt                                                                     128,333              52,172
 Lease obligation                                                                    52,107              49,678
 Self-insurance liabilities                                                         149,627             119,213
           Total current liabilities                                              2,725,564           2,279,780

Estimated amounts due to third party payors, net of current portion                 156,323             118,340
Self insurance liabilities, net of current portion                                  435,226             425,262
Long-term debt, net of current portion                                            3,244,453           3,373,925
Lease obligation, net of current portion                                            316,425             253,856
Accrued pension liability                                                            56,035              66,422
Other liabilities                                                                   301,453             240,479
           Total liabilities                                                      7,235,479           6,758,064

Net assets:
  Without donor restrictions
     Controlling interest                                                         7,509,403           5,865,002
     Noncontrolling interest                                                         30,615              28,945
           Total net assets without donor restrictions                            7,540,018           5,893,947
  With donor restrictions                                                           309,768             403,726
           Total net assets                                                       7,849,786           6,297,673

          Total liabilities and net assets                            $          15,085,265          13,055,737

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                              26
                                                                                 2/7/2026 12:39 PM
                                                                                       BU: RWJBH
                                                                                   RPT: 17OPSM01
                                                                                        Page 1 of 1

                                RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                               Consolidated Statements of Operations
                              Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                           (In thousands)


                                                                              Proforma
                                                               2025             2024
                                                             (unaudited)      (audited)
Revenue:
 Patient service revenue                                 $       10,239,083     8,860,549
 Other revenue, net                                                 797,701       706,046
     Total revenue                                               11,036,784     9,566,595

Expenses:
 Salaries and wages                                               3,855,309     3,559,035
 Physician fees and salaries                                      1,401,885     1,254,722
 Employee benefits                                                  856,303       710,614
 Supplies                                                         1,785,044     1,581,275
 Other                                                            1,924,958     1,718,434
 Interest                                                           104,922        99,147
 Depreciation and amortization                                      399,477       352,703
     Total expenses                                              10,327,898     9,275,930

     Income from operations                                        708,886        290,665

Nonoperating revenue:
 Investment income, net                                            597,623        401,854
 Other, net                                                         77,160         72,019
    Total nonoperating revenue, net                                674,783        473,873

     Excess of revenue over expenses                              1,383,669       764,538

Other changes:
 Pension changes other than net periodic benefit cost                 9,060         (8,843)
 Net assets released from restriction for purchases of
    property and equipment                                          111,176        27,709
 Other, net                                                         142,166        40,735
    Increase in net assets without donor restrictions    $        1,646,071       824,139



  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                    27
                                                                                                                                                              2/7/2026 1:02 PM
                                                                                                                                                                   BU: RWJBH
                                                                                                                                                               RPT: 17_NA_RF
                                                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1




                                                                         RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                                                   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
                                                                      Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                                                                      (In thousands)
                                                                                       (unaudited)

                                                                   Controlling             Noncontrolling        Without donor      With donor         Total
                                                                    Interest                  Interest            restrictions      restrictions      net assets
Net assets at December 31, 2023                                $       5,034,583                    35,225              5,069,808           336,244       5,406,052

Changes in net assets:
 Excess of revenues over expenses                                         764,808                       (270)            764,538                  -        764,538
 Pension related changes other than net
   periodic benefit cost                                                    (8,843)                         -             (8,843)                 -          (8,843)
  Change in interest in net assets of
   unconsolidated foundations                                                (122)                           -              (122)           (5,317)         (5,439)
 Net assets released from restriction                                      27,709                            -            27,709           (44,773)        (17,064)
 Restricted contributions                                                        -                           -                  -          117,336         117,336
 Investment income on restricted investments, net                                -                           -                  -            1,165           1,165
 Other                                                                     46,867                      (6,010)            40,857              (929)         39,928
   Changes in net assets                                                  830,419                      (6,280)           824,139            67,482         891,621

Net assets at December 31, 2024                                         5,865,002                      28,945          5,893,947           403,726        6,297,673

Net assets at December 31, 2024                                         5,865,002                      28,945          5,893,947           403,726        6,297,673

Changes in net assets:
 Excess of revenues over expenses                                       1,381,996                       1,670          1,383,669                  -       1,383,669
 Pension changes other than net
   periodic benefit cost                                                     9,060                          -              9,060                  -          9,060
  Change in interest in net assets of
   unconsolidated foundations                                                (162)                          -               (162)             (668)           (830)
 Net assets released from restriction                                     111,176                           -            111,176          (136,308)        (25,132)
 Restricted contributions                                                        -                          -                   -           41,852          41,852
 Investment income on restricted investments, net                                -                          -                   -              919             919
 Other                                                                    142,328                           -            142,328               247         142,575

   Changes in net assets                                                1,644,401                       1,670          1,646,071           (93,958)       1,552,113

Net assets at December 31, 2025                                $        7,509,403                      30,615          7,540,018           309,768        7,849,786


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               28
                                                    RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                 Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                                                (In thousands)

                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                               (unaudited)       (audited)
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Change in net assets                                                                     $        1,552,113          891,621
  Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to net cash
     provided by operating activities:
        Pension changes other than net periodic benefit cost                                           (9,060)           8,843
        Depreciation and amortization expense                                                         399,477          352,703
        Amortization of bond financing costs, premiums and discounts                                  (15,156)         (15,606)
        Net change in unrealized (gains) losses on investments                                       (377,883)           5,668
        Realized gains on investments                                                                (141,600)        (304,615)
        Gains on interest rate swaps                                                                      -            (12,892)
        Equity-based compensation                                                                       4,570            9,398
        Equity in income of joint venture                                                            (152,348)        (133,273)
        Distributions received from investments in joint ventures                                     130,406          112,115
        Gain on sale of assets                                                                         (4,442)             (24)
        Gain on acquisition of subsidiary                                                             (90,822)             -
        Contributions restricted for long-term use                                                   (188,382)         (59,102)
        Gain on extinguishment of debt, net                                                               (11)         (58,150)
        Other                                                                                           1,236            6,304
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           Patient accounts receivable                                                                (66,394)         (78,845)
           Net Pension Asset                                                                                0                0
           Reduction in the carrying amount in the right-of-use assets                                 67,302           65,121
           Other assets                                                                                19,208          (50,790)
           Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities                          203,323          (48,685)
           Estimated amounts due from and to third-party payors, net                                 (330,520)          96,402
           Accrued pension liability                                                                   (1,327)           2,192
           Lease obligation, self-insurance and other long-term liabilities                            32,413            6,355
               Net cash provided by operating activities                                            1,032,103          794,740

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of property, plant, and equipment                                                        (772,266)        (867,192)
  Purchases of investments                                                                         (6,010,884)     (12,310,227)
  Proceeds from the sale of investments                                                             5,600,912       12,527,335
  Investment in equity method and cost method joint ventures                                         (115,226)        (120,591)
  Cash paid in acquisition of subsidiaries, net                                                       (57,593)          (2,875)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                          2,946              671
               Net cash used in investing activities                                               (1,352,111)        (772,879)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from issuance of debt                                                                          -            690,006
  Repayments of long-term debt                                                                        (51,671)        (705,885)
  Borrowings under commercial paper program                                                           248,038           49,701
  Borrowings under letter of credit                                                                     3,000              -
  Repayments under commercial paper program                                                          (148,698)         (49,701)
  Repayments under letter of credit                                                                    (3,000)             -
  Payments for deferred financing costs                                                                   -             (5,308)
  Capital contributions                                                                                  (686)             -
  Settlement of interest rate swaps                                                                       -             52,262
  Proceeds from contributions restricted for long-term use                                            188,382           59,102
  Proceeds from contributions and grants                                                                2,976           10,237
               Net cash provided by financing activities                                              238,341          100,414
               Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                 (81,667)         122,275
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year                                      380,261          257,986
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period                               $          298,594          380,261

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  $          217,606          291,326
Restricted cash included in assets limited or restricted as to use                                     80,988           88,935
      Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                                    $          298,594          380,261
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
  Cash paid for interest                                                                   $          120,546         103,862
  Finance lease obligations incurred                                                                   33,788          12,042
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activity:
  Change in noncash acquisitions of property, plant and equipment                                      17,002            4,937

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     29
                                      RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           December 31, 2025 and 2024
                   (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

(1)   Organization
      RWJ Barnabas Health, Inc. (the Corporation) is a not-for-profit, tax-exempt corporation located in West
      Orange, New Jersey. RWJ Barnabas Health, Inc. is the sole corporate member or sole shareholder of the
      Corporation’s affiliated organizations. The Corporation was organized to develop and operate a
      multihospital healthcare system providing a comprehensive spectrum of healthcare services, principally to
      the residents of New Jersey and surrounding areas.

      The services and facilities of the Corporation include 12 acute care hospitals, (including an academic
      medical center), three acute care children’s hospitals, a pediatric rehabilitation hospital with a network of
      outpatient centers, a freestanding 100-bed behavioral health center, two trauma centers, a satellite
      emergency department, ambulatory care centers, geriatric centers, the state’s largest behavioral health
      network, comprehensive home care and hospice programs, fitness and wellness centers, physical therapy
      services, retail pharmacy services, medical groups, multi-site imaging centers, an accountable care
      organization, a burn treatment facility, comprehensive cancer services, breast centers, and comprehensive
      cardiac surgery services, including a heart transplant center, a lung transplant center, and kidney transplant
      centers.

(2)   Significant Accounting Policies
      (a) Basis of Accounting of Financial Statement Presentation
          The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared on the accrual basis of
          accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim
          financial reporting. Footnotes and other disclosures that would substantially duplicate the disclosures
          contained in an audited financial statement have been omitted. Accordingly, they do not include all of
          the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements of the Corporation.
          Eliminations and reporting adjustments have been made to present the information in accordance with
          GAAP. The data should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements for
          the year ended December 31, 2024 and related notes. Information as of and for the year ended
          December 31, 2025 are not based on audited information but, in the opinion of management, is
          presented on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements and includes
          adjustments necessary for a fair presentation therein. Adjustments to these financial statements may
          occur as a result of a more comprehensive review undertaken as part of the audit process for the year
          ending December 31, 2025.

          The consolidated financial statements include all affiliates and other entities for which operating
          control is exercised by the Corporation. Investments in entities where the Corporation does not have
          operating control are recorded under the equity or cost method of accounting. The Corporation has
          included its equity share of income or losses from investments in unconsolidated affiliates in other
          operating revenue. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

      (b) Use of Estimates
          The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
          management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
          and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the consolidated financial statements



                                                        30
                                     RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                          December 31, 2025 and 2024
                  (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

         and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results could differ
         from those estimates.

      (c) Accounting Pronouncements

         No new accounting pronouncements were released or adopted that would have a material effect on the
         Corporation’s consolidated financial statements.

(3)   Revenue
      (a) Patient Service Revenue

         The Corporation’s patient service revenue is recognized at the amount that reflects the consideration to
         which the Corporation expects to be entitled in exchange for providing patient care. These amounts are
         due from patients and third-party payors and include an estimate of variable consideration for
         retroactive revenue adjustments due to settlement of audits, reviews, and investigations. Generally, the
         Corporation bills the patients and third-party payors several days after the services are performed
         and/or the patient is discharged from the facility.

         Revenue is recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligations are
         determined based on the nature of the services provided by the Corporation. Revenue for performance
         obligations satisfied over time is recognized based on actual charges incurred in relation to total
         expected (or actual) charges. The Corporation believes that this method provides a reasonable
         representation of the transfer of services over the term of the performance obligation based on the
         inputs needed to satisfy the obligation. The Corporation measures the performance obligation from
         admission into the hospital to the point when it is no longer required to provide services to that patient,
         which is generally at the time of discharge.

         Because all of its performance obligations relate to contracts with a duration of less than one year, the
         Corporation has elected to apply the optional exemption provided in FASB Accounting Standards
         Codification (ASC) 606-10-50-14 and, therefore, is not required to disclose the aggregate amount of
         the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at
         year-end, which primarily relate to acute care patients (in-house). The performance obligations for
         these contracts are generally completed when the patients are discharged, which generally occurs
         within days or weeks of year-end.

         The majority of the Corporation’s services are rendered to patients with third-party payor insurance
         coverage. Reimbursement under these programs for all payors is based on a combination of
         prospectively determined rates, reimbursed costs, discounted charges, and per diem payments.
         Amounts received under Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to review and final
         determination by program intermediaries or their agents and the contracts the Corporation has with
         commercial payors also provide for retroactive audit and review of claims. Agreements with
         third-party payors typically provide for payments at amounts less than established charges. Generally,
         patients who are covered by third-party payors are responsible for related deductibles and coinsurance,
         which vary in amount. The Corporation also provides services to uninsured patients, and offers those
         uninsured patients a discount, either by policy or law, from standard charges. The Corporation
         estimates the transaction price for patients with deductibles and coinsurance and from those who are


                                                        31
                             RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                 December 31, 2025 and 2024
         (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

uninsured based on historical experience and current market conditions. The initial estimate of the
transaction price is determined by reducing the standard charge by any contractual adjustments,
discounts, and implicit price concessions. Implicit price concessions are determined on historical
collection experience. Subsequent changes to the estimate of the transaction price are generally
recorded as adjustments to patient service revenue in the period of the change and are accrued on an
estimated basis in the period the related services are rendered and adjusted in future periods as final
settlements are determined. Adjustments arising from a change in the transaction price were not
significant for the years ended December 31, 2025 or 2024. Subsequent changes that are determined to
be the result of an adverse change in the patient’s ability to pay are recorded as bad debt expense.
There was no bad debt expense for the years ended December 31. 2025 or 2024.

Consistent with the Corporation’s mission, care is provided to patients regardless of their ability to
pay. The Corporation has determined it has provided implicit price concessions to uninsured patients
and patients with other uninsured balances (e.g., co-pays and deductibles). The implicit price
concessions included in estimating the transaction price represent the difference between amounts
billed to patients and the amounts the Corporation expects to collect based on its collection history
with those patients. Patients who meet the Corporation’s criteria for charity care are provided care
without charge or at amounts less than established charges. The Corporation has determined that it has
provided sufficient implicit price concessions for these accounts. Price concessions, including charity
care, are not reported as revenue.

The Corporation has elected the financing component practical expedient and does not adjust the
promised amount of consideration from patients and third-party payors for the effects of a significant
financing component due to the Corporation’s expectation that the period between the time the service
is provided to a patient and the time that the patient or a third-party payors pays for that service will be
one year or less. However, the Corporation does, in certain instances, enter into payment agreements
with patients that allow payments in excess of one year. For those cases, the financing component is
not deemed to be significant to the contract. The Corporation has determined that the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of patient service revenue and cash flows are affected by payors and service
lines.

Laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject to
interpretation. As a result, there is a possibility that recorded estimates could change by a material
amount. During the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 certain prior year third-party cost
reports were audited and settled, or tentatively settled by third-party payors. Adjustments resulting
from such audits, settlements, and management reviews are reflected as adjustments to patient service
revenue in the period that adjustments become known. The effect of cost report settlements increased
patient service revenue by $64,551 and $39,131, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2025
and 2024. Although certain other prior year cost reports submitted to third-party payors remain subject
to audit and retroactive adjustment, management does not expect any material adverse settlements.

In November 2018, New Jersey (the State) P.L.2018, c.136 established the County Option Hospital
Fee Program (County Option Program) to increase financial resources provided to hospitals through
the State’s Medicaid Program. The State’s regulatory framework for the program operates under the
New Jersey Department of Human Services. Federal approval from the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS) is required for each state fiscal year through an annual submission of


                                               32
                                       RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            December 31, 2025 and 2024
                   (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

          preprints (specifically 42 CFR 438.6(c) proposal preprints) to ensure that the provider payment
          arrangements meet Federal regulations. The State has received federal approval and has been
          executing the County Option Program from inception on July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2025. The preprint
          for the current period of July 1, 2025 to June 30, 2026 was submitted to CMS in April 2025 and
          remains with CMS for final approval, which is anticipated to be forthcoming. The Corporation has
          recorded an estimated net benefit of $286,991 for the program period July 1, 2025 to December 31,
          2025 for the six counties it participated in through June 30, 2025. This amount represents the preprint
          amount that is pending with CMS.

      (b) Other Revenue

          Other revenue includes income from grants, equity in the income of healthcare joint ventures,
          unrestricted contributions, net assets released from restriction, cafeteria sales, and parking receipts.
          Grant revenue and contributions of the Corporation are nonexchange transactions in which no
          commensurate value is exchanged. In such cases, contribution accounting is applied under
          ASC Topic 958, Not-for-Profit Entities. Equity in the income of joint ventures is evaluated under
          ASC Topic 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures.
          Additionally, pharmacy sales and other contracts related to healthcare services are included in other
          revenue and consist of contracts, which vary in duration and in performance. Revenue is recognized
          when the performance obligations identified within the individual contracts are satisfied and
          collections are probable.

(4)   Fair Value Measurements
      ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value
      measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an
      asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows:
      Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities
      include cash and cash equivalents and debt and equity securities that are traded in an active exchange
      market.

      Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities,
      quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
      observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and
      liabilities include debt securities with quoted market prices that are traded less frequently than
      exchange-traded instruments. This category generally includes certain U.S. government and agency
      mortgage-backed debt securities and corporate bonds.

      Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the
      fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value
      is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as
      instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or
      estimation. The Corporation currently holds no Level 3 investments.




                                                          33
                                  RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                      December 31, 2025 and 2024
               (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

  The following tables present the Corporation’s fair value hierarchy for those assets measured at fair value
  on a recurring basis, and exclude pledges receivable, net, other investments, and accrued interest
  receivable, as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:


                                                            December 31, 2025
                               Fair value           Level 1       Level 2          Level 3        NAV
Investment categories:
  Cash and cash equivalents
     and money market funds  $ 359,782                359,782             —            —              —    
  Equity securities                2,810                2,810             —            —              —    
  Equity mutual funds          1,777,564            1,777,564             —    
  Equity funds                 1,023,554            1,023,554
  Fixed income mutual funds      145,654              145,654            —             —              —    
  Unit investment trust            1,360                1,360            —             —              —    
  Commercial mortgage-backed      70,699                  —           70,699           —              —    
      securities
  Corporate bonds                454,523                  —          454,523           —              —    
  Asset-backed securities        168,891                  —          168,891           —              —    
  Government bonds               254,910                  —          254,910           —              —    
  Government mortgage-backed     102,813                  —          102,813           —              —    
      securities
  Municipal bonds                 20,824                  —           20,824           —             —    
  Alternative investments      1,064,117                  —              —             —       1,064,117
         Total               $ 5,447,501            3,310,724      1,072,660           —       1,064,117




                                                   34
                              RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  December 31, 2025 and 2024
            (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)




                                                        December 31, 2024
                               Fair value       Level 1       Level 2       Level 3      NAV
Investment categories:
  Cash and cash equivalents
     and money market funds  $ 430,242           430,242           —            —           —    
  Equity securities              187,993         187,993           —            —           —    
  Equity mutual funds          1,414,622       1,414,622           —            —           —    
  Equity funds                   830,445         830,445           —            —           —    
  Fixed income mutual funds      276,566         276,566           —            —           —    
  Unit investment trust            1,185           1,185           —            —           —    
  Commercial mortgage-backed      62,508             —          62,508          —           —    
      securities
  Corporate bonds                245,290             —         245,290          —           —    
  Asset-backed securities        178,823             —         178,823          —           —    
  Government bonds               101,264             —         101,264          —           —    
  Government mortgage-backed      16,354             —          16,354          —           —    
      securities
  Municipal bonds                  6,923             —           6,923          —           —    
  Alternative investments        762,856             —             —            —       762,856
         Total               $ 4,515,071       3,141,053       611,162          —       762,856




                                               35
                                      RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             December 31, 2025 and 2024
                  (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

(5)   Long-term Debt
      Long-term debt consists of the following:
                                                                 December 31,   December 31,
                                                                    2025           2024
        Revenue and refunding bonds                          $      2,599,018        2,644,498
        Senior secured notes                                          300,000          300,000
        Notes payable                                                       -               11
        Finance lease obligations                                     278,722          271,386
                      Total long-term debt                          3,177,740        3,215,895

        Plus unamortized bond premium                                210,799           227,207
        Less:
            Deferred financing costs, net                              15,753           17,005
            Current portion                                           128,333           52,172
                     Long-term portion                       $      3,244,453        3,373,925

      Under the terms of the Master Trust Indenture (MTI), Children’s Specialized Hospital, Clara Maass Medical
      Center, Community Medical Center, Cooperman Barnabas Medical Center, Jersey City Medical Center,
      Monmouth Medical Center, Newark Beth Israel Medical Center, RWJ Barnabas Health, Inc., RWJBH
      Corporate Services, Inc., Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, Robert Wood Johnson University
      Hospital at Hamilton, and Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Rahway, are members of an Obligated
      Group. Substantially all of the Corporation’s debt is subject to the provisions of the MTI.

      To secure its payment obligations, the Obligated Group has granted to the Trustee a first lien and security
      interest in the gross revenue of each member of the Obligated Group.

      Obligated Group members are jointly and severally liable under the MTI. The Corporation does have the
      right to name designated affiliates. Though designated affiliates are not obligated to make debt service
      payments on the obligations under the MTI, the Corporation may cause each designated affiliate to transfer
      such amounts as necessary to enable the Obligated Group members to comply with the terms of the MTI,
      including payment of the outstanding obligations.

      The Corporation’s Obligated Group is required to maintain certain financial covenants in connection with
      the NJHCFFA and credit arrangements with a consortium of banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
      (JPMorgan) and U.S. Bank.

      On April 8, 2024, the Corporation made an offer to purchase bonds in an aggregate principal amount of up
      to $330,000 relating to select maturities of the Series 2016 and Series 2019 bonds. In connection with that
      offer, the Corporation purchased tendered target bonds in an aggregate principal amount of $261,397. The
      settlement date was May 8, 2024.




                                                        36
                               RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    December 31, 2025 and 2024
            (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

On May 1, 2024, the Corporation completed the RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue,
Series 2024A bond issuance in the amount of $370,330. Series 2024A was issued at a premium for a total
source of funds of $404,142. The Corporation used a portion of these proceeds to defease the
Series 2019 B-1 bonds in the amount of $70,812. The remainder of the proceeds was used for
reimbursement of prior capital costs.

On May 16, 2024, the Corporation completed the RWJ Barnabas Health Obligated Group Issue, Series
2024B bond issuance in the amount of $250,690. The Series 2024B bonds were used to refund the
Barnabas Health System, Series 2014A, Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, Series 2014A and
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, Series 2013A.

On May 16, 2024, the Corporation defeased the Barnabas Health System, Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series
2012 for $80,979.

Collectively, the above transactions effectuated during 2024 resulted in a gain on extinguishment of debt of
$58,150 which is recorded in other, net within nonoperating revenue (expenses).

In May 2024, the Corporation established a self-liquidity backed commercial paper program which serves
as a source for interim liquidity needs. The program is authorized up to $200,000. As of December 31,
2025, there was $99,340, net of discount, of commercial paper outstanding. On January 30, 2026, $50,000
was paid with the remainder due on February 17, 2026. There was no commercial paper outstanding as
December 31, 2024.

On July 1, 2025, the Series 2019 B-2 bonds were subject to a mandatory tender. At that time, the bonds
were converted via a direct placement with JPMorgan at the same par value. The new long-term interest
rate was set at 3.625% with a new mandatory purchase date of June 30, 2026.

The Corporation had entered into forward interest rate swap agreements with JPMorgan, Bank of America,
and U.S. Bank, respectively. The total notional amount of all swap agreements was $281,960. Under the
terms of these agreements, the Corporation was paying fixed interest rates ranging from 0.90275% to
1.3625% in exchange for variable rate payments equal to 70% of the effective Federal funds rate. The
notional amounts on these swap agreements were tied to the outstanding principal on the underlying bond
series. On April 24, 2024, the Corporation exercised its option to terminate the interest rate swap
agreements for $52,262, net, which resulted in a gain of $12,892.

Effective March 29, 2024, the Corporation entered into a secured revolving promissory note (the Note) for
the principal amount of $100,000 with JPMorgan for routine working capital needs. The terms of the Note
include a commitment fee of 0.12%. The interest rate is based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate
(SOFR) and an adjusted term SOFR fixed rate of 0.10% for the interest period plus 0.55% per annum. The
Note expired on March 28, 2025, and was replaced with a $100,000 secured revolving promissory note
(New Note) with JPMorgan expiring on March 27, 2026. The terms of the Note include a commitment fee
of 0.08%. The interest rate is based on SOFR and an adjusted term SOFR fixed rate of 0.10% for the
interest period plus 0.50% per annum. The Corporation may request, and the lender at its discretion can
approve, up to an additional $50,000 of principal. As of December 31, 2025, $6,817 of the Note was used
in the form of standby letters of credit (LOC) that provides liquidity support for the Corporation’s


                                                 37
                                       RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           December 31, 2025 and 2024
                   (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

      self-insured workers’ compensation and other programs. There was no cash drawn from the Note during
      the term.

(6)   Employee Benefit Plans
      The Corporation maintains several benefit plans for its employees. The following are brief descriptions of
      those plans and related expenses for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

          •   The Corporation provides pension benefits to its employees through defined contribution plans.
              Contributions to these plans are based on percentages of annual salaries. It is the policy of the
              Corporation to fund accrued costs under these plans on a current basis. Pension expense related to
              these defined contribution plans was approximately $140,456 and $98,990 for the years ended
              December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

          •   Certain affiliates of the Corporation contribute to various multiemployer defined benefit pension
              plans under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover union-represented employees.
              Contributions to these plans approximated $8,491 and $7,490 for the years ended December 31,
              2025 and 2024, respectively.

          •   Certain employees of the Corporation participate in deferred compensation plans. Eligible
              employees may defer compensation under a salary reduction agreement, subject to certain dollar
              limitations. Payments, upon retirement or termination of employment, are based on amounts
              credited to individual accounts. In connection with these plans, certain affiliates deposit amounts
              with trustees on behalf of participating employees. Under the terms of these plans, the Corporation
              is not responsible for investment gains or losses incurred. The assets are restricted for payments
              under the plans. The plans are funded based upon the benefit formula as outlined in the plan
              documents.

      The RWJ Barnabas Health Retirement Income Plan (the RWJBH Plan) covers substantially all employees
      of the Corporation. The RWJBH Plan is currently frozen and no participants accrue credited service or
      contribute to the RWJBH Plan.

      The assets of the RWJBH Plan are managed under a liability-driven investment (LDI) strategy. Under the
      LDI strategy, the expected rate of return on plan assets is based upon the assumption that plan assets will
      be invested primarily in fixed income and other related securities based upon their ability to perform
      similarly to the characteristics of the plan liabilities over time. The policy of the Corporation is to evaluate
      the annual funding liability on a calendar year basis. Based on this evaluation, contributions of $15,000
      and $10,000 were made to the RWJBH Plan during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
      respectively.

(7)   Partnership with Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey
      The Corporation, Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey (Rutgers), and Rutgers Health Group (RHG)
      entered into a Master Affiliation Agreement (MAA) with the goal of integrating medical education,
      advanced research and healthcare delivery.

      The MAA requires reciprocal commitments and the alignment of each party’s respective strategic,
      operational, and financial interests, and activities as part of a coordinated and mutually supportive

                                                         38
                                       RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           December 31, 2025 and 2024
                   (Information pertaining to the year ended December 31, 2025 is unaudited)

      academic health system. The Corporation and Rutgers have continued to execute on strategies
      contemplated in the MAA including integrating the clinical operations of the Faculty of Robert Wood
      Johnson Medical School (RWJMS) and the Rutgers CINJ through Integrated Practice Agreements (IPA).
      Under the terms of these agreements, Rutgers will continue to employ providers and certain support staff,
      but the Corporation is responsible for the operations of the clinical practices and related financial results.
      This included establishing a unified medical records system across the Corporation’s entire medical group
      (including RWJMS and CINJ) and creating a unified and integrated patient experience.

      As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation owed Rutgers $130,560 and $112,599, net,
      respectively, under the MAA and IPA agreements. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
      other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

(8)   Potential Affiliations
      On January 5, 2026, the Corporation and Englewood Health (Englewood) signed a definitive agreement
      whereby Englewood will become part of the Corporation. The relationship is designed to enhance
      healthcare services for residents of Bergen, Hudson and Passaic counties and the surrounding
      communities. The terms of the definitive agreement call for the Corporation to make capital investments
      in Englewood and to expand the network of outpatient services and community health programs. The
      consummation of the transaction contemplated by the definitive agreement requires approvals from state
      regulatory authorities. It is anticipated that this transaction will be completed in the first quarter of 2027.
(9)   Subsequent Events
      Management evaluated all events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2025 and through February 13,
      2026, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. The Corporation did not
      have any recognizable subsequent events during the period, except as previously disclosed.




                                                         39
                              RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.

                   Note to Consolidated Financial Statements - Obligated Group



The following financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2025
(unaudited) and 2024 (audited) on pages 41 and 42 of the Corporation’s Obligated Group was
prepared for purposes of accommodating a certain group of bond and note holders. The
financial information reflects the financial position and results of operations and changes in net
assets of the Obligated Group and not of the entire Corporation and is not intended to be
presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.




                                                40
                                                                                                              2/7/2026 1:30 PM
                                                                                                                   BU: RWJBH
                                                                                                                RPT: 17BS_N1
                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1

                                                RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
                                             Consolidated Balance Sheets - Obligated Group
                                                     December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                                            (In thousands)



                                    Assets                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                  (unaudited)            (audited)
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $                 187,803          242,147
 Short-term investments                                                                              -          240,828
 Assets limited or restricted as to use                                                         64,360           66,281
 Patient accounts receivable, net                                                              839,681          779,352
 Due to affiliates, net                                                                         61,759          340,271
 Estimated amounts due from third party payors                                                 561,674          181,930
 Other current assets                                                                          351,397          371,594
          Total current assets                                                               2,066,674        2,222,403

Assets limited or restricted as to use, non-current portion                                    203,819          191,163
Investments                                                                                  5,057,861        3,911,919
Property, plant and equipment, net                                                           4,825,780        4,506,359
Right-of-use asset                                                                             180,265          154,034
Due from affiliates, long term, net                                                             46,176           48,606
Other assets, net                                                                              705,659          692,942

             Total assets                                                                13,086,234         11,727,426

             Liabilities and Net Assets

Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                                                              569,448          564,218
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                              1,121,157          941,410
 Estimated amounts due to third party payors                                                    30,369           23,530
 Short-term borrowings                                                                          99,340              -
 Long-term debt                                                                                112,555           50,747
 Lease obligation                                                                               20,414           18,621
 Due to affiliates, net                                                                              -          570,763
 Self-insurance liabilities                                                                     73,715           53,115
           Total current liabilities                                                         2,026,998        2,222,404

Estimated amounts due to third party payors, net of current portion                            142,956           73,093
Self insurance liabilities, net of current portion                                             145,975          158,017
Long-term debt, net of current portion                                                       3,190,035        3,299,278
Lease obligation, net of current portion                                                       169,906          146,044
Accrued pension liability                                                                       56,035           66,422
Other liabilities                                                                              202,084          157,510
           Total liabilities                                                                 5,933,989        6,122,768

Net assets                                                                                   7,152,245        5,604,658

             Total liabilities and net assets                                $           13,086,234         11,727,426




See accompanying note to consolidated financial statements - obligated group.


                                                                  41
                                         RWJ BARNABAS HEALTH, INC.
              Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets - Obligated Group
                                    Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
                                                  (In thousands)


                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)
Revenue:
 Net patient service revenue                                           $        8,016,660            7,089,581
 Other revenue, net                                                               804,185              666,484
      Total revenue                                                             8,820,845            7,756,065

Expenses:
 Salaries and wages                                                             2,932,776            2,792,235
 Physician fees and salaries                                                      758,919              686,245
 Employee benefits                                                                690,016              587,166
 Supplies                                                                       1,579,360            1,403,067
 Other                                                                          1,537,957            1,342,094
 Interest                                                                          99,675               93,735
 Depreciation and amortization                                                    354,124              313,516
     Total expenses                                                             7,952,827            7,218,058


     Income from operations                                                      868,018               538,007

Nonoperating revenue (expenses):
 Investment income, net                                                          596,790               398,918
 Other, net                                                                      (14,368)               55,382
    Total nonoperating revenue, net                                              582,422               454,300

     Excess of revenue over expenses                                            1,450,440              992,307

  Pension changes other than net periodic benefit cost                             9,060                (8,843)
  Net assets released from restriction for purchases
    of property and equipment                                                    110,337                27,301
  Net assets transferred from non-obligated group                                       -              130,146
  Other, net                                                                     (22,250)               11,306
     Total other changes in net assets                                            97,147               159,910

     Increase in net assets                                            $        1,547,587            1,152,217



See accompanying note to consolidated financial statements - obligated group.




                                                          42
