0001832483 false --12-31 0001832483 2023-07-31 2023-07-31 0001832483 dei:FormerAddressMember 2023-07-31 2023-07-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July
31, 2023 SERVE ROBOTICS INC. (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware | 000-56237 | 85-3844872
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 730 Broadway Redwood City , CA | 94063
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) | (Zip Code) ( 818 ) 860-1352 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) Patricia
Acquisition Corp. 2255 Glades Road , Suite 324A Boca Raton , Florida 33431 (Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ EXPLANATORY
NOTE We
were incorporated as Patricia Acquisition Corp. in the State of Delaware on November 9, 2020. Prior to the Merger (as defined below),
we were a “shell company” (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”)). On
July 31, 2023, our board of directors and all of our pre-Merger stockholders approved a restated certificate of incorporation, which
was effective upon its filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023, and through which we changed our
name to “Serve Robotics Inc.” On July 31, 2023, our board of directors also adopted restated bylaws. On
July 31, 2023, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Serve Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Delaware on July 10,
2023 (“Acquisition Sub”), merged with and into Serve Robotics Inc., a privately held Delaware corporation (“Serve”).
Pursuant to this transaction (the “Merger”), Serve was the surviving corporation and became our wholly owned subsidiary,
and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted into shares of our common stock. All of Serve’s outstanding warrants and
options were assumed by us. On July 31, 2023, we also sold 3,720,339 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement
offering at a purchase price of $4.00 per share. Additional information concerning the private placement offering is presented below
under Item 2.01, “ Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets—The Merger and Related Transactions—The Offering ”
and under Item 3.02, “ Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities .” Following the consummation of the Merger, Serve changed
its name to “Serve Operating Co.” As
a result of the Merger, we acquired the business of Serve and will continue the existing business operations of Serve as a public reporting
company under the name Serve Robotics Inc. In
accordance with “reverse merger” or “reverse acquisition” accounting treatment, our historical financial statements
as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of Serve prior
to the Merger, in all future filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). As
used in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “Report”), unless otherwise stated or the context clearly indicates otherwise,
the terms the “Company,” the “Registrant,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to
Serve Robotics Inc., incorporated in the State of Delaware, and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the Merger and the company name
change described above. This
Report contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements executed in connection with the transactions described herein.
The summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by, reference to these agreements, which are filed
as exhibits hereto and incorporated herein by reference. This
Report responds to the following Items in this Report: Item 1.01 | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Item 2.01 | Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. Item 3.02 | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. Item 3.03 | Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. Item 4.01 | Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant. Item 5.01 | Changes in Control of Registrant. Item 5.02 | Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. Item 5.03 | Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. Item 5.06 | Change in Shell Company Status. Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. Prior
to the Merger, we were a “shell company” (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). As a result
of the Merger, we have ceased to be a “shell company.” The information included in this Report constitutes the current “Form
10 information” necessary to satisfy the conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”). 1 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS This
Report, including the sections entitled “ Risk Factors ”, “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations ” and “ Description of Business ”, includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements relate to, among
others, our plans, objectives and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition, and can be identified
by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “will,” “could,” “project,”
“target,” “potential,” “continue” and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical
matters. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to
management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: ● | our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection; ● | our reliance on third-parties, including suppliers, delivery platforms, brand sponsors, software providers and service providers; ● | our ability to operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity or automation; ● | our robots’ reliance on sophisticated software technology that incorporates third-party components and networks to operate, and our ability to maintain licenses for this software technology; ● | our ability to commercialize our products at a large scale; ● | the competitive industry in which we operate which is subject to rapid technological change; ● | our ability to raise additional capital to develop our technology and scale our operations; ● | developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; ● | our ability to adequately control the costs associated with our operations; ● | the impact of current and future laws and regulations, especially those related to personal delivery devices; ● | potential cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, infrastructure, and integrated software by us or third-party vendors; ● | the development of a market for our common stock; ● | the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on our business, results of operations and future growth prospects; ● | our intended use of proceeds from the Offering (as defined below); and ● | other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption “ Risk Factors .” We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term
and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section titled “ Risk Factors .” Moreover, we operate
in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to
predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Report may not occur and actual results could differ
materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements
for any reason after the date of this Report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as
required by law. You
should read this Report and the documents that we reference in this Report as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future
results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 2 ITEM 1.01
ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT. The
information contained in Item 2.01 below relating to the various agreements described therein is incorporated herein by reference. All
descriptions of the agreements described below are qualified in their entirety by reference to the form of the relevant agreement that
is filed as an exhibit to this Report and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 2.01
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS. THE
MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS The
Bridge Financing In
April 2023, Serve offered and sold in a private placement (the “Bridge Financing”) to accredited investors $3,001,500 principal
amount of its senior subordinated secured convertible notes (the “Bridge Notes”). The Bridge Notes bore interest at 10% per
annum and were payable on October 21, 2023, subject to earlier conversion as described below. Among the accredited investors who participated
in the Bridge Financing were Ali Kashani, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Tompkins, who holds greater than 5% of the common stock
of the Company. Interest
on the Bridge Notes would have been payable at maturity; however, upon conversion of the Bridge Notes as described below, accrued interest
was forgiven. The Bridge Notes were secured by a second priority security interest on all of the assets of Serve and its subsidiary,
subject to certain limited exceptions. This security interest terminated upon conversion of the Bridge Notes. The
offering of the Bridge Notes, and the grant of the Bridge Warrants and Bridge Broker Warrants (each as defined below) was exempt from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder.
The Bridge Notes were sold to “accredited investors,” as defined in Regulation D, and the offering was conducted on
a “reasonable best efforts” basis. Upon
the closing of the Merger and the Offering (as defined below), the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Notes was automatically
converted into 937,968 shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $3.20 per share, and investors in the Bridge Notes received
a warrant to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the number of shares of common stock into which the Bridge Notes
were converted, at an exercise price of $3.20 per share for a term of three years (the “Bridge Warrants”). If at any time
after the Registration Effectiveness Date (as defined below) there is no effective registration statement registering for resale, or
the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge
Warrants by the holder, the Bridge Warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a “cashless”
net exercise. The Bridge Warrants have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions. In
connection with the sale of the Bridge Notes, Serve paid to Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. and Network 1 Financial Services, Inc. (collectively,
the “Bridge Brokers”), each a U.S. registered broker-dealer, cash commissions of 8% of funds raised, or 4% in the case of
funds raised from current officers, directors, and stockholders of Serve and their respective friends and family (“Insider Investors”),
and agreed to cause the Company to issue to them, upon closing of the Merger and the Offering, warrants to purchase a number of shares
of Serve’s common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock into which Bridge Notes, other than those purchased
by Insider Investors, would convert at the closing of the Merger and Offering, with an exercise price per share of $3.20 and a term of
three years (“Bridge Broker Warrants”). The Bridge Broker Warrants have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject
to customary exceptions. The
Bridge Brokers were paid an aggregate commission of $239,400 and were entitled to be issued Bridge Broker Warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 74,662 shares of our common stock. Serve also reimbursed them $25,000 for their legal and other expenses incurred in connection with
the Bridge Financing. We
agreed to indemnify the Bridge Brokers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, against certain liabilities that may be incurred in connection
with the Bridge Notes, including certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act, and, where such indemnification is not available,
to contribute to the payments the placement agents and its sub-agents may be required to make in respect of such liabilities. All
descriptions of the Bridge Warrants and the Bridge Broker Warrants herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof
filed as exhibits hereto, which are incorporated herein by reference. 3 Merger
Agreement On
July 31, 2023, the Company, Acquisition Sub and Serve entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger
Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on July 31, 2023 (the “Closing Date”), Acquisition
Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. As
a result of the Merger, we acquired the business of Serve, which designs, develops and operates an advanced, AI-powered robotics mobility
platform, with last mile delivery in cities as its first application. See “ Description of Business ” below . At
the time the certificate of merger reflecting the Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware (the “Effective Time”),
each of Serve’s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into
the right to receive 0.8035 shares of our common stock (the “Common Share Conversion Ratio”) (in the case of shares held
by accredited investors), with the maximum number of shares of our common stock issuable to the former holders of Serve’s capital
stock equal to 20,948,917 after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, an aggregate
of 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock owned by our stockholders prior to the Merger were forfeited and cancelled (the “Stock
Forfeiture”). In
addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) options to purchase 1,984,951 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger under Serve’s 2021 Stock Plan (the “Serve Plan”) were
assumed and converted into options to purchase 1,594,900 shares of our common stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 17,314 shares of
Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted into
warrants to purchase 13,911 shares of our common stock, (iii) warrants to purchase 160,323 shares of Serve’s Series Seed
preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted into warrants to
purchase 128,819 shares of our common stock and (iv) simple agreement for future equity (“SAFEs”) totaling $15,551,953
were converted into 4,372,613 shares of our common stock. See “ Description
of Capital Stock ” below for more information. The issuance of shares of our common stock, options, or warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock, to Serve’s former security holders are collectively referred to as the “Share Conversion.” The
Merger Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing
conditions. As
a condition to the Merger, on July 31, 2023, we entered into indemnity agreements with our former officer and directors (the “Pre-Merger
Indemnity Agreement”), pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify such former officer and directors for actions taken by them in
their official capacities relating to the consideration, approval and consummation of the Merger and certain related transactions. The
Merger was treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes. Serve is considered the acquirer
for accounting purposes, and our historical financial statements before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements
of Serve before the Merger in future filings with the SEC. The Merger is intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). The
issuance of securities pursuant to the Share Conversion was not registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from
registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public
offering, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. These securities may not be offered or sold in
the U.S. absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement and are subject to further contractual restrictions
on transfer as described below under “ Shares Eligible for Future Sales .” 4 The Offering Immediately
following the Effective Time of the Merger, we sold 3,720,339 shares of our common stock in a private placement offering pursuant to
the Subscription Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers of common stock (the “Subscription Agreement”) at
a purchase price of $4.00 per share (the “Offering Price”). The private placement offering is referred to herein as the “Offering.” The
aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering were approximately $14.1 million (including the aggregate principal amount of Bridge
Notes converted as described above, and before deducting placement agent fees and expenses of the Offering, which are estimated at $1.6
million). The
Offering, including the grant of the Placement Agent Warrants (as defined below), was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The common stock in the Offering was
sold to accredited investors,” as defined in Regulation D, and the Offering was conducted on a “reasonable best efforts”
basis. In
addition, as a result of the foregoing, we issued to the holders of the Bridge Notes prior to their conversion, Bridge Warrants to purchase
468,984 shares of our common stock. In
connection with the Offering and subject to the closing of the Offering, we agreed to pay the placement agents, Aegis Capital Corp. and
Network 1 Financial Services, Inc. (the “Placement Agents”), each a U.S. registered broker-dealer, a cash placement fee of
8% of the gross proceeds raised from investors in the Offering (or 4% of gross proceeds raised from Insider Investors) and to issue (a)
to them warrants to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Offering
(other than to Insider Investors), with a term expiring three years after the common stock begins to trade on Nasdaq or New York Stock
Exchange and an exercise price of $4.00 per share (the “Placement Agent A Warrants”) and (b) to each of them warrants to
purchase 125,000 shares of common stock with the same term as the Placement Agent A Warrants and an exercise price of $0.001 per share
(the “Placement Agent B Warrants” and together with the Placement Agent A Warrants, the “Placement Agent Warrants”).
We also agreed to pay certain expenses of the Placement Agents in connection with the Offering. As
a result of the foregoing, we paid the Placement Agents an aggregate commission of $687,925 (not including the commission paid in connection
with the sale of the Bridge Notes) and issued to them Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase 122,307 shares of our common stock and Placement
Agent B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock in connection with the closing of the Offering. We have
also reimbursed the Placement Agents for approximately $60,000 of expenses incurred in connection with the Offering. Subject
to certain customary exceptions, we have agreed to indemnify the Placement Agents to the fullest extent permitted by law against
certain liabilities that may be incurred in connection with the Offering, including certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act,
and, where such indemnification is not available, to contribute to the payments the Placement Agents and their sub-agents may be required
to make in respect of such liabilities. 5 Lock-Up
Agreements All
officers and directors of the Company following the Merger and all holders of shares of common stock issued in exchange for all of the
equity securities of Serve in the Merger who held 5% or more of the total outstanding shares of Serve prior to the closing of the Merger
(each a “Restricted Holder”) entered into lock-up agreements with us for a term ending twelve months after the closing of
the Merger, whereby they have agreed to certain restrictions on the sale or disposition (including pledge) of all of our common stock
held by (or issuable to) them (other than 998,748 aggregate shares of common stock purchased by Restricted Holders in the Offering).
The lock-up agreements contain customary transfer exceptions. Registration
Rights In
connection with the Merger and the Offering, on July 31, 2023, we entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration
Rights Agreement”), pursuant to which we have agreed that promptly, but no later than 60 calendar days from the final closing of
the Offering, we will file, subject to customary exceptions, a registration statement with the SEC (the “Registration Statement”),
covering (i) the shares of our common stock issued in the Offering (including those issued upon conversion of the Bridge Notes);
(ii) the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrants; (iii) the shares of our common stock issuable upon
exercise of the Bridge Broker Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants; (iv) the shares of our common stock issued as a result
of the Share Conversion; and (v) 1,500,000 shares of our common stock held by our stockholders prior to the Merger ((i)-(v) collectively,
the “Registrable Shares”). We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such Registration Statement is
declared effective within 120 calendar days after the final closing of the Offering. Subject
to customary exceptions, if (i) we are late in filing the Registration Statement, (ii) the Registration Statement is not declared effective
within 120 days after the final closing of the Offering (provided that such failure of the Registration Statement to be declared effective
within 1 calendar days is the result of any action or failure to act on the part of the Company) (the “Registration Effectiveness
Date”), (iii) we fail to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, (iv) the holders of Registrable Shares cannot
use the Registration Statement to resell the Registrable Shares for a period of more than 15 consecutive trading days (except for suspension
of the use of the Registration Statement during certain Blackout Period (as defined below)), or (v) following the listing or inclusion
for quotation on the OTC Markets, the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”), the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) or
the NYSE American, trading of our common stock is suspended or halted for more than three full, consecutive trading days ((i)-(v) collectively,
“Registration Events”), we will make payments to each holder of Registrable Shares as monetary penalties at a rate equal
to 12% per annum of the total value of Registrable Shares held or purchased by such holder and affected during the period, based on the
Offering Price; provided that the maximum amount of monetary penalties paid by us will not exceed 5% of such total value. No monetary
penalties will accrue with respect to (1) any Registrable Shares removed from the Registration Statement in response to a comment from
the staff of the SEC limiting the number of shares of common stock which may be included in the Registration Statement (a “Cutback
Comment”), (2) any Registrable Shares that may be resold without manner of sale restrictions, current information requirements,
volume limitations or other limitations under Rule 144 or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act, (3) any
Registrable Shares excluded from a registration statement because a holder fails to provide information concerning the holder and the
manner of distribution of the holder’s Registrable Shares that is required by SEC rules to be disclosed, and (4) any circumstance
in which the SEC does not declare the Registration Statement effective on or before 120 days after the final closing of the Offering,
and the reason for the SEC’s determination is that (a) the offering of any of the Registrable Shares constitutes a primary offering
of securities by the Company, (b) Rule 415 of the Securities Act may not be relied upon for the registration of the resale of any or
all of the Registrable Shares, and/or (c) a holder of any Registrable Shares must be named as an underwriter and such holder does not
consent to be so named in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if the SEC does not declare the Registration
Statement effective before the Registration Effectiveness Date, in certain circumstances we may still be liable for liquidated damages
if we do not continue to use our commercially reasonable efforts at the first opportunity that is permitted by the SEC to register for
resale all such Registrable Securities, using one or more registration statements that we are then entitled to use. Any cutback
resulting from a Cutback Comment shall be applied to the Registrable Shares in the following order: (a) first from the shares
of our common stock issued as a result of the Share Conversion, on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof; (b) second from
the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Broker Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants, on a pro rata basis
among the holders thereof; (c) third from the shares of our common stock held by our stockholders prior to the Merger, on a pro
rata basis among the holders thereof; and (d) fourth from the shares of our common stock issued in the Offering and upon conversion
of the Bridge Notes and the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrants, on a pro rata basis among the holders
thereof. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement “Blackout Period” means, a period in which the Company determines
that the registration or distribution of the Registrable Shares to be covered by such registration statement, would be seriously detrimental
to the Company and its stockholders, commencing on the day the Company notifies the stockholders that they are required to suspend offers
and sales of Registrable Shares and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the material non-public information resulting in the
Blackout Period is disclosed to the public or ceases to be material and (ii) such time that the Company notifies the stockholders that
sales pursuant to the registration statement may resume. We
must use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective for five years from the date it is declared effective
by the SEC or until the date on which all Registrable Shares have been transferred other than to certain enumerated permitted assignees
under the Registration Rights Agreement. 6 We
will pay all expenses in connection with the registration obligations provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, including, without
limitation, all registration, filing, and stock exchange fees, printing expenses, all fees and expenses of complying with applicable
securities laws, the fees and disbursements of our counsel and of our independent public accountants, and the reasonable fees and disbursements
of a single counsel to the holders of the Registrable Shares, not to exceed $35,000. Each holder will be responsible for its own sales
commissions, if any, transfer taxes and the expenses of any other attorney or advisor such holder decides to employ. OTC Quotation Our
common stock is currently not listed on a national securities exchange or any other exchange, or quoted on an over-the-counter market.
Following completion of the Offering, we intend to cause our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Markets QB tier as soon as practicable
following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, even if we
do so, there can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to be quoted on the OTC Markets or quoted or listed on any other
market or exchange, or that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or continue. See “ Risk Factors—There
is currently no market for our common stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop. You may therefore be unable
to re-sell shares of our common stock at times and prices that you believe are appropriate .” Assumption
of Serve Warrants Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement and upon the closing of the Merger, we assumed each warrant to purchase Serve preferred or common stock that
remained outstanding, and we converted each into a warrant to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to the number of
shares of Serve preferred or common stock subject to the warrant immediately prior to the Merger, multiplied by the Common Share Conversion
Ratio, with any fraction rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share of each such assumed warrant is equal
to the exercise price of the Serve warrant prior to the assumption, divided by such applicable Merger conversion ratio (rounded up to
the nearest whole cent). Serve’s
2021 Stock Plan and Outstanding Awards Thereunder Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement and upon the closing of the Merger, we assumed each option to purchase Serve common stock that remained outstanding
under the Serve Plan, whether vested or unvested, and we converted it into an option to purchase such number of shares of our common
stock equal to the number of Serve common stock subject to the option immediately prior to the Merger, multiplied by the Merger conversion
ratio applicable to outstanding common stock, with any fraction rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share
of each such assumed option is equal to the exercise price of the Serve option prior to the assumption, divided by the Merger conversion
ratio applicable to outstanding common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). Otherwise, each assumed option continues to have,
and will be subject to, substantially the same terms and conditions as applied to the Serve option immediately prior to the Merger, including
the same vesting schedule. The terms of the Serve Plan continue to govern the options covering an aggregate of 1,594,900 shares of our
common stock subject to awards assumed by us, except that all references in the Serve Plan to Serve will now be deemed to refer to us.
No additional awards will be issued under the Serve Plan. See “ Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers— ”
below for more information about the Serve Plan and the outstanding awards thereunder. 7 Our 2023
Equity Incentive Plan Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement and upon the closing of the Merger, we adopted our 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”),
which provides for the issuance of incentive awards of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation
rights, performance awards, cash awards, and stock bonus awards. We initially did not reserve shares of our common stock for future issuance
pursuant to awards to be granted under our 2023 Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under our 2023 Plan will increase automatically
on October 1 of each of 2023 through 2033 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of 4% of the total number of outstanding shares
of our common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding month (calculated on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis), or
a number as may be determined by our board of directors. See “ Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers—Description
of the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan ” below for more information about the 2023 Plan. Departure
and Appointment of Directors and Officers Our
board of directors is authorized to, and currently consists of, six members. As of the Effective Time, Mark Tompkins and Ian Jacobs resigned
from our board of directors, and Ali Kashani, Touraj Parang, James Buckly Jordan, Sarfraz Maredia, Ali Pourdad and Olivier Vincent were
appointed to our board of directors. Also,
as of the Effective Time, Ian Jacobs resigned from all officer positions with us, and Ali Kashani was appointed as our Chief Executive
Officer, Touraj Parang was appointed as our President and Chief Operating Officer, April Pannell was appointed as our Chief Financial
Officer, and Euan Abraham was appointed as our Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering. See
“ Management ” below for information about our new directors and executive officers. Pro Forma
Ownership Immediately
after giving effect to the Merger (and assuming the issuance of an aggregate of 22,931,521 shares of our common stock in the Merger),
the Stock Forfeiture, and the closing of the Offering, there were up to 24,431,521 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
as of the Closing Date, as follows: ● | the shareholders of Serve prior to the Merger hold 19,211,182 shares of our common stock, excluding any shares purchased by them in the Offering, and after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares; ● | investors in the Bridge Notes and the Offering hold 3,720,339 shares of our common stock, excluding any shares issued to them in connection with the Merger as a result of being a holder of Serve stock prior to the Merger; and ● | 1,500,000 shares are held by persons who purchased or received such shares for services rendered from the Company prior to the Merger. In
addition, there were as of the Closing Date: ● | outstanding Bridge Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 468,984 shares of our common stock; ● | outstanding Bridge Broker Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock; ● | outstanding Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 112,307 shares of our common stock; 8 ● | outstanding Placement Agent B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock; ● | outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 1,594,900 shares of our common stock that were subject to options originally granted under the Serve Plan to former Serve option holders and assumed by us in connection with the Merger; and ● | outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 142,730shares of our common stock assumed by us in connection with the Merger. No
other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock are outstanding as of the date of this Report. Accounting
Treatment; Change of Control The
Merger is being accounted for as a “reverse merger” or “reverse acquisition,” and Serve is deemed to be the acquirer
in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in our financial
statements relating to periods prior to the Merger will be those of Serve, and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of Serve,
and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities of Serve, historical
operations of Serve, and operations of the Company from the Closing Date. As a result of the issuance of the shares of our common stock
pursuant to the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred as of the date of consummation of the Merger. Except
as described in this Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present or former controlling stockholders with respect to
the election of members of our board of directors and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements exist that might result in a change of
control of the Company. We
expect to continue to be a “smaller reporting company,” as defined under the Exchange Act, and an “emerging growth
company” under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) immediately following the Merger. We
believe that as a result of the Merger, we have ceased to be a “shell company” (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act). 9 DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS Formation
History Serve
Robotics Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on January 15, 2021. Serve is a spin-off of Uber Technologies Inc. (“Uber”),
a global ride-hailing and last mile delivery platform. The Serve initiative was initially formed in 2017 as the X division of Postmates
Inc. (“Postmates”), a pioneering food delivery startup in the United States. Uber acquired Postmates in 2020, including the
Postmates X division. At
the beginning of 2021, Uber’s leadership agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the Postmates X division team,
the related assets, as well as a capital investment to Serve in return for a minority equity interest in the business. Serve’s
website address is www.serverobotics.com and we can be contacted at invest@serverobotics.com. Information contained on, or that can be
accessed through, our website is not a part of this Report. Glossary
of Terms and Abbreviations The
following is a glossary of technical terms used in this Report: AI
— Artificial Intelligence AV
— Autonomous Vehicle GHG
— Greenhouse Gases GPS
— Global Positioning System GPU
— Graphical Processing Unit IMU
— Inertial Measurement Unit LIDAR
— A digital sensor for measuring distance to objects which uses the principle of radar, but uses light from a laser ODD
— Operating Design Domain describes the specific operating conditions in which the automated driving system is designed to
properly operate, including but not limited to roadway types, speed range, and environmental conditions Reverse
Logistics — A type of supply chain management that moves goods from customers back to the sellers or manufacturers TAM
— Total Addressable Market Company
Overview We
are on a mission to deliver a sustainable future by transforming how goods move among people. Serve
has developed an advanced, AI-powered robotics mobility platform, with last mile delivery in cities as its first application. According
to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics (2017), 45% of car trips are taken for shopping and errands, while FedEx has stated that over
60% of merchants’ customers live within three miles of a store location (2019). By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by
reducing the cost of last mile transportation, Serve aims to reshape cities into sustainable, safe, and people-friendly environments,
with thriving local economies. 10 Serve’s
first product is a zero-emissions robot that serves people in public spaces, starting with food delivery. In 2017, our core technology
development began by our co-founders and a growing product and engineering team. In 2020, the team launched a fleet of sidewalk delivery
robots (hereafter simply referred to as “delivery robots”) in Los Angeles performing contactless restaurant deliveries during
the COVID-19 pandemic shutdowns. By the end of that year, Serve robots had successfully completed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for
Postmates in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. After
the spin-off in 2021, Serve established a commercial partnership with Uber, with deliveries starting in January 2022 at a small scale.
In May 2022, Uber announced a pilot program with Serve, and by June, it executed a commercial-scale agreement with Serve to deploy up
to 2,000 of its robots across the United States. Serve’s
current fleet consists of over 100 robots, and we plan to expand our fleet by building and deploying hundreds of new robots in coming
years after raising additional rounds of financing. We have platform-level integrations with Uber Eats and 7-Eleven, Inc. and have successfully
conducted pilots for Walmart and a major pizza quick service restaurant. Our strategic investors include NVIDIA, Uber, 7-Ventures and
Delivery Hero’s corporate venture units, alongside other world-class investors. Because
Serve started within a food delivery company, our team comes with an unparalleled depth of expertise in food delivery. Additionally,
the engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation and robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Postmates,
DoorDash, Inc., Waymo, Apple Inc., Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc., and Anki, Inc. Our expertise uniquely positions us to
service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based
on our proprietary historical delivery data, approximately half of all delivery distances in the United States are less than 2.5 miles
and well-suited to delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that delights customers, improves reliability
for merchants and reduces traffic congestion and vehicle emissions. Moreover, at scale we expect our robots will complete deliveries
at lower cost than human couriers, making on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in which we operate. Last Mile
Delivery Costs Despite
new technological innovations of the past few decades as well as growing adoption of online commerce and home delivery, last mile delivery
has remained costly and inefficient. By our own estimate, issues such as refunds and crediting caused by driver error (e.g., failed deliveries
or missing items) and fraud increase average delivery cost by over $1.00 per delivery. In 2022, DoorDash, the largest food delivery platform
in the United States, reported 35% revenue growth while net losses increased over 190%. Besides
on-demand delivery, next-day parcel delivery has also struggled with last mile cost. For example, in May 2023, Amazon announced a program
to reduce its delivery costs by offering customers $10 to pick up items from nearby stores. Tailwinds
for Automation While
an ever-growing share of consumers is shopping online and demanding faster deliveries, a number of factors have contributed to keeping
last mile costs high: ● | Labor shortages caused by the aging population and the COVID-19 pandemic have led to wage inflation. ● | On-demand delivery companies in many jurisdictions are battling regulatory pressures to classify gig workers as employees, which would in turn increase labor costs. ● | More recently, cities across the United States have introduced maximum limits on how much delivery platforms can charge restaurants and merchants, highlighting the need to lower underlying delivery costs. 11 Labor
cost inflation and regulatory pressures serve as tailwinds that are expected to accelerate the adoption of automated robotic last mile
delivery. While labor costs typically increase over time, hardware and technology costs typically decrease. We expect the cost of cameras,
GPU processors, electric motors, batteries, and advanced sensors such as LIDAR to continue to decrease, while mobile networks will become
faster and more reliable with higher bandwidth and geographic coverage, which will lead to a downward trend in the cost of building and
operating robots. Delivery
Robots, Aerial Drones and Autonomous Vehicle Deliveries
vary by distance, cargo size, cargo sensitivity and timing requirements, among other factors. Today, most next-day parcels are delivered
using trucks, while on-demand food delivery largely takes place in personal vehicles. Overall, a small percentage of short distance deliveries
are performed on bicycles. As
automation is introduced, different automated technologies will be best suited for different deliveries. AVs will be best for longer
distance and larger deliveries, though experts currently believe AVs are still many years away from scaled, profitable operation. Delivery
robots and aerial drones, however, have been commercially operating in a variety of environments for several years and are expected to
scale rapidly over the coming years. Robots are best suited for short distance deliveries in populated environments and drones are best
suited for longer distances and less populated areas. When different automated vehicles emerge at scale, we expect to see a considerable
share of deliveries completed using multiple technologies collaboratively. For
example, while aerial drones may provide faster delivery experience across longer distances and less populated areas, they face many
challenges when it comes to picking up orders from many restaurants located in densely populated areas: safety concerns to sidewalk pedestrians,
noise pollution, and lack of availability of dedicated real estate at every store front, among others. Instead, we expect delivery robots
will be able to pick up items on busy streets and urban environments, and deliver them to a drone at a nearby hand-off location. While
in motion, a battery-powered delivery robot often generates less noise and carries considerably less kinetic energy than a flying drone.
By blending with existing infrastructure without introducing significant noise or safety concerns, delivery robots can enable drones
to access items in the most populated spaces that may otherwise be challenging for drones to access. Similarly,
when AVs become commercially viable, they will face challenges accessing merchants on congested streets where parking is limited. Restaurant
waiting staff are often too busy to walk to the nearest available parking space to load an AV. We expect delivery robots will facilitate
this process and help accelerate the adoption of AVs by allowing them to commercialize within existing urban infrastructures. In
summary, delivery robots, aerial drones and AVs are each efficacious for deliveries with different attributes, and all three will work
collaboratively to create the most efficient automated last mile delivery network. Impact
of Robotic Delivery As
automation decreases the cost of last mile delivery and leads to increased adoption, we anticipate significant opportunities for impact: ● | Reduced GHG Emissions: Robots and drones can substantially reduce emissions caused by large vehicles used today for moving small packages. ● | Lower Delivery Costs: While all automated delivery vehicles still require a certain amount of human involvement (e.g., loading & unloading, maintenance, remote supervision), the labor is leveraged more efficiently resulting in more deliveries per unit of human effort. Just as automation has done in the past, it is expected that this will significantly reduce delivery costs. ● | Increased On-Demand Adoption: On-demand services are largely luxuries afforded by affluent consumers today. Reducing delivery costs could make home delivery services affordable to more people. ● | Easier Reverse Logistics: Reducing the cost for last mile transportation is likely to increase adoption of reverse logistics applications as well (e.g., more convenience package returns). 12 ● | More Local Commerce: We expect that the increased adoption of home delivery will result in more commerce for local businesses. When the cost of delivering a product from a local store is no more than ordering from a centralized warehouse, and the local order could arrive within minutes rather than days, we believe consumers will choose to shop locally. Moreover,
faster and cheaper local deliveries as well as easier and more cost-effective reverse logistics will likely result in new consumer behaviors
and increased use of online commerce. For example, a customer ordering a pair of shoes from Amazon may wait several days only to receive
ill-fitting footwear that must be returned while they wait more days for the next pair. In contrast, a customer ordering a pair of shoes
from a local store could see three pairs of varying sizes delivered to their front door by a robot within an hour. They may try them
on, pick the best fitting pair, and leave the other pairs in the robot to return. ● | More Local Jobs : Increased adoption of on-demand services, increased local commerce activities, new applications for home delivery and reverse logistics, and new consumer behaviors are expected to lead to more local jobs, ranging from increased staffing of local businesses to service additional demand, logistics operators who enable automated delivery networks to function, and human couriers who perform deliveries that automated services cannot perform. A similar impact was observed upon the introduction of Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) in banking, when the reduced cost of banking caused by automation resulted in an influx of new bank customers, which in turn resulted in more bank teller jobs being created to serve those customers. ● | Higher Delivery Quality: Like most automated systems, robots are less prone to error. For example, customers of food delivery platforms often experience missing items, mistaken orders, and lost or missed deliveries altogether. Robots promise to reduce such errors, creating a better experience for customers and merchants alike. ● | Safer Roads: According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, there were 6,516 pedestrians and 932 cyclists killed in motor vehicle crashes in 2020 in the United States. This represents a 4% increase in pedestrian deaths and a 4.5% increase in bicyclist deaths from 2019. The deaths accounted for 19% of all traffic fatalities in the United States in 2020. In addition to the fatalities, there were also an estimated 54,769 pedestrians and 38,886 cyclists injured in motor vehicle crashes in 2020. These injuries can be serious and life-changing, and they can also have a significant financial impact on the victims and their families. There are many factors that contribute to pedestrian and bicyclist fatalities and injuries, including: speeding, distracted driving, drunk driving, and aggressive driving. Delivery
robots weigh significantly less and move at lower speeds than cars; as a result, on average, a single car carries over a thousand times
more kinetic energy than a single robot. We anticipate that replacing cars with delivery robots could result in safer cities for pedestrians
and cyclists. ● | Friendlier Cities: Today it is estimated that as much as one half of city land area in the United States is dedicated to streets, parking lots, driveways, and other car-related uses according to the University of Michigan. With mass adoption of automated last mile delivery vehicles, such as robots and drones, more spaces in cities can be reclaimed from vehicles and used to create social and green spaces. Total
Addressable Market for Delivery Robots The
applications of robotic delivery are wide-ranging, from on-demand food and grocery to convenience goods, alcohol, pharmaceuticals, parcels,
and more. Our
projections for 2025 suggest a $155 billion TAM opportunity in restaurant delivery alone. This year, online food delivery is estimated
to be a $255 billion market growing annually at over 10.3% according to Grand View Research. Using our proprietary historical delivery
data to assume that half of all restaurant deliveries are within robot delivery distance, we arrive at our $155 billion TAM estimate. 13 Additionally,
we project a $125 billion TAM for robotic grocery deliveries by 2025. Once again, this would be 50% of the online grocery market by 2025,
projected at $250 billion according to Mercatus and Incisiv. We also estimate a $66 billion TAM for short distance pharmacy delivery
by 2025. Serve
Technology Our
robotic technology has been developed based on the following key principles: 1. | Humans and Machines: We believe that the most effective way to quickly unleash the benefits of AI and autonomy in our lives is by designing solutions that leverage both human and machine intelligence in ways that collaborate and complement each other. Creating fully autonomous machines that are safe and reliable without any human intervention requires substantially more time and capital investment than creating machines that are mostly automated but can rely on occasional human support, especially when it comes to high consequence safety-critical decisions. 2. | Labor-Optimized: We believe the cost of advanced sensors and hardware will continue to decrease over the coming years, and optimizing against such costs can be premature and an investment with diminishing long term returns. Instead, we have continued to innovate by designing uniquely capable hardware and software solutions for robotic last mile delivery that optimize against the largest cost of delivery: labor. 3. | Robots Among People: We believe that building world-class hardware, software, AI and autonomy for robots to share spaces with people is how we are uniquely positioned to build market value and create a lasting legacy. 4. | Robotic Platform: Our mission is to build a superior robotic platform that can accelerate the adoption of robotic solutions beyond last mile delivery. The
following are key highlights of our approach to technology development: Artificial
Intelligence — AI empowers Serve robots to navigate city sidewalks and interact with their environment safely and efficiently.
We use the latest AI methodologies to design, train and deploy a host of models on Serve robots. Our AI models are used to perform a
variety of tasks, including identification of sidewalk surfaces, intersections, traffic signals, obstacles, pedestrians and vehicles,
and projecting the trajectory of other dynamic agents. For
the last six years of development, we have continued to create AI models with new capabilities, while improving the performance of existing
models. We expect to continue investing significantly in developing increasingly more capable AI models to improve robots’ performance
and differentiate Serve from alternative products and solutions. As the broader field of Artificial Intelligence advances, we expect
to benefit from such advances by increasing efficiency and effectiveness of our robots. Level
4 Autonomy — In January 2022, we announced the deployment of a new generation of delivery robots capable of operating at
Level 4 autonomy. 14 Level
4 autonomous robots can drive without humans in the loop for periods of time while they are operating in their intended operating environments
(also known as “ODDs”). Specifically, Serve robots are capable of driving autonomously on certain sidewalks without a remote
human supervisor having to oversee their movement. This capability makes it possible to operate our robots at lower cost than remotely
operated robots used by our competitors, because it enables a single remote operator to simultaneously perform multiple deliveries. Safety — Achieving Level 4 autonomy requires Serve robots to maintain safety even when operating without supervision. As such,
we have designed robust onboard safety systems that rely heavily on Serve’s advanced sensors and AI capabilities. This significantly
reduces the possibility of collisions even when the robots are being supervised. In
fact, we believe robots that rely heavily on humans for safety are not sufficiently safe, because without automated onboard safety features,
humans are prone to error. Also, data networks used for remote supervision frequently fail, slow down or get interrupted. Therefore,
over-reliance on error-prone humans and failure-prone data networks makes human-in-the-loop safety inadequate. In
contrast, Serve robots are equipped with an extensive array of onboard technologies that ensure safe and reliable operation without over-reliance
on humans. Serve robots utilize multiple layers of redundant systems for critical navigation functions, including multiple sensor modalities—active
sensors such as LIDAR and ultrasonics, as well as passive sensors such as cameras—to navigate safely on busy city sidewalks. Our
robots have a wide range of capabilities, such as: ● | Automatic emergency braking: If a remote supervisor mistakenly puts a robot at risk of collision, the robot will automatically override the remote supervisor and come to a stop. ● | Vehicle collision avoidance: While Serve robots and their remote supervisors are trained to ensure legal and safe crossing of intersections and driveways, drivers of vehicles can still cause vehicle-to-robot collisions. Similar driver errors cause thousands of fatalities and injuries to pedestrians and cyclists every year. As such, Serve robots are equipped with AI features that assess the risk of collision with nearby vehicles and minimize such risks by taking necessary actions such as stopping prior to a collision. ● | Fail-safe mechanical braking: Another unique and innovative capability of Serve robots is their fail-safe emergency braking. No matter how reliable and well tested, batteries, electronics and computer systems occasionally fail. During any such failures, Serve robots automatically come to a full stop through a mechanically designed fail safe braking system. Some robots used by competitors solely rely on electronic braking, which can become ineffective during power or computer failures. 15 Robot
Design — As a division of Postmates during Serve’s inception, we had access to millions of historical delivery records.
This enabled us to design robots from the ground up based on unique insights about last mile delivery. Serve
robots consist of a number of key systems: ● | Drivetrain: Serve’s innovative four-wheel drive system is custom-made for navigating city sidewalks. It includes Ackerman steering similar to road vehicles, emergency fail-safe braking, and a bogie suspension mechanism. Our unique design is a result of years of iteration and field testing. Rather
than a fixed wheelbase, our robots use a bogie that connects the pair of wheels on each side of the robot together via a differential.
Relative to the main chassis, each pair of wheels can rotate in opposite directions to maintain full traction on all four wheels regardless
of road surface irregularities. As a result, Serve robots can reliably navigate challenging city sidewalks that include tree wells, fallen
branches, tree roots and other unexpected obstacles. Our
bogie design was inspired by the suspension arrangement first developed by NASA in 1988 for the Mars rover Sojourner . Since then,
NASA has used similar designs in Mars rovers Spirit, Opportunity , Curiosity, and, most recently Perseverance. ● | Power System: Serve’s custom designed power distribution system and redundant batteries enable it to operate reliably from morning to night without requiring charging or battery swaps. Robots charge within a few hours upon returning to their home station at night. ● | Connectivity : Serve robots include redundant LTE modems and antennas that ensure they can consistently connect to cloud services used to dispatch and route their movements, as well as be monitored by remote supervisors. ● | Sensing & Compute: Serve robots are equipped with an array of cameras, ultrasonic sensors, a pair of stereo cameras, an infrared-based depth sensor, GPS sensors, IMUs, and a 360-degrees LIDAR sensor. Additionally, the robots use multiple CPU and GPU chips to process sensor information, run AI models, perform actions, interact with pedestrians, and connect to the internet. ● | Secured Cargo: Serve’s cargo bin is designed for maximum capacity, ease of use, customizability, and operational efficiency. The bin fits two large shopping bags or four large pizzas. During operation the bin remains locked and is only accessible to designated restaurant staff and delivery customers, who can use their delivery app or the PIN pad on the robot’s touchscreen to unlock the cargo. Once the user completes loading or unloading, the cargo lid shuts down and locks automatically, without requiring additional human assistance. Lastly, the cargo space is designed to remain sufficiently clean and operational even if there is liquid spillage. Upon returning to the base, the interior of the bin can be removed for cleaning and sanitization. ● | Display and Lights: In order to create a user-friendly experience for merchants and customers that requires no training or onboarding, as well as to create a friendly and positive experience for pedestrians and other sidewalk users, Serve’s design includes a touchscreen display for indicating robot status and providing instructions. The design also includes a number of functional lights, including a light ring around the bin, brake lights, front headlights, and a pair of circular eyes for expressing intentions and anthropomorphizing the robots. 16 The
following table provides a list of Serve’s hardware specifications: Speed | 7 mph (max)
Range | 23 miles, 10 hours
Weather | Light Rain, 32-104°F
Autonomy | >80% Autonomy Capability
Cargo | 13 GAL (2 Lg Shopping Bags, 4 Lg Pizzas) Serve
robots are designed to operate in common environmental conditions in each operating market. Currently we limit Serve’s operation
to warm and dry climates, and do not operate robots under rare or extreme conditions such as strong storms or unusually high or low temperatures.
With each new generation of robots, we plan to continually expand their operating envelope (e.g., introducing the ability to manage ice
and snow), which in turn expands Serve’s market reach. Manufacturing
— Our robots are designed by Serve’s high caliber team of mechanical, electrical, and system engineers to not only
meet product requirements but also supply availability of components and manufacturing and assembly for scalability. Most
components are widely available in supply and/or fabricated from raw materials using common manufacturing processes including machining,
molding, stamping, and additive manufacturing from multiple sources. However, certain highly complex components are obtained from single
or limited sources that we may have to compete for with other participants in the robotics, consumer electronics, and automotive markets.
Therefore, these components can be at times subject to industry-wide shortages, resulting in long lead times and significant pricing
fluctuations. Key suppliers of single and limited source components include NVIDIA and Ouster, Inc., in addition to vendors providing
cameras, ultrasonic sensors, electronic motors, and modems. To mitigate such supply risks, we routinely search for more available alternatives
and/or enter into strategic partnerships and agreements to secure pricing and supply of components. Finally,
manufacturing and assembly of robots take place after component supply has been secured. We have proven, first-hand experience designing
and assembling multiple generations of Serve robots and we believe our designs are highly manufacturable for contract manufacturers to
outsource. Therefore, we are not dependent on any particular outsourcing partner and we are, instead, able to vet top tier contract manufacturers
for their DFM (Design for Manufacturing) capabilities and leverage their existing scale to assemble robots in the most cost-effective
and timely manner. This typically starts with SMT (Surface Mount Technology) pick and place machines to assemble PCBAs (Printed Circuit
Board Assemblies) in batches followed by FATP (Final Assembly Test & Pack) on all the remaining components by subassemblies into
fully completed robots before being shipped out and deployed into our markets. The
most recent batch of Serve robots was assembled by a tier 1 contract manufacturer in California within a few months and came in at our
highest yield and throughput, all at a manufacturing cost that makes up a small fraction of our total robot cost. This speaks volumes
on our ability to design and execute with all our component suppliers and contract manufacturers and we expect to improve even further
as we scale with higher volumes. We
are party to a Lease Agreement with Farnam Street Financial, Inc. dated as of June 6, 2022 (the “Farnam Lease”), pursuant
to which we rent equipment and software which we use to manufacture our robots. The Farnam Lease has an initial term of 24 months. Pursuant
to the Farnam Lease we have a purchase option allowing us to purchase the equipment subject to the Farnam Lease on the last day of the
initial lease term, in whole and not in part, for either 40% of the original equipment cost, plus applicable taxes, or at a mutually-agreed
upon purchase price not to exceed 40% of the original equipment cost. The Farnam Lease also includes a right of first refusal requiring
us to notify Farnam of any bona fide offer from a third party to lease robots from us (a “Third-Party Offer’) which we intend
to accept. Prior to accepting such offer, we must make an offer to Farnam on the same terms and conditions as the Third-Party Offer.
This right of first refusal expires concurrently with the Farnam Agreement. 17 Robots
That Win Hearts and Minds New
technologies often face initial resistance and skepticism before becoming widely accepted. We believe delivery robots are no exception.
As such, we have invested significant time and effort in creating robots that would be welcomed by society. Our years of commercial operations
to date suggest we are on track to accomplish our mission. In
order to make robots acceptable by the public, we set out our design efforts with a number of key objectives: ● | Be familiar: Our robot design is inspired by familiar sidewalk objects such as baby strollers and shopping carts. Unfamiliar form factors can elicit strong resistance, whereas familiar-looking robots with blinking eyes and personalized names seem to already belong. ● | Be fresh: First impressions are lasting impressions. Thanks to decades of negative and dystopian portrayal of robots in science fiction, introducing robots to the public requires a strong first impression that would encourage a readjustment in existing preconceptions. One way to achieve this is by creating a robot design that is pleasantly surprising and unexpected, so that it would bring into question whatever fearful or dystopian views one might hold prior to meeting a Serve robot in person. ● | Be deferential: We believe robots are here to serve people, and therefore during everyday interactions on city sidewalks, robots must make every effort to stay respectful and compliant of people they share space with. For example, when their motion trajectory conflicts with a person, robots should always yield and prioritize people. ● | Be considerate: Sidewalks are a shared space where people from every walk of life, language, and physical ability come together. Robots must be designed with all users of public spaces in mind. For example, while waiting to cross an intersection, our robots are trained to avoid blocking curb ramps needed by wheelchairs. Serve’s
talented design team has applied the above principles as they studied human-robot interactions on sidewalks, and they have created a
robot design that stands in a class of its own. Business
Plan After
six years of research and development investment in AI, autonomy, safety, and efficiency of our robots, we are in a leading position
to partner with the world’s largest food delivery platforms, restaurants, retailers, and convenience brands to augment their last-mile
human delivery capabilities. Our business model relies on providing partners with a complete end-to-end delivery solution and charging
a fee per delivery—or per hour depending on the type of partnership. Additionally,
robots can perform other value-add tasks while in operation, and capture additional revenues. For example, in 2022 while roughly 50%
of our revenue was generated by delivery fees on the Uber Eats platform, the other 50% was generated through branding. Brands have used
Out of Home (OOH) branding on transit vehicles since the age of streetcars in the 1800s. Similar to billboards and buses today, brands
are placing ads on Serve robots’ exteriors. We
anticipate additional revenue opportunities from delivery robots in the future. For example, robots can provide a new, more granular
and timely data source to mapping providers. They can also enable cities to identify infrastructure problems. As robots become more common,
we expect to identify new ways for robots to create value while operating. New
revenues from robot branding and other services supplement delivery revenues, and as a result position delivery robots with better
economics compared with existing delivery solutions. 18 Partnerships In
2021, Serve signed a commercial agreement with Uber Technologies Inc. Pilot deliveries began in early 2022 and in June 2022, we signed
an additional agreement to enable the commercial expansion of our service with up to 2,000 robots across multiple markets. Uber
launched its first-of-a-kind autonomy APIs in August 2022, with Serve as one of its first integrated partners. Since last year, we have
completed thousands of deliveries for Uber Eats customers in Los Angeles and continue to expand our operations. Uber is also a strategic
investor in Serve and has participated in multiple financing rounds, and as a result it owns a minority stake in our company. In
addition to Uber and 7-Eleven, Serve has performed successful pilots for Walmart at its headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, as well
as for a major pizza quick service restaurant in Vancouver, Canada. Negotiations and integration discussions continue with both partners. Serve
is also in discussions with Delivery Hero, also a strategic investor, to identify suitable markets outside North America to launch their
first deployment. Lastly,
Serve is at various stages of discussions with a number of other restaurant brands, restaurant integrator platforms, delivery platforms,
and logistics companies. Traction Currently,
we provide robotic delivery to more than 300 restaurants on the Uber Eats platform in Los Angeles. To date, we have completed thousands
of deliveries to Uber Eats customers, and our delivery volume has grown over 30% month-over-month since early 2022. Serve
robots’ delivery reliability is most notable. Our proprietary historical delivery data suggest that on average human couriers fail
to complete five or more orders per every 1,000 deliveries (i.e., 99.5% reliability), whereas Serve robots currently complete all but
one delivery per 1,000 (i.e., 99.9% reliability). That means our robots are over five times more reliable than human couriers. Improved
delivery quality enhances both customers’ and restaurants’ experiences, as well as reducing the added cost of refunds caused
by courier error. Growth
Strategy We
plan to continue growing our delivery operations and establish Serve as the de facto global leader in automated last mile delivery. Our
growth will be facilitated by continued investment in our hardware, software and AI developments that increase the performance and efficiency
of our fleet. Over
the next 18 months we plan to grow our operation fleet by 10 times and operate in at least two markets. Our existing partnerships enable
us to access sufficient demand for our projected growth over that period and beyond. Additionally,
we plan to continue partnership discussions with a number of food and grocery brands, as well as other delivery and restaurant ordering
platforms. Strategic
Investments and Relationships In
addition to revenue partnerships, we have developed strategic relations and collaborate with market leaders in robotics and delivery.
Such collaborations have allowed us to improve our product, accelerate our growth, explore new market opportunities, and access additional
capital. NVIDIA
— The leading provider of high-performance GPU computing chips, NVIDIA is an early technology collaborator of Serve. We
have worked with NVIDIA’s robotics and engineering teams for over five years. In 2022, NVIDIA invested a total of $10 million in
Serve. 19 Delivery
Hero SE — A German multinational online food ordering platform with significant presence in Europe and Asia, Delivery Hero
is also an early investor of Serve. Uber
Technologies Inc. — As discussed earlier, Uber holds a minority stake in Serve by contributing Serve’s initial IP
and assets developed at Postmates X, as well as by participating in multiple financing rounds. Uber is a key commercial partner and has
enabled us to reach hundreds of restaurants and thousands of customers within weeks of launching on their platform. 7-Eleven
Inc. and 7-Ventures, LLC — Global convenience retailer with over 13,000 locations in the US and Canada , 7-Eleven is another
early strategic investor in Serve. Our partnership discussions began in 2020 when Serve was a part of Postmates. 7-Eleven is our first
foray into the convenience market, as well as our first direct integration with a retail chain. 7-Ventures, LLC, is an investment firm
which operates as the venture capital arm of 7-Eleven®. The firm invests primarily in companies with emerging retail technology,
consumer-focused services, and disruptive CPG products that complement 7-Eleven’s legacy of innovation. In
addition to the existing partnerships, we are in discussions with other potential strategic partners that would enable us to grow faster
and reach more customers. Economics
of Robotic Delivery The
unit cost of robotic delivery can be divided into two major components: labor costs related to fleet management personnel (remote supervision,
field operations, and hardware operations) and costs related to the robots (licensed software, mobile data fees, and robot lease payments). The
two most important drivers of delivery cost efficiency are autonomy and robot utilization. Increased autonomy reduces the cost of labor
by increasing the number of deliveries per remote supervisor and field operator. Similarly, increasing robot utilization (i.e., number
of deliveries per robot per day) leads to lower per delivery cost as fixed costs would be divided over more deliveries, and labor would
be more efficiently leveraged. Additional
cost drivers include hardware amortization period, upfront capital costs, and hourly wages for field and remote operations. It
is worth noting the importance of the amortization period in hardware design choices. Designing a more durable robot, as well as using
reusable components, will help reduce the cost of delivery. For example, LIDAR sensors and GPU computers have a higher initial cost of
capital, and as such some have decided against using them; however, they are long-lasting components that can be amortized over a number
of years, and most importantly, they increase autonomy performance and reduce the more significant labor costs. Besides
increasing autonomy performance and robot utilization, achieving operational profitability requires scaling the fleet. Scaled operations
allow labor to be more efficiently utilized, while building robots at a higher volume also reduces the unit cost of hardware. Competition There
are existing direct competitors in the sidewalk robotic space including Kiwibot, Starship Technologies, Coco, and Cartken. Kiwibot and
Starship primarily focus on college campuses. College campus environments are smaller markets compared to our target market of urban
environments. According to the Education Data Initiative, nearly 18 million students were enrolled in American colleges in 2022, compared
to over 274 million people who live in urban environments according to University of Michigan’s Center for Sustainable Systems. Similar
to Serve, Coco focuses on urban delivery but does not have a marketplace integration with a major third-party delivery platform, significantly
constraining its ability to scale. Furthermore, Coco lacks advanced autonomy and requires a human remote operator to drive each robot
at all times, diminishing cost-effectiveness, scalability, and safety. Cartken is a newer entrant to the space with limited operations. 20 Why Is
Serve Positioned to Win Our
world-class team, superior technology, and market-leading partnerships position us well to win the robotic delivery race. Serve’s
approach to product development and go-to-market strategy has been informed by the proprietary historical delivery data we had the privilege
to access inside Postmates. We developed sophisticated simulation tools to anticipate the dynamics of robotic delivery, and design our
hardware, software and operations accordingly. As
a result of our unique data, we have created the following: ● | Unique Robot: We have designed a one-of-a-kind robot, purpose-built for last mile urban delivery, with a uniquely suitable drivetrain, battery life, cargo design, and more. ● | Best-in-Class Autonomy: Having understood the importance of autonomy for profitable unit economics from early simulations, we invested considerably in suitable sensors, computing stack, and AI models to achieve Level 4 autonomous capability. ● | Fastest, Most Scalable Go-to-Market: We have led competition in our go-to-market approach in urban environments, with the largest number of restaurant partners and highest density of partners per geographic region. ● | Highest Robot Utilization: We have achieved higher robot utilization than other robotic delivery providers, as a result of our robot design, partnership strategy and integrations. ● | Efficient Unit Economics: Leading in autonomy and robot utilization results in cheaper delivery economics. ● | Safest: Our robots are equipped with the most sophisticated sensors, more redundancy in sensing than competition, and more robust safety features such as mechanical fail-safe braking. In
addition to having the best-in-class technology, strongest strategic partnerships, and significant deployment contracts, we have also
assembled a high integrity, talented team, with a wealth of experience and a history of execution in creating innovative products and
businesses. Serve
Values Serve
is a mission-driven company based on a set of values that drive who we are and what we do: Empower
People — We serve our neighborhoods and support local businesses. We go beyond self-interest, taking our community into
account. We empower each other with trust and autonomy to solve big problems to build a sustainable future. Passionate,
Authentic and Kind — We are mission driven. We value each other. We celebrate milestones and moments, both at Serve and
in our personal lives. Trustworthy
— We operate with integrity. We do what we say we will do. We are honest, transparent, and respectful. Safety
Is Not Negotiable — We set the standard for safety. Our goal is to eliminate risks to safety. Our commitment goes beyond
the sidewalk—we protect our customers’ data, our employees, and the public. Take
Ownership, Give Credit — It’s not mine, it’s not yours, it’s ours. We solve big audacious problems working
together as a distributed, cross-functional team. We take pride in the quality of our work and no task is beneath us. Put
the Marshmallow on Top — We are humbled by unknowns, not defeated. We see opportunity in ambiguity. We don’t need
turn-by-turn directions, but plan our own routes and even scout for others. We embrace experimentation in the face of uncertainty. 21 Find
Truth on the Sidewalk — We experiment rapidly and discover eagerly in the real world. We move fast, gather data, and learn
by delivering. Deliver
Delight — Both to our customers or to each other! We exceed customer expectations. We bring joy to our work and to our
neighborhoods. Environmental
Impact Based
on our internal data, we estimate that well over 95% of deliveries completed by Serve robots over the last year would otherwise be performed
by personal vehicles. At scale, we estimate that delivery robots can reduce global GHG emissions by over 500 megatons annually by replacing
deliveries by personal vehicles, which represents approximately 2% of the 36.8 billion metric tons of global emissions (IEA 2022). According
to the International Energy Agency, three billion metric tons of CO2 were emitted by passenger vehicles in 2020. Assuming the 2017 estimate
by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics that 45% of car trips were taken for shopping and errands, and our proprietary delivery data
indicating half of all shopping trips can be completed by delivery robots, this suggests that the scaled use of robotic delivery could
reduce global passenger car emissions by roughly 18%, which equals 2% of all CO2 emissions globally. Government
Regulations In
the United States, by default delivery robots are allowed to operate on sidewalks. Over twenty states and a number of cities have put
in place legal frameworks to explicitly permit the use of delivery robots. The instances of cities welcoming delivery robots far exceed
the few examples in which their operations were banned. This positive regulatory momentum for delivery robots may be due to a number
of factors: ● | Robots Inherently Safer: Cars carry over 1,000 times more kinetic energy than robots. As a result of having much lower kinetic energy, robots do not pose the same risk for injury or fatality that cars do. Meanwhile, cars injure and kill thousands of pedestrians and cyclists each year. Removing unnecessary car trips can make cities safer for pedestrians and cyclists. ● | Robots Reduce Emissions: Many cities have established targets for reducing carbon emissions, and robots can help advance their environmental initiatives. ● | Robots Reduce Congestion: Deliveries often originate in high traffic regions where restaurants and shops tend to be located. As a result, removing delivery car traffic can reduce congestion and parking issues in cities. ● | Robots Reduce Delivery Cost for Local Merchants: Recently, a number of cities have implemented restrictions on how much delivery platforms can charge restaurants for their services. Robots can offer a cheaper alternative to help local restaurants and merchants reduce their delivery costs. As
we expand our operations, we are committed to continue and engage with local municipalities and regulators, to collaboratively introduce
our innovative technology to new communities. Intellectual
Property We
have applied for 18 patents in China, the United States, Canada, and through the Patent Cooperation Treaty. We
have thus far been granted nine of the 18 patents for which we have applied. Our granted patents will expire between May 2029 and June
2039, assuming that all maintenance fees are paid, no portion of the patent has been terminally disclaimed and the patent has not been
invalidated. In certain jurisdictions, and in certain circumstances, patent terms can be extended or shortened. Employees Our
employees are our greatest assets. We value and support hiring exceptional talent to develop our core technology and drive our business
growth. We strive to meet these objectives by offering competitive pay and benefits in a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace. In addition,
we provide opportunities for our employees to grow and develop their careers. 22 As
of May 31, 2023, Serve has 62 employees in the United States and nine employees in Canada through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary.
By primary job function, about 65% of our employees have engineering or product roles, 24% are in operations and 11% have business development
or other administrative roles. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Competitive
Pay and Benefits We
provide compensation and benefits packages that we believe are competitive within our industry. We use a combination of cash and equity
compensation and other benefits to attract, motivate and retain our employees, including stock option awards, retirement programs, flexible
or paid time off based on department, and health and wellness benefits. In addition, we benchmark our compensation and benefits packages
periodically to remain competitive with our peers and attract and retain talent throughout our organization. Employee
Recruitment, Retention, and Development We
believe our unique corporate culture, competitive compensation and benefits programs, and career growth and development opportunities
promote longer employee tenure and reduce turnover. We have enjoyed high employee retention since becoming an independent company in
2021 and monitor employee turnover rates as our success depends upon retaining and investing in our highly skilled technical staff. Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion We
value the uniqueness that an inclusive and diverse team brings to our company. Therefore, we are focused on creating an environment that
leverages the perspectives and contributions of each employee. Safety,
Health, and Wellness We
prioritize safe working conditions. We are committed to an injury-free workplace and provide comprehensive workplace training and support
to reduce or eliminate health and safety risks. Property Our
current headquarters are located in Redwood City, California, where we lease 4,200 square feet of office and industrial space pursuant
to a lease that expires in 2025. We have an option to extend that lease by a four-year term. Our headquarters contain research and development,
operations and selling, general and administrative functions as well as test tracks for our robots. We also lease two other offices in
Los Angeles, our current delivery area. We
believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative
space will be available to accommodate our operations. Litigation From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. We
are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor
are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority. Available
Information Serve’s
website is www.serverobotics.com, and we can be contacted at invest@serverobotics.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports are filed with the SEC. We are subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and
other information filed by us with the SEC will be available free of charge on our website at www.serverobotics.com when such reports
are available on the SEC’s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information that issuers file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The
contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites
are intended to be inactive textual references only. 23 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together
with all of the other information contained in this Report, including our audited annual and interim unaudited financial statements,
unaudited pro forma financial statements and the related notes included in this Report, before deciding to invest in our common stock.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially.
In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factors
Summary ● | Because we are an early-stage company with minimal revenue and a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, we cannot assure you that we can or will be able to operate profitably. ● | We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. ● | If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. ● | A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with one customer. ● | Our future revenue plans rely on partnering with third party delivery platforms, brand sponsors and/or direct sales to merchants. ● | Failure of our service providers or disruptions to our outsourcing relationships might negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. ● | Our robots operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity issues, third-party software, or automation may adversely affect our commercial relationships. ● | Our robots rely on sophisticated software technology that incorporate third-party components and networks to operate, and the inability to maintain licenses for these software technology, errors in the software we license or the terms of open-source licenses could result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business. ● | The benefit of our products could be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more effective way. ● | We have limited experience commercializing our products at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. ● | We are substantially reliant on our relationships with suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our robots, as well as for the manufacture of our robots. If any of these suppliers or service partners choose to not do business with us, then we would have significant difficulty in procuring and producing our robots and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. ● | The evolving regulations around personal delivery devices (“PDDs”) could materially impact our business and growth prospects in new markets. ● | Defects, glitches, or malfunctions in our products or the software that operates them, failure of our products to perform as expected, connectivity issues or operator errors may result in product recalls, lower than expected return on investment for customers and cause significant safety concerns, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation. ● | Even if our products perform properly and are used as intended, if operators sustain any injuries while using our products, we could be exposed to liability and our results of operations, financial condition, and our reputation may be adversely affected. 24 ● | We operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid technological change, and competitors may have or attain more resources and/or greater market recognition than we do. ● | If the Company cannot protect, maintain and, if necessary, enforce its intellectual property rights, its ability to develop and commercialize products will be adversely impacted. ● | Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. ● | Our business plans require a significant amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or contain terms unfavorable to us or our investors. ● | We will be required to raise additional capital in order to develop our technology and scale our commercial delivery operations. However, we may be unable to raise additional capital needed to fund and grow our business. ● | If use of the Internet via websites, mobile devices and other platforms, particularly with respect to online food ordering, does not continue, our business and growth prospects will be harmed. ● | Our products and services are disruptive to the delivery services industries, and important assumptions about the market demand, pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle, for our current and future products and services may be inaccurate. ● | Even if we successfully market our products and services, the purchase or subscription, adoption and use of the products and services may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist the use and adoption of the products and services. ● | Our systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. ● | We, any manufacturing partners, and suppliers may rely on complex machinery for production, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance and costs. ● | We may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with our operations. ● | Our ability to manufacture products of sufficient quality on schedule in the future is uncertain, and delays in the design, production and launch of our products could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. ● | We are subject to cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our products and data processed by us or third-party vendors. ● | The shares of common stock issued in the Merger and the Offering are “restricted securities” and, as such, may not be sold except in limited circumstances. ● | If we are unable to register in a timely manner the shares of common stock issued to stockholders in the Merger or the Offering, then the ability to re-sell shares of our common stock so issued will be delayed. ● | There is currently no market for our common stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop. You may therefore be unable to re-sell shares of our common stock at times and prices that you believe are appropriate. ● | We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 25 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Because we are an early-stage company with
minimal revenue and a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, we cannot assure
you that we can or will be able to operate profitably. We are an early-stage company. We were formed
and commenced operations in January 2021. We face all the risks faced by newer companies, including significant competition from existing
and emerging competitors, many of which are established and have better access to capital. In addition, as a new business, we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from an early-stage
company to a company capable of supporting larger scale commercial activities. If we are not successful in such a transition, our business,
results, and financial condition will be harmed. We have not been profitable to date, and we expect
operating losses for the near future. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated $107,819 in revenue. In 2021, we did not generate
any revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of approximately $21,855,127 and $21,665,518, respectively.
There can be no assurance that we will not continue to incur net losses in the future. We may not succeed in expanding our customer base
and product offerings and even if we do, may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. Even if we do
achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Furthermore, we may not
be able to control overhead expenses even where our operations successfully expand. Our failure to become and remain profitable would
depress our value and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings, or even continue
our operations. We have a limited operating history, which
may make it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. We face the risks associated with businesses in
their early stages, with limited operating histories and whose prospects are hard to evaluate. Any evaluation of our business and our
prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, delays, difficulties and expenses commonly experienced by companies at this
stage, which generally include unanticipated problems and additional costs relating to the development and testing of products, product
approval or clearance, regulatory compliance, production, product introduction and marketing, and competition. Many of these factors are
beyond the control of our management. In addition, our performance will be subject to other factors beyond our control, including general
economic conditions and conditions in the robotics industry. Accordingly, our business and success face risks from uncertainties faced
by developing companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately
be able to attain profitability. Our auditor has issued a “going concern”
opinion . Our auditor has issued a “going concern”
opinion on our financial statements, which means they are not sure that we will be able to succeed as a business without additional financing.
As of December 31, 2022, the date of our last audited financial statements, we generated $107,819 in revenue. We had sustained a net loss
of $21,855,127 and had an accumulated deficit of $43,520,645. Our ability to continue as a going concern until we reach profitability
is dependent upon our ability to generate cash from operating activities and to raise additional capital to fund our operations. While
we were successful in raising a total of approximately $44.5 million in debt and equity financing as of May 31, 2023, our ongoing operational
expenses are now approximately $1,400,000 per month without yet generating any material corresponding revenue. Our failure to raise additional
capital could have a negative impact on not only our financial condition but also our ability to execute our business plan. If we fail to effectively manage our growth,
we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market, and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. We intend to invest significantly in order to
expand our business. Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition, and operating results. We intend to expand our operations significantly. We expect our expansion to include: ● | expanding the management, engineering, and product teams; ● | identifying and recruiting individuals with the appropriate relevant experience; 26 ● | hiring and training new personnel; ● | launching commercialization of new products and services; ● | forecasting production and revenue; ● | entering into relationships with one or more third-party design for manufacturing partners and third-party contract manufacturers and/or expanding our internal manufacturing capabilities; ● | controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; ● | carrying out acquisitions and entering into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships; ● | expanding and enhancing internal information technology, safety, and security systems; ● | conducting demonstrations; ● | entering into agreements with suppliers and service providers; and ● | implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems, and processes. Should achieved market penetration warrant, we
intend to continue to hire a significant number of additional personnel, including engineers, design, production, and operations personnel
and service technicians for our robotic systems and services. Because of the innovative nature of our technology, individuals with the
necessary experience may not be available to hire, and as a result, we will need to expend significant time and expense to recruit and
retain experienced employees and appropriately train any newly hired employees. Competition for individuals with experience designing,
producing, and servicing robots and their software is intense, and we may not be able to attract, integrate, train, motivate or retain
additional highly qualified personnel. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these additional employees could
seriously harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our revenues and profits are subject to
fluctuations. It is difficult to accurately forecast our revenues
and operating results, and these could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include adverse changes in
companies’ interests in our robotic delivery and branding services, companies’ available dollars to invest on our services,
general economic conditions, our ability to market our company to companies, headcount and other operating costs, and general industry
and regulatory conditions and requirements. The Company’s operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed
above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant and could impact our ability to operate our business. A significant portion of our revenue is
concentrated with one customer. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated
with one customer. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to one customer accounted for 50% of total revenue. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, we had not yet commenced any revenue-generating activity. Sales to Uber represented 50% of our revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and if Uber were to breach, cancel or amend our agreement, it may have an outsized effect on our revenue, cash
on hand, and profitability. In addition, we may have an increased interest in accepting less favorable terms of any amendment as a result. 27 We are dependent on general economic conditions. Our business model is dependent on companies purchasing
our robotic delivery and branding services. Our business model is thus dependent on national and international economic conditions. Adverse
national and international economic conditions may reduce the future availability of dollars companies have to spend on our services,
which would negatively impact our revenues and possibly our ability to continue operations. It is not possible to accurately predict the
potential adverse impacts on the Company, if any, of current economic conditions on its financial condition, operating results and cash
flow. One of our directors currently holds multiple
positions in our industry. Our board member Buck Jordan currently serves
as a director, officer, or advisor to multiple companies. Many of the companies that he holds titles in are in robotics and automation,
which is the same industry as Serve. As such, at times there may be conflicts of interest between Serve and these other companies. Unfavorable changes in interest rates, pricing
of certain precious metals, utility rates, and foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity,
and results of operations. Any of these macro conditions could negatively
impact our supply chain partners and the industry as a whole, which could materially decrease our profits and cash flow. Our failure to attract and retain highly
qualified personnel in the future could harm our business. We are an innovative technology company. We may
not be able to locate or attract qualified individuals for important positions, such as software engineers, robotics engineers, machine
vision and machine learning experts and others, which could affect the Company’s ability to grow and expand its business. Litigation or legal proceedings could expose
us to significant liabilities, occupy a considerable amount of our management’s time and attention, and damage our reputation. We may, from time to time, be a party to various
litigation claims and legal proceedings. We will evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes
and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Claims made or threatened by our suppliers, distributors, customers, competitors,
or current or former employees could adversely affect our relationships, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The costs associated with defending legal claims and paying damages could be substantial.
Our reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. Our future revenue plans rely on partnering
with third party delivery platforms, brand sponsors and/or direct sales to merchants. Our largest stream of projected revenue comes
from maximizing utilization of our robots to perform deliveries. We may be unable to maximize utilization due to a variety of reasons,
including insufficient merchant participation, platform partner matching algorithms, failure to deliver a commercial grade product, and
a lack of product acceptance by merchants and/or delivery recipients. Our financial projections also anticipate generating revenues from
brand sponsors who would pay to place their branding on our robots as a form of out-of-home (“OOH”) branding. OOH branding
on robots is a new phenomenon and as such, an unproven model. If we are unable to realize these sales, our business model and go-to-market
strategy will be jeopardized. Failure of our service providers or disruptions
to our outsourcing relationships might negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. Certain of our remote piloting services are currently
provided by third-party vendors, and sometimes from service centers outside of the United States. Services provided pursuant to arrangements
with these third-party vendors could be disrupted. Similarly, the expiration of agreements associated with such arrangements or the transition
of services between providers could lead to loss of institutional knowledge or service disruptions. Our reliance on others as service
providers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 28 Our robots operate in public spaces and
any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity issues, third-party software, or automation may adversely affect our commercial
relationships. Our ability to attract and retain customers (including
merchants, platform partners, and brand sponsors) is heavily dependent on our ability to provide a safe and reliable service. Our safety
and security track record have been instrumental in helping us attract and retain our existing customers. Because we operate on public
sidewalks, we have to maintain the highest standards for public safety and the performance of our robots is highly visible. Any actual
or perceived public safety incidents that may be caused by our human supervisors, network connectivity issues, third-party software, or
automation may jeopardize our commercial relationships and financial viability. Our robots rely on sophisticated
software technology that incorporate third-party components and networks to operate, and the inability to maintain licenses for software
technology, errors in the software we license or the terms of open-source licenses could result in increased costs or reduced service
levels, which would adversely affect our business. Our robots require certain third-party
software and networks to function safely and effectively, and our business relies on certain third-party software obtained under licenses
from other companies. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software in the future. Although we believe that
there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it
may be difficult or costly to replace. In addition, integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial
investment of our time and resources. Our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license
agreements with third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of the risks associated with
the use of third-party software cannot be eliminated, and these risks could negatively affect our business. Furthermore, performance degradation
or lack of access to such software and networks can result in poor delivery performance or even grounding of our entire fleet until it
is resolved, which can adversely impact our ability to continue our operations. Additionally, the software powering
our technology systems incorporates software covered by open-source licenses. The terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted
by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions
on our ability to operate our systems. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open-source
license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code or re-engineer all or a portion of our technology
systems, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technology systems. Such risk could be difficult or impossible to eliminate
and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The benefits to customers of our products
could be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more
effective way. The benefits to customers of our products could
be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more effective
way. We cannot be sure that alternative technologies or improvements to artificial intelligence, industrial automation or other technologies,
processes or industries will not match or exceed the benefits of our products or be more cost effective than our products. The development
of any alternative technology that can compete with or supplant our products may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results, including in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to develop new or enhanced
technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay our development and introduction of
new and enhanced products, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our robotic systems and solutions, decreased revenue and
a loss of market share to competitors. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to new or changing technologies.
While we plan to upgrade and adapt our robotic systems and solutions as we or others develop new technology, our robotic systems and solutions
may not compete effectively with alternative products if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into our systems
and solutions. 29 Our operating and financial projections
rely on management assumptions and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating results may
be materially different from our forecasted results. We are a robotics and services company, with limited
experience commercializing our products and services. The projected financial and operating information appearing elsewhere in this Report
reflect estimates of future performance and is based on multiple financial, technical, and operational assumptions, including hiring of
additional skilled personnel in a timely way to support continued development and commercialization of the core products, the level of
demand for our robotic systems, the performance of our robotic systems, the utilization of the robot fleet, the useable life of the robotic
systems, cost of manufacturing, cost of components and availability of adequate supply, the nature and length of the sales cycle, maintenance
and servicing costs and the costs of refurbishing the robotic systems. However, given our limited commercial experience, it is likely
that many of these assumptions will prove incorrect. The projections are forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to significant
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. See “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations ” and “ Forward-Looking Statements. ” Whether actual operating and financial
results and business developments will be consistent with our expectations and assumptions as reflected in our forecast depends on a number
of other factors, many of which are outside our control, including, but not limited to: ● | whether we can obtain sufficient capital to sustain and grow our business; ● | our ability to manage our growth; ● | the contractual terms of one or more agreements with third-party manufacturers; ● | whether we can manage relationships with key suppliers and partners; ● | the timing and costs of the required marketing and promotional efforts; ● | whether customers and their employees will adopt the robotic systems offered by us; ● | the timing required and success of customer testing of our technology; ● | competition, including from established and future competitors; ● | our ability to retain existing key management, to attract additional leaders, to integrate recent hires and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, including engineers, design and production personnel, and service technicians; ● | the overall strength and stability of domestic and international economies; ● | demand for currently available and future robots; ● | regulatory, legislative, and political changes; and ● | customer requirements and preferences. Unfavorable changes in any of these or other factors,
most of which are beyond our control, could cause us to fail to meet our operating and financial projections and could materially and
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We have limited experience commercializing
our products at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. We have limited experience commercializing robotic
systems at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. A key element of our long-term business strategy is
the continued growth in sales, marketing, training, customer service and maintenance and servicing operations, including hiring personnel
with the necessary experience. Managing and maintaining these operations is expensive and time consuming, and an inability to leverage
such an organization effectively or at all could inhibit potential sales or subscriptions and the penetration and adoption of our products
into new markets. In addition, certain decisions we make regarding staffing in these areas in our efforts to maintain an adequate spending
level could have unintended negative effects on our revenues, such as by weakening the sales, marketing and maintenance and servicing
infrastructures or lowering the quality of customer service. 30 We are substantially reliant on our relationships
with suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our robots, as well as for the manufacture of our robots. If any
of these suppliers or service partners choose to not do business with us, then we would have significant difficulty in procuring and producing
our robots and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. Our robots contain hundreds of components which
are assembled by third-party manufacturing partners. Collaboration with third parties for the manufacturing of robots is subject to risks
with respect to operations that are outside our control. Global supply chain problems will directly impact our ability to obtain these
components cost-effectively. We could experience delays to the extent our current or future partners do not continue doing business with
us, meet agreed upon timelines, experience capacity constraints or otherwise are unable to deliver components or manufacture robots as
expected. There is risk of potential disputes with partners, and we could be affected by adverse publicity related to our partners whether
or not such publicity is related to their collaboration with us. Our ability to successfully build a premium brand could also be adversely
affected by perceptions about the quality of our partners’ robots or other robots manufactured by the same partner. In addition,
although we intend to be involved in material decisions in the supply chain and manufacturing process, given that we also rely on our
partners to meet our quality standards, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain high quality standards. We may in the future enter into strategic alliances,
including joint ventures or minority equity investments, with various third parties to further our business purpose. These alliances could
subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third party,
and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. The evolving regulations around personal
delivery devices (“PDDs”) could materially impact our business and growth prospects in new markets. Sidewalk robots, as opposed to autonomous vehicles
operating on public streets, are not by default prohibited from operations in most jurisdictions. But there is no guarantee that the current
permissive environment will not change in the future, especially as more sidewalk robots get deployed. While we currently have the requisite
permits and support from local municipalities in areas we operate, any change in regulations or permit requirements could adversely impact
our business. Therefore, we proactively engage with lawmakers, academics, standards-setting organizations, urban planning nonprofits,
disability rights advocates, senior citizen organizations, and regional bicycle coalitions to anticipate and mitigate potential regulatory
challenges. Over a dozen states across the United States have
enacted legislation regulating PDDs, using a definition that includes sidewalk robots such as ours. While these regulations have been
largely industry-friendly and intended to streamline the rollout of PDDs in those jurisdictions, they are not yet uniform and may present
some challenges as we seek to deploy in new markets. For example, Washington State and the District of Columbia have a 100lb unladen weight
restriction and the City of Santa Monica prohibits the operation of autonomous devices on sidewalks, that would require amending in order
for us to expand into those jurisdictions. Furthermore, the cellular network and radio systems
contained in our robots are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission, which allocates cellular and wireless bandwidth to ensure
minimal conflict between operators. And the battery packs within our robots use custom lithium-ion cells. The transportation and effective
storage of lithium-ion batteries is tightly regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation and other regulatory bodies. Any failure
to comply with the Department of Transportation’s storage and transport requirements or the Federal Communications Commission’s
regulations on wireless communications could result in fines, loss of permits and licenses or other regulatory consequences, which could
limit our ability to manufacture and deliver our robotic systems and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. Defects, glitches, or malfunctions in our
products or the software that operates them, failure of our products to perform as expected, connectivity issues or operator errors may
result in product recalls, lower than expected return on investment for customers and cause significant safety concerns, each of which
could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation. The design, manufacture, and marketing of our
products involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, glitches, malfunctions, connectivity issues between the central
processing unit and peripheral vehicle subsystems, operator errors, unanticipated use of our robotic systems, inadequate disclosure of
risks relating to the use of sidewalk robots, among others, can lead to injury, property damage or other adverse events. We conduct extensive
testing of our units, in some instances in collaboration with our customers, to ensure that any such issues can be identified and addressed
in advance of commercial launch of the products. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify all such issues or
that, if identified, efforts to address them will be effective in all cases. 31 In addition, if the manufacturing of our products
is outsourced, we may not be aware of manufacturing defects that could occur. Such adverse events could lead to unexpected failures in
our products and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of our products from the market. A product recall could result in significant
costs. To the extent any manufacturing defect occurs, our agreement with the third-party manufacturer may contain a limitation on the
third-party manufacturer’s liability, and therefore we could be required to incur the majority of related costs. Product defects
or recalls could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation or, in the event of regulatory developments, delays in new
product acceptance. Our products incorporate sophisticated computer
software. Complex software frequently contains errors, especially when first introduced. Our software may experience errors or performance
problems in the future. If any part of our products’ hardware or software were to fail, the service mission could be compromised.
Additionally, users may not use our products in accordance with safety protocols and training, which could amplify the risk of failure.
Any such occurrence could cause delay in market acceptance of our products, damage to our reputation, product recalls, increased service
and warranty costs, product liability claims and loss of revenue relating to such hardware or software defects. We anticipate that as part of our ordinary course
of business we may be subject to product liability claims alleging defects in the design or manufacture of our products. A product liability
claim, regardless of our merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs and high punitive damage payments.
Although we maintain product liability insurance, the coverage is subject to deductibles and limitations, and may not be adequate to cover
future claims. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain our existing product liability insurance in the future at satisfactory rates
or adequate amounts. Even if our products perform properly and
are used as intended, if operators sustain any injuries while using our products, we could be exposed to liability and our results of
operations, financial condition, and our reputation may be adversely affected. Our products contain complex technology and must
be used as designed and intended in order to operate safely and effectively. While we expect to develop a training, customer service and
maintenance and servicing infrastructure to ensure users are equipped to operate our products in a safe manner, we cannot be sure that
the products will ultimately be used as designed and intended. In addition, we cannot be sure that we will be able to predict all the
ways in which use or misuse of the products can lead to injury or damage to property, and our training resources may not be successful
at preventing all incidents. If operators were to cause any injuries or damage to property while using our products, in a manner consistent
with our training and instructions or otherwise, we could be exposed to liability and our results of operations, financial condition and
our reputation may be adversely affected. We operate in a competitive industry that
is subject to rapid technological change, and competitors may have or attain more resources and/or greater market recognition than we
do. Our competitor base may change or expand as we
continue to develop and commercialize our robotic systems in the future. Some of these companies are direct competitors, while others
provide adjacent services such as delivery with autonomous vehicles on streets that could impact our market. A number of these companies
may have, or may attain, more resources and/or greater market recognition than we do. These or other competitors may develop new technologies
or products that provide superior results to customers or are less expensive than our products. Our technologies and products could have
reduced competitiveness by such developments. Our competitors may respond more quickly to new
or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing and other resources
than we do, or may be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. In addition, potential customers
could have long-standing or contractual relationships with competitors. Potential customers may be reluctant to adopt our products, particularly
if they compete with or have the potential to compete with or diminish the need/utilization of products or technologies supported through
these existing relationships. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results
will be negatively impacted. 32 In addition, because we operate in a new market,
the actions of our competitors could adversely affect our business. Adverse events such as product defects or legal claims with respect
to competing or similar products could cause reputational harm to the robotics market on the whole and, accordingly, our business. If the Company cannot protect, maintain
and, if necessary, enforce its intellectual property rights, its ability to develop and commercialize products will be adversely impacted. The Company’s success, in large part, depends
on its ability to protect and maintain the proprietary nature of its technology. The Company must prosecute and maintain its existing
patents and obtain new patents. Some of the Company’s proprietary information may not be patentable, and there can be no assurance
that others will not utilize similar or superior solutions to compete with the Company. The Company cannot guarantee that it will develop
proprietary products that are patentable, and that, if issued, any patent will give a competitive advantage or that such patent will not
be challenged by third parties. The process of obtaining patents can be time consuming with no certainty of success, as a patent may not
issue or may not have sufficient scope or strength to protect the intellectual property it was intended to protect. The Company cannot
assure you that its means of protecting its proprietary rights will suffice or that others will not independently develop competitive
technology or design around patents or other intellectual property rights issued to the Company. Even if a patent is issued, it does not
guarantee that it is valid or enforceable. Any patents that the Company or its licensors have obtained or obtain in the future may be
challenged, invalidated, or unenforceable. If necessary, the Company will initiate actions to protect its intellectual property, which
will be costly and time consuming. We may be subject to claims of infringement
of third-party intellectual property rights. Our operating results may be adversely affected
if third parties claim that our products infringed their patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights. Such assertions could
lead to expensive and unpredictable litigation, diverting the attention of management and technical personnel. An unsuccessful result
in such litigation could adversely affect our business, including injunctions, exclusion orders, and royalty payments to third parties. Security breaches and other disruptions
could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. We rely on trade secrets, technical know-how,
and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities to provide us with competitive
advantages. We protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, strategic partners,
and other third parties. We also design our computer systems and networks and implement various procedures to restrict unauthorized access
to the dissemination of our proprietary information. We face internal and external data security threats.
For example, current, departing, or former employees or third parties could attempt to improperly use or access our computer systems and
networks to copy, obtain, or misappropriate our proprietary information or otherwise interrupt our business. Like others, we are also
subject to significant system or network disruptions from numerous causes, including computer viruses and other cyber-attacks, facility
access issues, new system implementations, and energy blackouts. Security breaches, computer malware, phishing,
spoofing, and other cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. While we defend against these threats
daily, we do not believe that such attacks have caused us any material damage to date. Because the techniques used by computer hackers
and others to access or sabotage networks constantly evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be
unable to anticipate, counter or ameliorate all these techniques. As a result, our and our customers’ proprietary information may
be misappropriated, and we cannot predict the impact of any future incident. Any loss of such information could harm our competitive position,
result in a loss of customer confidence in the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures, cause us to incur
significant costs to remedy the damages caused by the incident, and divert management and other resources. We routinely implement improvements
to our network security safeguards, and we are devoting increasing resources to the security of our information technology systems. However,
we cannot assure that such system improvements will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage from any future cyber-attack or network
disruptions. 33 The costs related to cyber-attacks or other security
threats or computer systems disruptions typically would not be fully insured or indemnified by others. As a result, the occurrence of
any of the events described above could result in the loss of competitive advantages derived from our intellectual property. Moreover,
these events may result in the diversion of the attention of management and critical information technology and other resources, or otherwise
adversely affect our internal operations and reputation or degrade our financial results and stock price. We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse
of personal data by or about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation,
or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. In the ordinary course of our business, we have
access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information regarding our employees and others that is subject to privacy and security
laws and regulations. Therefore, the theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our
business, or by our third-party service providers, including business process software applications providers and other vendors that have
access to sensitive data, could result in damage to our reputation, disruption of our business activities, significantly increased business
and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy
activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. For example, the European Union
has adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which requires companies to comply with rules regarding the handling
of personal data, including its use, protection, and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about
themselves. Failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. In addition, the interpretation
and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere are often uncertain and fluid and may be interpreted
and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. As a result, complying with these changing laws has caused, and
could continue to cause, us to incur substantial costs, which could harm our business and results of operations. Further, failure to comply
with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged non-compliant activity. Finally, even our
inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result
in audits, regulatory inquiries, or proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. Our business plans require a significant
amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders
or contain terms unfavorable to us or our investors. We will require significant capital to operate
our business and fund our capital expenditures for the next several years. The level and timing of future expenditure will depend on a
number of factors, many of which are outside our control. While we expect that we will have sufficient capital to fund our currently planned
operations, it is possible that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our business, including to finance ongoing research and
development costs, manufacturing, any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses, and new strategic alliances or acquisitions. The
fact that we have limited experience commercializing our delivery robotic systems on a large scale, coupled with the fact that our products
represent a new product category in the commercial and delivery robotic market, means we have limited historical data on the demand for
our robotic systems. In addition, we expect our capital expenditures to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as we continue
generational improvements for our commercial products, and that our level of capital expenditures will be significantly affected by customer
demand for our robotic systems. As a result, our future capital requirements may be uncertain and actual capital requirements may be different
from those we currently anticipate. We may need to seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of our capital expenditures. Such
financing might not be available to us in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable, or at all, or that such funds, if raised, would
be sufficient. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing
to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance of our business
model. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms, and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. If we are
unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities or substantially
change our corporate structure. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient resources to conduct business
as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations. In addition, our future capital needs and other
business reasons could require us to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity
or equity-linked securities could dilute our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 34 If we cannot raise additional funds when we need
or want them, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our growth plans, which could adversely impact the Company, its business, development,
financial condition, operating results or prospects. We will be required to raise additional
capital in order to develop our technology and scale our commercial delivery operations. However, we may be unable to raise additional
capital needed to fund and grow our business. This Merger will provide us with capital to continue
product development and commercial delivery operations. We will need additional capital to develop the next version of the Serve robots
and scale our commercial delivery operations. We will not be able to continue product development and our commercial deliveries if we
cannot raise additional debt and/or equity financing. We may not be able to increase our capital resources
by engaging in additional debt or equity financings. Even if we complete such financings, they may result in dilution to our existing
investors and include additional rights or terms that may be unfavorable to our existing investor base. These circumstances could materially
and adversely affect our financial results and impair our ability to achieve our business objectives. Additionally, we may be required
to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or take other actions (including terms that require us to maintain
specified liquidity or other ratios) that would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by domestic and international financial
institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Actual events involving reduced or limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect domestic and international financial institutions or other companies
in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds,
have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was
closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
as receiver. We maintain a banking relationship with Silicon Valley Bank and are required to keep deposits with Silicon Valley Bank. Although
the Company had debt with Silicon Valley Bank at the time of its closure, following the closure the debt was subsequently assumed by First
Citizens Bank & Trust and we have experienced no impacts from the closure. However, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international
financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial
and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to
acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could,
among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations,
or result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors
described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our
current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. If use of the Internet via websites, mobile
devices and other platforms, particularly with respect to online food ordering, does not continue, our business and growth prospects will
be harmed. Our business and growth prospects are substantially
dependent upon the continued use of the Internet as an effective medium of transactions by diners. Internet use may not continue to develop
at historical rates, and diners may not continue to use the Internet and other online services to order their food at current or increased
growth rates or at all. In addition, the Internet and mobile applications may not continue to be accepted as a viable platform or resource
for a number of reasons, including: ● | actual or perceived lack of security of information or privacy protection; ● | possible disruptions, computer viruses or other damage to Internet servers, users’ computers or mobile applications; ● | excessive governmental regulation; and ● | unacceptable delays due to actual or perceived limitations of wireless networks. 35 Our business depends on discretionary spending
patterns in the areas in which the restaurants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy at large. Economic downturns
or other events (like coronavirus variants or similar widespread health/pandemic outbreaks) impacting the United States and global economy
could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Purchases at restaurants and food and beverage
hospitality services locations are discretionary for consumers and we are therefore susceptible to changes in discretionary spending patterns
or economic slowdowns in the geographic areas in which restaurants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy at large.
Discretionary consumer spending can be impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, inflation, rising gasoline
prices, interest rates, consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factors. We believe that consumers generally are more willing to
make discretionary purchases, including delivery, dine-in or carryout of restaurant meals, during favorable economic conditions. Disruptions
in the overall economy (including disruptions due to coronavirus or similar health/pandemic events), including high unemployment, inflation,
rising gasoline prices, financial market volatility and unpredictability, and the related reduction in consumer confidence, could negatively
affect food and beverage sales throughout the restaurant industry, including orders through our partners’ platforms. Additionally,
merchants on our partners’ platforms may be negatively impacted by general economic conditions, supply chain issues, labor shortages,
inflation, or other macroeconomic factors, which could negatively impact their ability to fulfill orders. There is also a risk that if
uncertain economic conditions persist for an extended period of time or worsen, consumers might make long-lasting changes to their discretionary
spending behavior, including ordering food for delivery, dine-in or carryout less frequently. The ability of the U.S. economy to handle
this uncertainty is likely to be affected by many national and international factors that are beyond our control. These factors, including
national, regional and local politics and economic conditions, continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, disposable consumer income and
consumer confidence, also affect discretionary consumer spending. If any of these factors cause restaurants to cease operations or cease
using our partners’ platforms, it could also significantly harm our financial results, for the reasons set forth elsewhere in these
risk factors. Continued uncertainty in or a worsening of the economy, generally or in a number of our markets, and diners’ reactions
to these trends could adversely affect our business and cause us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of new market
openings or cease operations in existing markets. Our products and services are disruptive
to the delivery services industries, and important assumptions about the market demand, pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle, for our
current and future products and services may be inaccurate. The market demand for and adoption of our delivery
robots is unproven, and important assumptions about the characteristics of targeted markets, pricing, and sales cycles may be inaccurate.
Although we have engaged in ongoing dialogue with potential customers, we have no binding commitments to purchase products and services.
Existing or new regulatory or safety standards, or resistance by customer employees and labor unions, all of which are outside of our
control, could cause delays or otherwise impair adoption of these new technologies, which will adversely affect our growth, financial
position, and prospects. Given the evolving nature of the markets in which we operate, it is difficult to predict customer demand or adoption
rates for our products or the future growth of the markets we expect to target. If one or more of the targeted markets experience a shift
in customer or prospective customer demand, our products may not compete as effectively, if at all, and they may not be fully developed
into commercial products. As a result, the financial projections in this Report necessarily reflect various estimates and assumptions
that may not prove accurate and these projections could differ materially from actual results because of the risks included in this “ Risk
Factors ” section, among others. If demand does not develop as expected or if we cannot accurately forecast pricing, adoption
rates and sales cycle for our products, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. The benefits of our products to customers
and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. Our core products’ benefits to customers
and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. We currently have a limited frame of reference
by which to evaluate the performance of our delivery robotic systems upon which our business prospects depend. There can be no assurance
that such units will provide the expected benefit to customers. Our robotic systems may not perform consistently with customers’
expectations or consistently with other robotics products which may become available. Any failure of our robotic systems and software
to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product
liability claims and significant warranty and other expenses and could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. Additionally, problems and defects experienced by competitors or others in the delivery robotics market
could, by association, have a negative impact on perception and customer demand for our delivery robotic systems. 36 Even if we successfully market our products
and services, the purchase or subscription, adoption and use of the products and services may be materially and negatively impacted if
our customers resist the use and adoption of the products and services. We have designed and developed our robotic systems
with the goal of reducing operating costs and greenhouse gases. Even if we successfully market our products and services to customers,
the purchase, adoption and the use of the products may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist or delay the use
and adoption of these new technology products and services. Customers may resist or delay the adoption of our products and services for
several reasons, including lack of confidence in autonomous and semi-autonomous delivery vehicles. If our customers resist or delay adoption
of our robotic delivery services, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely
affected. Our systems, products, technologies and
services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. Our growth strategy depends in part on developing
systems, products, technologies, and services. These reusable systems, products, technologies and services and systems will have a limited
useful life. While we intend to design our products and technologies for a certain lifespan, which corresponds to a number of cycles,
there can be no assurance as to the actual operational life of a product or that the operational life of individual components will be
consistent with its design life. A number of factors will impact the useful lives of our products and systems, including, among other
things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts and availability of any replacement components,
and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other risks affecting the technology during launch and in orbit. In addition,
any improvements in technology may make our existing products, designs, or any component of our products prior to the end of its life
obsolete. If our systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment have shorter useful lives than we currently anticipate,
this may lead to delays in increasing the rate of our follow on work and new business, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we are continually learning, and as our engineering and manufacturing
expertise and efficiency increases, we aim to leverage this learning to be able to manufacture our products and equipment using less of
our currently installed equipment, which could render our existing inventory obsolete. Any acquisitions, partnerships, or joint
ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. From time to time, we may evaluate potential strategic
acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties. We may not be successful in identifying acquisition,
partnership, and joint venture candidates. In addition, we may not be able to continue the operational success of such businesses or successfully
finance or integrate any businesses that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. We may have potential write-offs
of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill recorded as a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition
may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our
business. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our
earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. Further, depending
on market conditions, investor perceptions of us and other factors, we might not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at
all, to implement any such transaction. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership, or joint venture we make will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As part of growing our business, we may
make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute, or integrate our acquisitions, then our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage
and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could
cause our stock price to decline. 37 From time to time, we may undertake acquisitions
to add new products and technologies, acquire talent, gain new sales channels, or enter into new markets or sales territories. In addition
to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to
comply with any applicable laws and regulations, and a failure to obtain such approvals and licenses could result in delays and increased
costs and may disrupt our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets, businesses, key personnel,
customers, vendors, and suppliers require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from
our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the
financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity
securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating
acquisitions may be significant. Our management team will have broad discretion
in making strategic decisions to execute their growth plans, and there can be no assurance that our management’s decisions will
result in successful achievement of our business objectives or will not have unintended consequences that negatively impact our growth
prospects. Our management will have broad discretion in making
strategic decisions to execute their growth plans and may devote time and company resources to new or expanded solution offerings, potential
acquisitions, prospective customers or other initiatives that do not necessarily improve our operating results or contribute to our growth.
Management’s failure to make strategic decisions that are ultimately accretive to our growth may result in unfavorable returns and
uncertainty about our prospects, each of which could cause the price of the common stock to decline. We face risks related to natural disasters,
health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt our operations. Our facilities or operations or those of any third-party
manufacturers or suppliers could be adversely affected by events outside of our or their control, such as natural disasters, wars, health
epidemics, and other calamities. Our operations do not currently rely on any long-term data storage, and therefore any such loss of data
would have limited operational impact. However, we cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects
of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events.
Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures,
which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our ability to provide
services. We, any manufacturing partners, and suppliers
may rely on complex machinery for production, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance
and costs. We, any third-party manufacturing partners, and
suppliers may rely on complex machinery for the production and assembly of our robotic systems, which will involve a significant degree
of uncertainty and risk in terms of operational performance and costs. Our facilities, and those of any third-party manufacturing partners
and suppliers consist or are expected to consist of large-scale machinery combining many components. These components may suffer unexpected
malfunctions from time to time and will depend on repairs and spare parts to resume operations, which may not be available when needed.
Unexpected malfunctions of these components may significantly affect the intended operational efficiency. Operational performance and
costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our or any third-party manufacturing partners’
and suppliers’ control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental hazards and remediation, costs
associated with decommissioning of machines, labor disputes and strikes, difficulty or delays in obtaining governmental permits, damages
or defects in electronic systems, industrial accidents, fire, seismic activity and natural disasters. Should operational risks materialize,
they may result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage to production facilities, monetary
losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative fines, increased insurance costs and
potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 38 We may be unable to adequately control the
costs associated with our operations. We will require significant capital to develop
and grow our business, including developing and producing our commercial robotic systems and other products, establishing or expanding
design, research and development, production, operations and maintenance and service facilities and building our brand and partnerships.
We have incurred and expects to continue incurring significant expenses which will impact our profitability, including research and development
expenses, procurement costs, business development, operation and integration expenses as we build and deploy our robotic fleet, and general
and administrative expenses as we scale our operations, identify and commit resources to investigate new areas of demand and incur costs
as a public company. In addition, we may incur significant costs servicing, maintaining and refurbishing our robots, and we expect that
the cost to repair and service our robots will increase over time as they age. Our ability to become profitable in the future will not
only depend on our ability to complete the design and development of our robots to meet projected performance metrics, identify and investigate
new areas of demand and successfully market our robotic services, but also to sell, whether outright or through subscriptions, our systems
at prices needed to achieve our expected margins and control our costs, including the risks and costs associated with operating, maintaining
and financing our robots. If we are unable to efficiently design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy, distribute and service our robots
in a cost-effective manner, our margins, profitability and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to manufacture products of sufficient
quality on schedule in the future is uncertain, and delays in the design, production and launch of our products could harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our future business depends in large part on our
ability to execute our plans to design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy and service our products. We intend to outsource the manufacturing
of our robotic systems to a third-party manufacturing partner. While this arrangement may lower operating costs, it may have an adverse
effect on our flexibility to respond to changing conditions. We also plan to retain third-party vendors and
service providers to engineer, design and test some of the critical systems and components of our units. While this allows us to draw
from such third parties’ industry knowledge and expertise, there can be no assurance such systems and components will be successfully
developed to our specifications or delivered in a timely manner to meet our program timing requirements. Laws, regulations, and other legislative
efforts related to climate change, environmental concerns, and health and safety could result in increased operating costs, reduced demand
for our products and services, or the loss of future business. Concerns over environmental pollution and climate
change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will continue both in scope
and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may have an effect on the
way we manufacture products or utilize energy to produce our products. In addition, any new regulations or laws in the environmental area
might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our products. Environmental regulations may require us to reduce
product energy usage, monitor and exclude an expanding list of restricted substances and to participate in compulsory recovery and recycling
of our products or components. We are unable to predict how any future changes will impact us and if such impacts will be material to
our business. Further, climate change laws, environmental regulations,
and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn, reduce the demand for
our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate
changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic
events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further regulation. 39 We must also comply with extensive government
laws and regulations related to, among other things, health, safety and the environment, which govern the offshore and other areas where
our robotic systems operate, including vessel and port security laws. Since we have no prior history of offshore operations, we may be
unable to meet the compliance standards of such laws and regulations, and our inability to do so may cause us to lose prospective business
and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, environmental, health and safety and vessel and port
security laws change frequently, and we may not be able to anticipate such changes or the impact of such changes. There is no assurance
that we can avoid significant costs, liabilities and penalties imposed as a result of governmental regulation in the future. Changes in
laws or regulations concerning our offshore activities, the cost or availability of insurance, and decisions by clients, governmental
agencies or other industry participants could reduce demand for our services or increase our costs of operations, which could have a negative
impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but we cannot reasonably or reliably estimate that such changes
will occur, when they will occur or if they will impact us. We may become subject to new or changing
governmental regulations relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, servicing, or use of our products, including
as a result of climate change, and a failure to comply with such regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from the
market, delay our projected revenues, increase cost, or make our business unviable if we are unable to modify our products to comply. We may become subject to new or changing international,
federal, state and local regulations, including laws relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, servicing or use
of our products. Such laws and regulations may require us to pause sales and modify our products, which could result in a material adverse
effect on our revenues and financial condition. Such laws and regulations can also give rise to liability such as fines and penalties,
property damage, bodily injury and cleanup costs. Capital and operating expenses needed to comply with laws and regulations can be significant,
and violations may result in substantial fines and penalties, third-party damages, suspension of production or a cessation of our operations.
Any failure to comply with such laws or regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from the market. Climate change laws and environmental regulations
could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our services. Concerns over environmental pollution and climate
change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will continue both in scope
and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may have an effect on the
way we manufacture robots or utilize energy to deliver our services. In addition, any new regulations or laws in the environmental area
might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our robots. Environmental regulations may require us to reduce product
energy usage, monitor and exclude an expanding list of restricted substances and to participate in compulsory recovery and recycling of
our robots or components. We are unable to predict how any future changes will impact us and if such impacts will be material to our business. Further, climate change laws, environmental regulations,
and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn, reduce the demand for
our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gasses in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate
changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic
events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further regulation. Severe weather conditions and climate change
could have a material adverse impact on our business by reducing the operating hours of our robots. Our robots are designed to operate in common environmental
conditions. Currently we limit Serve’s operation to warm and dry climates, and we do not operate robots under rare or extreme conditions
such as strong storms or unusually high or low temperatures. While with each new generation of robots we plan to continually expand their
operating envelope (e.g., introducing the ability to manage ice and snow), which in turn would expand our geographic reach, there is no
guarantee that our efforts will successfully overcome all severe weather conditions. 40 We are subject to cybersecurity risks to
our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our products and data processed by us or third-party
vendors. Our business and operations involve the collection,
storage, processing, and transmission of personal data and certain other sensitive and proprietary data of collaborators, customers, and
others. Additionally, we maintain sensitive and proprietary information relating to our business, such as our own proprietary information
and personal data relating to our employees. An increasing number of organizations have disclosed breaches of their information security
systems and other information security incidents, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks. We may be a target
for attacks by state-sponsored actors and others designed to disrupt our operations or to attempt to gain access to our systems or data
that is processed or maintained in our business. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have increased security risks due to personnel
working remotely. We are at risk for interruptions, outages and
breaches of our: (a) operational systems, including business, financial, accounting, product development, data processing or production
processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (b) facility security systems, owned by us or our third-party vendors
or suppliers; (c) transmission control modules or other in-product technology, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (d)
the integrated software in our units; or (e) customer data that we processes or that our third-party vendors or suppliers process on our
behalf. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage information systems change frequently and may not be known
until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate
preventive measures, and may face delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches and other privacy-and
security-related incidents. Such incidents could: materially disrupt our operational systems; result in loss of intellectual property,
trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise certain information of customers, employees, suppliers,
or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; or affect the performance of in-product technology and the integrated software in
our units. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored or supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even
more difficult to detect, remediate, and otherwise respond to. We plan to include product services and functionality
that utilize data connectivity to monitor performance and timely capture opportunities to enhance performance and for safety and cost-saving
preventative maintenance. The availability and effectiveness of our services depend on the continued operation of information technology
and communications systems. Our systems will be vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among others, physical theft, fire, terrorist
attacks, natural disasters, power loss, war, telecommunications failures, viruses, denial or degradation of service attacks, ransomware,
social engineering schemes, insider theft or misuse or other attempts to harm our systems. We intend to use our product services and functionality
to log information about each unit’s use in order to aid us in diagnostics and servicing. Our customers may object to the use of
this data, which may require us to implement new or modified data handling policies and mechanisms, increase our unit maintenance costs
and costs associated with data processing and handling, and harm our business prospects. Although we are in the process of implementing
certain systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and systems within our control, prevent data loss, and prevent other
security breaches and security incidents, these security measures cannot guarantee security. The IT and infrastructure used in our business
may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches, and third parties may be able to access data, including personal data and other
sensitive and proprietary data of us and our customers, collaborators and partners, our employees’ personal data, or other sensitive
and proprietary data, accessible through those systems. Employee error, malfeasance, or other errors in the storage, use, or transmission
of any of these types of data could result in an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other security incident. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated
with developing, improving, expanding and updating our current systems, such as the disruption of our data management, procurement, production
execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory,
procure parts or supplies or manufacture, deploy, deliver and service our units, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve
and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, applicable laws, regulations and contracts. We cannot be sure that
these systems upon which we rely, including those of our third-party vendors or suppliers, will be effectively implemented, maintained
or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted,
our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control
over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information or intellectual
property could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems do not operate as we
expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these
functions. 41 Any actual or perceived security breach or security
incident, or any systems outages or other disruption to systems used in our business, could interrupt our operations, result in loss or
improper access to, or acquisition or disclosure of, data or a loss of intellectual property protection, harm our reputation and competitive
position, reduce demand for our products, damage our relationships with customers, partners, collaborators, or others, or result in claims,
regulatory investigations, and proceedings and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure, and any such incidents or any perception
that our security measures are inadequate could lead to loss of confidence in us and harm to our reputation, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any actual or perceived breach of privacy or security, or other security
incident, impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our third-party technology providers) could
have similar effects. We expect to incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent privacy and security breaches and other
privacy- and security-related incidents and may face increased costs and requirements to expend substantial resources in the event of
an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other incident. We are subject to evolving laws, regulations,
standards, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security laws and regulations, and our actual or perceived
failure to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, or otherwise adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are subject to or affected by a number of federal,
state and local laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations and industry standards, that impose certain obligations and restrictions
with respect to data privacy and security, and govern our collection, storage, retention, protection, use, processing, transmission, sharing
and disclosure of personal information, including that of our employees, customers and others. Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring
companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. Such laws may
be inconsistent or may change or additional laws may be adopted. In addition, our agreements with certain customers may require us to
notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, result in penalties
or fines, result in litigation, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us
to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. The global data protection landscape is rapidly
evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We may not
be able to monitor and react to all developments in a timely manner. For example, California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”), which became effective in January 2020. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses, including
an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA includes a framework with potentially
severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered businesses to provide new disclosures to California residents,
provide them new ways to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information, and allow for a new cause of action for data breaches.
Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), was approved by California voters in the November 3,
2020 election. The CPRA creates obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022, with implementing regulations expected
on or before July 1, 2022, and enforcement beginning July 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in
further uncertainty. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation
in the United States. Other states have begun to propose and enact similar laws. For example, Virginia has enacted the Virginia Consumer
Data Protection Act, which provides for obligations similar to the CCPA, and which will go into effect January 1, 2023. As we expand our
operations, the CCPA, CPRA, and other laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security may increase our compliance costs and
potential liability. Compliance with any applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process,
and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply with such laws and regulations. 42 Additionally, as our international presence expands,
we may become subject to or face increasing obligations under laws and regulations in countries outside the United States, many of which,
such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and national laws supplementing the GDPR, as
well as legislation substantially implementing the GDPR in the United Kingdom, are significantly more stringent than those currently enforced
in the United States. The GDPR requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data of individuals
located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The GDPR also includes significant penalties for noncompliance, which may result
in monetary penalties of up to the higher of €20 million or 4% of a group’s worldwide turnover for the preceding financial
year for the most serious violations. The United Kingdom’s version of the GDPR, the UK GDPR, which it maintains along with its Data
Protection Act (collectively, the “UK GDPR”), also provides for substantial penalties that, for the most serious violations,
can go up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of a group’s worldwide turnover for the preceding financial year. Many other
jurisdictions globally are considering or have enacted legislation providing for local storage of data or otherwise imposing privacy,
data protection and data security obligations in connection with the collection, use and other processing of personal data. We publish privacy policies and other documentation
regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or other confidential information. Although we endeavor
to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do
so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance, including if our employees, contractors, service
providers or vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential action by
governmental or regulatory authorities if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any actual
or perceived inability of us to adequately address privacy and security concerns or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations
relating to privacy, data protection or data security, or applicable privacy notices, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings
by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities.
Any such claims or other proceedings could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity. Any of the
foregoing may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption
and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can
harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel
Act, and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption
laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, business partners, third-party intermediaries, representatives,
and agents from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to
government officials, political candidates, political parties, or commercial partners for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business
or securing an improper business advantage. We have direct and indirect interactions with
foreign officials, including in furtherance of sales to governmental entities in non-U.S. countries. We sometimes leverage third parties
to conduct our business abroad, and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect interactions
with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other
illegal activities of our employees or these third-parties, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities.
The FCPA and other applicable laws and regulations also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls
and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such
laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, business partners, third-party intermediaries, representatives, and agents
will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Our exposure for
violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violations of the laws and regulations described
above may result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties,
damages, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, suspension or debarment
from government contracts, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences, any of
which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition, responding to any investigation
or action will likely result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and
other professional fees. 43 The impact of COVID-19 could slow development
of our product and utilization of our services. Due to COVID-19, the Company may experience delays
related to manufacturing, assembly, and deployment of our robots as well as impact the availability and utilization of our services. The
impact continues to evolve, and its future effects are uncertain. Due to COVID-19, the Company may be limited at times with regard to
the number of engineers that can work on the product and operations personnel responsible for the successful deployment and performance
of our services at any given time in order to maintain safe social distancing. Furthermore, as mentioned above, the Company relies on
third-party manufacturers, and those manufacturers may experience delays as well. Such delays would adversely impact our ability to generate
revenues. We are and may continue to be significantly
impacted by the worldwide economic downturn due to the COVID-19 pandemic, outbreaks of other contagious diseases, and other catastrophic
events. The COVD-19 health crisis has adversely affected
and could continue to affect the global economy, resulting in an economic downturn that could negatively impact the value of the Company’s
shares and investor demand for shares generally. The continued spread of COVID-19 has also led
to severe disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which could increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our ability
to access the capital markets in the future. It is possible that the continued spread of COVID-19, outbreaks of other contagious diseases,
and other catastrophic events (such as wars, weather events, or terrorism) could cause further economic slowdown or recession or cause
other unpredictable events, each of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The extent to which any catastrophic event affects
our business and financial results will depend on future developments, including the duration of such event and the global response to
it, its impact on capital and financial markets, its impact on global supply chains, and whether the impacts may result in temporary or
permanent changes in consumer behavior among others, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted In addition, we cannot predict the impact any
future pandemic or outbreak of a disease, or a catastrophic event will have on our business partners and third-party merchants and suppliers,
and we may be adversely impacted as a result of the adverse impact our business partners and third-party merchants and suppliers suffer.
For example, if we are unable to produce our robots due to manufacturing strains, we may not be able to build and deploy our robots as
planned and scale our business. This impact would mean we’d need to raise additional capital in order to cover our operating expenses
and meet our revenue targets. To the extent a pandemic or other catastrophic event adversely affects our business and financial results,
it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ Risk Factors ” section. Any of
the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, could adversely impact our business,
financial performance and condition, and results of operations. Being a public company can be administratively
burdensome and will significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs. As a public reporting company, we are subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations
related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), and the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In addition, the listing requirements of any national securities exchange or other exchange
and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel
will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will significantly
increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Among other things, we
are required to: ● | maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; ● | maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; 44 ● | prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; ● | institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and ● | involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is expensive and much greater
than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations will require us to hire additional financial reporting,
internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the
attention of our board of directors and management. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
this coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executives and members of our board
of directors. Our management as a group has limited experience
in operating a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively
manage operating as a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under U.S. securities laws.
Our executive officers as a group have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Their limited experience in
dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that
an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted to the management and
growth of our company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting
policies, practices or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. Any failure by us to effectively and efficiently
meet our obligations as a publicly traded company could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results and/or result in legal liability or other negative consequences. Risks Related to Ownership
of Our Common Stock The shares of common stock issued in the
Merger and the Offering are “restricted securities” and, as such, may not be sold except in limited circumstances. None of the shares of common stock have been registered
under the Securities Act or registered or qualified under any state securities laws. The shares of common stock issued in the Merger and
Offering were sold and/or issued pursuant to exemptions contained in and under those laws. Accordingly, such shares of common stock are
“restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act and must, therefore, be held indefinitely unless registered
under applicable federal and state securities laws, or an exemption is available from the registration requirements of those laws. The
certificates representing the shares of common stock issued in the Merger reflect their restricted status. We have agreed to register the shares of common
stock issued in the Merger and the Offering. There can be no assurance, however, that the SEC will declare the registration statement
effective, thereby enabling the shares of common stock issued in the Merger or the Offering to be freely tradable. In addition, Rule 144
under the Securities Act, which permits the resale, subject to various terms and conditions, of limited amounts of restricted securities
after they have been held for six months, will not immediately apply to our common stock because we were at one time designated as a “shell
company” under SEC regulations. Pursuant to Rule 144(i), securities issued by a current or former shell company that otherwise meet
the holding period and other requirements of Rule 144 nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance on Rule 144 until one year after the date
on which the issuer filed current “Form 10 information” (as defined in Rule 144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it ceased
being a shell company, and provided that at the time of a proposed sale pursuant to Rule 144, the issuer has satisfied certain reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act. We believe this requirement to file Form 10 information has been satisfied by the filing of this
Report. Because, as a former shell company, the reporting requirements of Rule 144(i) will apply regardless of holding period, the restrictive
legends on certificates for the shares of common stock issued in the Merger and the Offering cannot be removed except in connection with
an actual sale that is subject to an effective registration statement under, or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of, the Securities Act. 45 If we are unable to register in a timely
manner the shares of common stock issued to stockholders in the Merger or the Offering, then the ability to re-sell shares of our common
stock so issued will be delayed. We have agreed, at our expense, to prepare and
file with the SEC a registration statement registering the resale of an aggregate of 25,490,308 shares of our common stock issued in connection
with the Merger and the Offering. There are many reasons, including some over which we have little or no control, which could keep the
registration statement from being declared effective by the SEC, including delays resulting from the SEC review process and comments raised
by the SEC during that process. The shares of common stock covered by such registration statement will not be eligible for resale until
the registration statement is effective or an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, becomes available. If the registration statement
is not filed within 60 days of the closing of the Offering, then we may be subject to certain liquidated damages pursuant to the registration
rights agreement we entered into with the holders of 25,490,308 shares of our common stock issued in connection with the Merger and the
Offering. See “ The Merger and Related Transactions—Registration Rights ” for more information. There is currently no market for our common
stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop. You may therefore be unable to re-sell shares of our common stock
at times and prices that you believe are appropriate. Our common stock is not listed on a national securities
exchange or any other exchange, or quoted on an over-the-counter market. Therefore, there is no trading market, active or otherwise, for
our common stock and our common stock may never be included for trading on any stock exchange, automated quotation system or any over-the-counter
market. Accordingly, our common stock is highly illiquid and you will likely experience difficulty in re-selling such shares at times
and prices that you may desire. Our common stock may not be eligible for
listing or quotation on any securities exchange or over-the-counter trading system. We do not currently meet the initial quantitative
listing standards of any national securities exchange or over-the-counter trading system. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange, or, if we do meet such initial listing standards, that we will
be able to maintain any such listing. Further, the national securities exchanges are adopting so-called “seasoning” rules
that will require that we meet certain requirements, including prescribed periods of time trading over-the-counter and minimum filings
of periodic reports with the SEC, before we are eligible to apply for listing on such national securities exchanges. We intend to contact
an authorized market maker for an over-the-counter quotation system for sponsorship of our common stock, but we cannot guarantee that
such sponsorship will be approved and our common stock listed and quoted for sale. Even if our common stock is quoted for sale on an over-the-counter
quotation system, buyers may be insufficient in numbers to allow for a robust market and it may prove impossible to sell your shares.
In addition, an investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. In addition,
if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell
our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers
from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make it more difficult for us to
raise additional capital. The market price and trading volume of our
common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly following the Merger. The quotation systems, including the OTC Markets
QB tier, or stock exchanges, including Nasdaq, on which our common stock may be quoted or on which our common stock may be listed in the
future have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Even if an active, liquid and orderly trading market
develops and is sustained for our common stock following the Merger, the market price of our common stock may be volatile and
could decline significantly. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations
to occur. If the market price of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the
market price of our common stock as of the date of the consummation of the Merger. We cannot assure you that the market price of common
stock will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the
following: ● | the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Report; ● | actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition; 46 ● | additions and departures of key personnel; ● | failure to comply with the requirements of the OTCQB market, or following our potential up listing on Nasdaq; ● | failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; ● | future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases, of our common stock; ● | publication of research reports about us, or our industry; ● | the performance and market valuations of other similar companies; ● | broad disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; ● | speculation in the press or investment community; ● | actual, potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; and ● | changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines. In the past, securities class-action litigation
has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their shares. This type of litigation
could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect
on us. The designation of our common stock as “penny
stock” would limit the liquidity of our common stock. Our common stock may be deemed a “penny
stock” (as that term is defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act) in any market that may develop in the future. Generally,
a “penny stock” is a common stock that is not listed on a securities exchange and trades for less than $5.00 a share. Prices
often are not available to buyers and sellers and the market may be very limited. Penny stock in start-up companies is among the riskiest
equity investments. Broker-dealers who sell penny stock must provide purchasers with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared
by the SEC. The document provides information about penny stock and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny stock
market. A broker must also provide purchasers with bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson compensation
and make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser’s written
agreement to the purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. If our common stock is deemed “penny
stock”, because of penny stock rules, there may be less trading activity in any market that develops for our common stock in the
future and stockholders are likely to have difficulty selling their shares. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our common stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or
FINRA, has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 47 Because we became a reporting company under
the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not be able to attract the attention of
research analysts at major brokerage firms. Because we did not become a reporting company
by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our common stock, and because we will not be listed on a national securities
exchange, security analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company. In addition, investment banks may be less likely
to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might if we became a public reporting company by means of an underwritten
initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with our Company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media,
and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for
our shares will have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market for our common stock. Because the Merger was a reverse merger,
the registration statement we file with respect to the shares of common stock received by investors in the Merger might be subject to
heightened scrutiny by the SEC, and we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms. Additional risks may exist as a result of our
becoming a public reporting company through a “reverse merger.” Certain SEC rules are more restrictive when applied to reverse
merger companies, such as the ability of stockholders to re-sell their shares of common stock pursuant to Rule 144, and the SEC may subject
the registration statement we file with respect to the shares of common stock received by investors in the Merger and the Offering to
heightened scrutiny. In addition, securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our capital stock or business.
Because we became a public reporting operating company through a reverse merger, there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend
the purchase of our common stock. We cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to provide analyst coverage of our capital stock
or business in the future. Following the consummation of the Merger,
we will be obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop and
maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate
financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses
increases the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The Company is currently a public company and
is required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting on its annual report on Form 10-K. Following the Merger,
we will be subject to the same requirements. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for reliable financial reports
and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such internal controls are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement
required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet its reporting obligations.
Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in reported financial information, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our common stock. The report by management will need to include
disclosure of any material weaknesses identified in internal control over financial reporting. However, for as long as we are an “emerging
growth company” under the JOBS Act following the consummation of the Merger, its independent registered public accounting firm will
not be required to attest to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Management’s assessment of internal controls, when implemented, could detect problems with internal controls, and an independent
assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls by our auditors could detect further problems that management’s assessment
might not, and could result in the identification of material weaknesses that were not otherwise identified. Undetected material weaknesses
in internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. We are required
to disclose changes made in internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the public company requirements, we may
need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff. 48 We are in the early stages of developing the system
and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may not be able to complete
its evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that internal control over financial reporting is
effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the
effectiveness of its internal control, including as a result of the material weaknesses described above, we could lose investor confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject
to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able
to remain quoted on any over-the-counter trading system, or following any potential listing, listed on any securities exchange. We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of
exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including: ● | not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and annual report on Form 10-K; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. ● | We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering. Our status as an emerging growth company will end as soon as any of the following takes place: ● | the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.235 billion in annual revenues; ● | the date we qualify as a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; ● | the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or ● | the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of this Merger. We cannot predict if investors will find our common
stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the
market price of our common stock may be more volatile. 49 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies
can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected
to avail ourselves of this provision of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting standards
at the same time as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Therefore, our consolidated financial statements may
not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We are also a “smaller reporting company”
as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a “smaller reporting company” even after we are no longer
an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will
be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is
less than $250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues is less than $100.0 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700.0 million
measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. We may face risks related to securities
litigation that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. We may in the future become subject to claims
and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and require us to incur
significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain financial covenants under our credit
agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers who are
named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention from management
and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may
prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Our restated certificate of incorporation and
our restated bylaws that will be in effect upon completion of this Merger contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control
of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members
of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions: ● | establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; ● | permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; ● | provide that directors may only be removed “for cause” and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; ● | require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws; ● | authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; ● | eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; ● | prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; ● | prohibit cumulative voting; and ● | establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 50 In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our restated certificate of incorporation, or our restated bylaws; or any action
asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Section 22 of the Securities
Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the federal district
courts of the United States of America will, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, be the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (“Federal Forum Provision”). Our decision to adopt
a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially
valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware
Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum
Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought
in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies
to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court.
Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including
the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing
for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers,
and other employees. In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations
and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock. We do not intend to pay dividends for the
foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our
common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after
price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. Our stock price and trading volume following our
quotation on the OTC Markets QB tier, if any, or following our potential listing on a securities exchange, if any, will be heavily influenced
by the way analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures. Securities and industry analysts do not currently,
and may never, publish research on our business. If few securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our stock price could
be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business,
our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our
common stock. 51 MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
and other financial information included in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth
elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading “Forward-Looking Statements” elsewhere in this Report.
You should review the disclosure under the heading “Risk Factors” in this Report for a discussion of important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in
the following discussion and analysis. Overview On July 31, 2023, Patricia Acquisition Corp.,
Acquisition Sub, and Serve entered into a Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Acquisition
Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result of the
Merger, we acquired the business of Serve and will continue the existing business operations of Serve as a public reporting company under
the name Serve Robotics Inc. On the Closing Date, Serve Robotics’ predecessor was renamed Serve Operating Co. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization and
reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes, and Serve is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes. As a result
of the Merger and the change in our business and operations, a discussion of the past financial results of Patricia Acquisition Corp.
is not pertinent, and under applicable accounting principles, the historical financial results of Serve, the accounting acquirer, prior
to the Merger are considered our historical financial results. Our discussion and analysis is organized as follows: ● | Executive Summary – Summary analysis of financial and other highlights to provide context for the discussion and analysis. ● | Results of Operations – An analysis of our financial results. ● | Liquidity, and Capital Resources – An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows and a discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity. ● | Critical Accounting Estimates – Accounting estimates that management believes are the most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our financial results and forecasts and involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty Serve Robotics Serve is shaping the future of sustainable, self-driving
delivery. We design, develop, and operate zero-emissions robots that serve people in public spaces, starting with food delivery. Starting
in 2017, our core technology was developed by our co-founders and a majority of our product and engineering team in San Francisco, California
as a special project within Postmates, one of the pioneering food delivery startups in the United States. By the end of 2020, the team
had developed a fleet of sidewalk robots that had successfully performed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates in California,
augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired by Uber in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber’s leadership
team agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating to this project to Serve. In return for
this contribution and an investment of cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity interest in the business. By the end of
the first quarter of 2021, the majority of the team that had worked on this project at Postmates joined Serve as full time employees. 52 Because we started this project within a food
delivery company, our team comes with a depth of combined expertise in food delivery, automation, and robotics. Our expertise uniquely
positions us to service the growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery, where approximately half of all deliveries are
less than 2.5 miles and well-suited to delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that delights customers,
improves reliability for merchants, and reduces traffic congestion and eliminates vehicle emissions. At scale, our delivery robots can
complete deliveries at lower cost than human couriers, making on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in areas we operate. Recent Developments Merger Agreement On July 31, 2023, Patricia Acquisition Corp.,
Acquisition Sub, and Serve entered into the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Acquisition
Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business
of Serve, a leading autonomous sidewalk delivery company based in Redwood City, California. See “ Description of Business .”
At the Effective Time, each of Serve’s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger
was converted into the right to receive 0.8035 of a share of our common stock (in
the case of shares held by accredited investors), with the maximum number of shares of our common stock issuable to the former holders
of Serve’s capital stock equal to 20,948,917 after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares. Immediately prior to the Effective
Time, an aggregate of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock owned by our stockholders prior to the Merger were forfeited and canceled (the
“Stock Forfeiture”). In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
(i) options to purchase 1,984,951 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the
Merger under the Serve Plan were assumed and converted into options to purchase 1,594,900 shares of our common stock, (ii) warrants
to purchase 160,323 shares of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the
Merger were assumed and converted into warrants to purchase 128,819 shares of our common stock, and (iii) warrants to purchase 17,314
shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted
into warrants to purchase 13,911 shares of our common stock and (iv) SAFEs totaling $15,551,953 were converted into 4,372,613 shares of
our common stock. Private Placement Offering Following the Effective Time of the Merger, we
sold 3,720,339 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement offering at the Offering Price. The initial closing of the Offering
occurred on July 31, 2023. We may hold one or more subsequent closings, to sell the remaining shares in the Offering. We may also
sell up to an additional 2,500,000 shares of common stock at the Offering Price to cover over-subscriptions in the event the Offering
is oversubscribed. Each investor in any subsequent closing will be
required to represent that, at the time of the applicable closing, it (i) has a substantive, pre-existing relationship with us, or has
direct contact with us or the Placement Agents or other enumerated parties outside of the Offering and (ii) did not independently contact
us as a result of general solicitation by means of this Report, any press release or any other public disclosure disclosing the material
terms of the Offering. Secured Subordinated Promissory Notes On June 28, 2023 and July 6, 2023, Serve issued
Secured Subordinated Promissory Notes (the “Promissory Notes”) to accredited investors in an aggregate principal loan amount
of $750,000. Pursuant to the Promissory Notes, the loans accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 18.00% per annum,
computed as simple interest. Each holder of the Promissory Notes was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal amount
of such holder’s Promissory Note, less the total amount of interest that accrued on such Promissory Note prior to the Closing of
the Merger (the “Exit Fee”). Serve repaid the Promissory Notes and the Exit Fee upon the Closing of the Merger. 53 Outlook And Challenges Facing Our Business There are a number of industry factors that affect
our business which include, among others: Overall Demand for Last Mile Delivery on Partner
Platforms . Our potential for growth depends significantly
on continued demand for last mile delivery of food and other items on our partner platforms. This demand can fluctuate based on various
market cycles and weather and local community health conditions, as well as evolving competitive dynamics. Our largest stream of projected
revenue comes from maximizing utilization of our robots to perform deliveries on our partner platforms. Matching algorithms on these platforms
as well as the extent of their merchant and end-customer participation in robotic delivery directly impacts the utilization rate of our
robots, both of which can be challenging to predict. These uncertainties make demand difficult to forecast for us and our partners. Customer Concentration . We currently have a limited number of customers.
Sales to Uber represented 50% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and if Uber were to breach, cancel, or amend our agreement,
it may have an outsized effect on our revenue, cash on hand, and profitability. Our business development team is actively pursuing new
delivery and branding customers to diversify our customer base. Inflation and Market Considerations; Availability
of Materials, Labor & Services . We consider most on-demand purchases as discretionary
spending for consumers and we are therefore susceptible to changes in discretionary spending patterns and economic slowdowns in the geographic
areas in which merchants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy at large. Discretionary consumer spending can be
impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, inflation, rising gasoline prices, interest rates, consumer confidence,
and other macroeconomic factors. Inflation can lead to increased cost of material and labor for restaurants and merchants who may in turn
raise prices on the item they sell and result in a reduction in demand for those items. To the extent inflation reduces economic activity
and consumer demand for items we deliver, it could negatively impact our financial results. Continued uncertainty in or a worsening of
the economy, generally or in a number of our markets, and consumers’ reactions to these trends could adversely affect our business
and cause us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of new market openings or cease operations in existing markets. It
is important to note, however, that inflation can also serve as a tailwind that would accelerate the adoption of automated robotic last
mile delivery as labor becomes more expensive and drives up the cost of delivery by humans. Intellectual Property . We rely on patented and non-patented proprietary
information relating to product development, manufacturing capabilities, and other core competencies of our business. Protection of intellectual
property is critical. Therefore, steps such as additional patent applications, confidentiality, and non-disclosure agreements, as well
as other security measures are important. While we believe we have a strong patent portfolio and there is no actual or, to our knowledge,
threatened litigation against us for patent-related matters, litigation or threatened litigation is a common method to effectively enforce
or protect intellectual property rights. Such action may be initiated by or against us and would require significant management time and
expenses. Supply Chain Constraints. The global supply shortage of electrical components,
including semiconductor chips and other hardware components essential to the manufacturing and maintenance of our robots, continued to
impact our supply chain throughout 2022. As a result, we experienced increases in our lead times and costs for certain components to build
our robots. We cannot be sure whether global supply chain shortages will impact our future robot build plans. In order to mitigate supply
chain risks, we would need to incur higher costs to secure available inventory and place non-cancellable purchase commitments with our
suppliers, which could introduce inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions prove inaccurate. Higher costs of components would impact
our cash runway and delays in the manufacturing of our robots would push out our revenue forecasts. 54 Governmental and Regulatory Conditions. Our potential for growth depends on continued
permission and acceptance by local governments and municipalities where our robots perform deliveries. Changes in regulations such as
the imposition of a cap on the number of robots or technical requirements such as robot size and weight restrictions or limitations on
autonomy within a certain geographic area could reduce or limit our ability to generate revenues and/or impact our unit economics in those
markets. Future Prospects . We anticipate that we will continue to experience
operating losses in 2023 and 2024 as we seek to implement our long-term strategic plan, using the net proceeds from the Offering to accelerate
our development through increased research and development spending, scale our robotic fleet, expand our sales and business development
efforts, and increase our overall headcount in order to achieve efficiencies through scaled growth. Our goal over the next two years is
to scale our operating fleet by a factor of 10 and expand our geographic coverage to new markets beyond our current operating area in
Los Angeles. With such an increase, we anticipate proportional increases in capital costs, overhead, and operating expenses. We aim to
initially achieve profitability in 2025, with increased profitability thereafter; however, doing so is dependent upon numerous factors,
including the development of revenues, general business and economic conditions, and other risks and uncertainties, including those listed
under the caption “ Risk Factors .” Components of Results
of Operations Revenue Our revenue currently
consists of (1) delivery revenues and (2) revenues from branding. Operating Expenses Cost of revenue .
Cost of revenue consists of (1) robot costs (depreciation and lease costs), (2) headcount from operations, and (3) software & network
related costs. We expect our cost of revenue to increase proportionately with increases in revenue. Research and Development .
Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation,
employee benefits, and costs associated with first generation robots and design, testing, and repair of our robots. We expense research
and development expenses as incurred. As we continue to invest in developing our technology for new products, we expect research and development
expenses to moderately increase. Sales and Marketing .
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation, employee
benefits, and associated travel costs. Sales and marketing expenses also include costs associated with our support of business development
efforts. We expense sales and marketing expenses as incurred. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in future periods as
we increase our sales and expand our business development and marketing organization. General and Administrative .
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation,
employee benefits, and travel. In addition, general and administrative expenses include third-party consulting, legal, audit, and accounting
services, allocations of overhead costs, such as rent, facilities, and information technology, and amortization of our intangible assets.
We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods due to additional legal, accounting, insurance, investor relations,
and other costs associated with being a public company, as well as other costs associated with growing our business. Interest Expense Interest expense consists
primarily of interest associated with our debt with Silicon Valley Bank and equipment financing lease with Farnam Street Financial, Inc
(“Farnam Street”). 55 Changes in Fair
Value of future equity obligations Changes
in the fair value of the simple agreements for future equity related to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized within the statements
of operations. Other Income, Net Other income, net of
other expenses, consists primarily of income generated from our interest-bearing deposit account. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense consists
primarily of income taxes in certain foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Results of Operations The following table sets
forth our summarized consolidated financial information for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31,
2023 | 2022
Revenues | $ | 40,252 | $ | 15,860
Cost of revenues | 367,261 | 125,315
Gross loss | (327,009 | ) | (109,455 | )
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 1,015,987 | 673,735
Operations | 521,687 | 334,975
Research and development | 2,082,949 | 2,715,718
Sales and marketing | 279,582 | 111,768
Total operating expenses | 3,900,205 | 3,836,196
Loss from operations | (4,227,214 | ) | (3,945,651 | )
Other income (expense), net:
Interest expense, net | (41,744 | ) | (1,000 | )
Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity | (869,164 | ) | 4,506
Total other income (expense), net | (910,908 | ) | 3,506
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | $ | (5,138,122 | ) | $ | (3,942,145 | )
Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 8,349,035 | 8,714,784
Net loss per common share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.62 | ) | $ | (0.45 | ) Revenues increased
$24,392 to $40,252 for the three months ended March 31, 2023 from $15,860 for the same period in 2022. The increase is due primarily
to the larger fleet size and platform-level integration with Uber Eats. In 2022, we entered into a multi-year contract with Uber,
pursuant to which we can deploy up to 2,000 robots on their platform. Cost of revenues increased
$241,946 to $367,261 for the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $125,315 for the same period in 2022, due primarily to the
larger scale of the fleet operated. General and administrative
expenses increased $342 thousand to $1.02 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 from $674 thousand for the same period in
2022, due primarily to an increase in headcount to support growth of the company. Operations expenses increased
$186,712 to $521,687 for the three months ended March 31, 2023 from $334,975 for the same period in 2022, due primarily to servicing the
larger scale of the fleet. Research and development
expense, which represents 53.4% and 70.8% of our total operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
decreased $632 thousand to $2.08 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 from $2.72 million for the same period in 2022, due
primarily to a reduction in force effective December 2022. Sales and marketing expenses
increased $167,814 to $279,582 for the three months ended March 31, 2023 compared with $111,768 in the same period in 2022, due primarily
to an increase in headcount and public relations spend. 56 Operating expenses increased
$64 thousand to $3.90 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 from $3.84 million for the same period in 2022, remaining relatively
stable as the costs of larger scale of fleet operations were offset by the headcount reduction in force effective December 2022. Interest expense of $41,744
for the three months ended March 31, 2023 related to the debt from Silicon Valley Bank. Interest expense of $1,000 for the three months
ended March 31, 2022 related to the Amortization of Debt Discount as the loan contract with Silicon Valley Bank was entered into in March
2022. The change in fair
value of simple agreements for future equity was an expense of $869 thousand for the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared
with other income of $4.5 thousand for the three months ended March 31, 2022. The increase in expense was attributed to the
underlying assumptions on the outstanding SAFEs. Net losses were $5.14
million and $3.94 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net loss was primarily attributable
to a $869 thousand increase in change in future value of simple agreements for future equity and a $242 thousand increase in cost of revenues. The following table sets
forth our historical consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2022 | Period from January 15, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021
Revenues | $ | 107,819 | $ | -
Cost of revenues | 1,148,426 | -
Gross Profit (loss) | (1,040,607 | ) | -
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 3,786,124 | 2,465,570
Operations | 2,035,063 | 924,501
Research and development | 13,565,765 | 7,092,628
Sales and marketing | 525,494 | 139,664
Total operating expenses | 19,912,446 | 10,622,363
Loss from operations | (20,953,053 | ) | (10,622,363 | )
Other income (expense), net:
Interest expense | (636,330 | ) | -
Change in fair value of future equity obligations | (265,744 | ) | (11,043,155 | )
Total other income (expense), net | (902,074 | ) | (11,043,155 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | $ | (21,855,127 | ) | $ | (21,665,518 | )
Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 8,583,409 | 6,997,571
Net loss per common share - basic and diluted | $ | (2.55 | ) | $ | (3.10 | ) Revenues were $107,819 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared with zero for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our 2022 revenue was attributable primarily to delivery revenues and
revenues from branding. Cost of revenues was $1.15 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared with $0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of revenues in 2022 was attributable to robot costs
(depreciation and lease costs), headcount from operations, and software & network related costs. General and administrative expense increased
$1.32 million to $3.79 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from $2.47 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due
primarily to an increase in costs related to administrative functions, including finance and accounting, legal, and human resources,
as well as general corporate expenses. Operations expense increased $1.1 million to $2
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with $925 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to servicing
the larger scale of the fleet. Research and development expense, which represented
68.1% and 66.8% of total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, increased $6.47 million to $13.57
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from $7.09 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to an increase in
personnel expenses for product design, hardware, and software. 57 Sales and marketing expenses increased
$385,830 to $525,494 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from $139,664 for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to an
increase in personnel costs and public relations expenses. Operating expense increased $9.29 million to
$19.91 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from $10.62 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to an increase
in robot costs (depreciation and lease robots), headcount from operations and software & network related costs. Interest expense consisted of $636,330 for loan
and equipment financing for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had no interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in fair value of future equity obligations
decreased by $10.78 million to $266 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $11.04 million for the year ended December
31, 2021 primarily due to the revaluation of SAFEs immediately prior to conversion into preferred stock. Other Expenses were $902 thousand and $11.04 million
for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively primarily due to the conversion of SAFEs into preferred stock. Net loss increased $190 thousand to $21.86
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from $21.67 million for the same period in 2021. The increase in net loss was primarily
attributed to a loss of $10.3 million from operations and cost of revenues which was offset by a gain of $10.1 million in
other income (expense) primarily due to the revaluation of SAFEs immediately prior to conversion into preferred stock. Key metrics We regularly review the
following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business
plans, and make strategic decisions: Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 | Year Ended December 31, 2022
Key Metrics
Daily Active Robots | 26 | 12
Daily Supply Hours | 152 | 66 Daily Active Robots: We define daily active robots as the average number of robots performing daily deliveries during the period. Daily active robots reflects
our operation team’s capacity to have active robots in the field performing deliveries and/or generating branding revenues. We closely
monitor and strive to increase our daily active robots efficiently as we improve our autonomy and resultant human-to-robot ratios and
increase the number of merchants and brand advertisers on our platform. Daily Supply Hours: We define daily supply
hours as the average number of hours our robots are ready to accept offers and perform daily deliveries during the period. Supply hours
represent the aggregate number of robot hours per day during which we can utilize our robots for delivery. Supply hours increase as we
add active robots and increase the operating window of those robots in a day. We closely monitor and strive to efficiently increase our
fleet’s daily supply hours. Liquidity and Capital Resources Net cash generated by financing activities is
our primary source of liquidity. As of March 31, 2023, we had working capital of approximately $2.3 million, which included $866 thousand
in cash and cash equivalents. We plan to raise additional working capital to
fund operations through the issuance of stock to investors and/or issuance of notes payable. We believe, but there is no assurance, that
the net proceeds of $10.0 million from the initial closing of the Offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient
to fund our current operating plans for the short term. 58 Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on our ability to raise adequate capital to fund operating losses until we can generate liquidity from our business operations.
To the extent sufficient financing is not available, we may not be able to, or may be delayed in, developing our offerings and meeting
our obligations. We will continue to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our available cash and evaluate financing alternatives
in order to satisfy our working capital and other cash requirements. Cash Flows As of March 31, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents were $866 thousand.
The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented: Three Months Ended March 31, | Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022 | 2022 | 2021
Net cash (used in) provided by:
Operating activities | $ | (3,713,409 | ) | $ | (5,588,708 | ) | $ | (21,402,786 | ) | $ | (10,709,450 | )
Investing activities | 0 | (54,146 | ) | (4,060,962 | ) | (258,732 | )
Financing activities | 1,864,167 | 14,085,001 | 20,213,606 | 18,934,043
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents excluding effect of foreign exchange rate changes | $ | (1,849,242 | ) | $ | 8,442,147 | $ | (5,250,142 | ) | $ | 7,965,861 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was $3.71
million and $5.59 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease of $1.88 million was attributable
primarily to reduction in inventory in the first quarter of 2023 and stabilization of costs for general operations in the first quarter
of 2023. Net cash used in operating activities was $21.40
million and $10.71 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of $10.69 million was attributable
primarily to increase in operating expenses including headcount & personnel costs, research and development, and support to revenue
producing activities. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $0 and
$54,146 for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cash used in investing activities in the three months ended
March 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to office equipment, mainly computers. Net cash used in investing activities was $4.06
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and net cash provided by investing activities was $259 thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021. The $3.80 million change in cash used in investing activities was attributable primarily to the increase in the Robot Fixed
asset for second generation robots. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was
$1.86 million and $14.09 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities
during the three months ended March 31, 2023 was primarily related to proceeds from simple agreements for future equity. Net cash provided
by financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to proceeds from simple agreements for
future equity. The decrease of $12.22 million was primarily attributable to a decrease in proceeds from simple agreements for future equity. Net cash provided by financing activities was
$20.21 million and $18.93 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of $1.28 million was attributable
primarily to proceeds from simple agreements for future equity and proceeds from Silicon Valley Bank loan. 59 Indebtedness In March 2022, we entered into a term loan with
Silicon Valley Bank for gross proceeds of $2.5 million with a maturity date of March 1, 2025. The loan accrues interest at the greater
of 3.25% or prime rate. Principal payments commenced on October 1, 2022 and the loan is repayable in 30 installments of principal and
accrued interest. We also entered into an equipment financing lease
agreement with Farnam Street in June 2022, commencing November 2022, for the cost of building robots, calling for 24 monthly payments
of approximately $207 thousand based on an expected total cost of $4.46 million of robot parts and manufacturing costs. Contractual Obligations and Commitments The following is a summary of our significant
contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. Within One Year | More than One Year and Less than Three Years | More than Three Years and Less than Five Years | More than Five Years | Total
Operating lease obligations | $ | 483,186 | $ | 742,759 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 1,225,945
Loan Financing Facility | 1,000,000 | 1,250,000 | - | - | 2,250,000
Equipment Financing Facility | 2,214,348 | 1,862,980 | - | - | 4,077,328
Total | $ | 3,697,534 | $ | 3,855,739 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 7,533,273 On December 31, 2021, the company entered into a strategic supply agreement
with a manufacturer of component parts used for the Company’s robot assets. The agreement calls for a minimum of $2.3 million in
purchases over a two-year period ending December 2023. At the end of the two-year period, the vendor may invoice the Company for any shortfall
in orders. The company has minimum spend agreements related
to simulation software and storage services. The purchase commitments extend for a period of two to three years. Off-Balance Sheet Transactions We did not have during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial
partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes thereto included in this Report are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of consolidated financial statements
also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses,
and related disclosures. These estimates are developed based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent
that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition,
results of operation, and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a greater degree
of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the estimates we believe are most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating
our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Revenue Recognition The Company adopted Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2014-09 , Revenue from
Contracts with Customers , and its related amendments (collectively known as “ASC 606”), effective January 1, 2019 using
the modified retrospective transition approach applied to all contracts. Therefore, the reported results for the periods ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 reflect the application of ASC 606. Management determined that there were no retroactive adjustments necessary to revenue
recognition upon the adoption of the ASU 2014-09. 60 Revenue recognition policy The Company determines revenue recognition through
the following steps: ● | Identification of a contract with a customer; ● | Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; ● | Determination of the transaction price; ● | Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and ● | Recognition of revenue when or as the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods or services. As a practical expedient, the Company does not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant
financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods or services is expected to
be one year or less. To date, the Company has generated revenues from
its delivery services as well as branding fees. For delivery services, the Company satisfies its performance obligation when the delivery
is complete, which is the point in time control transfers to the customer. The Company recognizes branding fees over time as performance
obligations are completed over the term of the agreement. Lease Recognition In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2016 02, Leases (ASC 842). This ASU requires a lessee
to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability under most operating leases in its balance sheet. The ASU is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASC 842 on January 1, 2022 and
did not require retrospective medication. The Company determines if an arrangement is a
lease, or includes an embedded lease, at inception for each contract or agreement. A contract is or contains an embedded lease if the
contract meets all of the below criteria: (i) | there is an identified asset; (ii) | the Company obtains substantially all of the economic benefits of the asset; and (iii) | the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company’s operating lease agreements
include office and warehouse space. Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease
term and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make payments arising from the lease or embedded lease. Operating lease
ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease
payments over the lease term. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate that is based
on the estimated rate of interest for a collateralized borrowing of a similar asset, using a similar term as the lease payments at the
commencement date. Indirect capital costs are capitalized and included in the ROU assets at commencement. 61 The operating lease ROU assets and operating lease
liabilities include any lease payments made, including any variable amounts that are based on an index or rate, and exclude lease incentives.
Variability that is not due to an index or rate, such as payments made based on hourly rates, are excluded from the lease liability. Lease
terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Renewal option periods are included within the
lease term and the associated payments are recognized in the measurement of the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability when
they are at our discretion and considered reasonably certain of being exercised. Over the lease term, the Company uses the effective interest
rate method to account for the lease liability as lease payments are made and the ROU asset is amortized in a manner that results in straight-line
expense recognition. The Company has elected the practical expedient
not to recognize leases with an initial term of 12 months or less on its balance sheets and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the term of the short-term lease. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. The Company measures all stock-based awards granted to employees,
directors and non-employee consultants based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes compensation expense for those
awards, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award.
For awards with service-based vesting conditions, the Company records the expense for using the straight-line method. For awards with
performance-based vesting conditions, the Company records the expense if and when the Company concludes that it is probable that the performance
condition will be achieved. The Company classifies stock-based compensation
expenses in its statement of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient’s payroll costs are classified or in which
the award recipient’s service payments are classified. The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company historically has been a private company and lacks company-specific
historical and implied volatility information for its stock. Therefore, it estimates its expected stock price volatility based on the
historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expects to continue to do so until such time as it has adequate historical
data regarding the volatility of its own traded stock price. The expected term of the Company’s stock options has been determined
utilizing the “simplified” method for awards that qualify as “plain-vanilla” options. The risk-free interest rate
is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately
equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends on
common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Determining the appropriate fair value of stock-based
awards requires the input of subjective assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
management’s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment. As a result,
if factors change and management uses different assumptions, stock-based compensation expenses could be materially different for future
awards. JOBS Act Accounting Election We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to either early adopt or delay
the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the
extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively
and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 62 MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table provides information regarding
our executive officers and directors as of July 31, 2023: Name | Age | Positions
Executive Officers
Ali Kashani | 38 | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Touraj Parang | 50 | President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
April Pannell | 40 | Chief Financial Officer
Euan Abraham | 46 | Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering
Non-Employee Directors
James Buckly Jordan (2)(3) | 43 | Director
Sarfraz Maredia | 40 | Director
Ali Pourdad (1)(2) | 41 | Director
Olivier Vincent (2)(3) | 59 | Director (1) | Member of the nominating and governance committee.
(2) | Member of the audit committee.
(3) | Member of the compensation committee. Executive Officers Ali Kashani co-founded Serve
Robotics Inc. in January 2021 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Serve (the
“Board”) since then. Prior to co-founding Serve, he served as Vice President of Postmates Inc., an on-demand food
delivery platform, from July 2017 to January 2021. Dr. Kashani received both his Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering and his
Doctorate in Robotics from the University of British Columbia. Dr. Kashani has served on the Board since the Company’s
formation, and we believe he is qualified to remain on the Board due to the institutional knowledge he brings as Co-Founder and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company and his business and robotics experience. Touraj Parang has served as Serve’s
Chief Operating Officer and as a member of the Board since March 2021, and was appointed President of Serve in July 2022. Prior to joining
Serve, Mr. Parang worked at GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY) from May 2014 to March 2021, where he began as Senior Director of Corporate Development
and most recently served as Vice President of Corporate Development. Mr. Parang received his Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and Economics
from Stanford University and his Juris Doctorate from Yale Law School. We believe that Mr. Parang is qualified to serve on the Serve’s
Board due to his extensive experience with early stage startups and prior leadership role at a publicly traded company. Euan Abraham has served as Serve’s
Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering since January 2022. Prior to joining Serve, Mr. Abraham served as Senior Vice President,
Hardware Engineering at Latch, Inc. (NASDAQ: LTCH) from October 2018 to September 2021. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Hardware
Engineering at GoPro, Inc. (NASDAQ: GPRO) from October 2015 to October 2018. Mr. Abraham received his Bachelor of Engineering at the University
of Sheffield. April Pannell has served as Serve’s
Chief Financial Officer since May 1, 2023. Ms. Pannell has also served as Managing Partner and Director of AKW Financial since January
2019 and previously served as Chief Financial Officer and Global Controller of Fluitec, a company that provides green treatment solutions
for hydraulic fluids, from August 2011 to December 2018. Ms. Pannell holds a Bachelors degree in Accounting from American International
College. 63 Non-Employee Directors James Buckly Jordan has served as
a member of Serve’s Board since October 2021. Mr. Jordan founded Vebu Labs, a food robotics and automation solutions company, in
October 2018 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since then. He is also the co-founder of Miso Robotics, a food robotics company,
which he co-founded in 2016 and for which he currently serves as the acting President and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Jordan
also founded Canyon Creek Capital, a venture capital fund, in July 2018 and has served as its Managing Partner since then. He received
his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Indiana University and his Master of Business Administration from the University of California,
Los Angeles Anderson School of Management. We believe Mr. Jordan is qualified to serve on our Board due to his early-stage investment
experience in technology companies. Sarfraz Maredia has served as
a member of our Board since the Closing of the Merger. Since September 2014, Mr. Maredia has been employed at Uber, most recently as
Vice President for Delivery and Head of Americas at Uber, where he leads the largest segment of Uber Eats’ marketplace
business across the United States, Canada, and Latin America as well as overseeing Postmates. In September 2011, Mr. Maredia joined
IQVIA (formerly IMS Health), a global information and technology services company focused on healthcare, where he was promoted to
and served as Vice President of Corporate Development until September 2014. He previously advised technology clients as a management
consultant at Bain & Company and worked as a private equity and public markets investor at TPG and Dodge & Cox,
respectively. Mr. Maredia received his Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. We believe that
Mr. Maredia’s unique position leading one of the world’s largest on-demand delivery platforms, and his experience in
leadership, operations, finance, and technology qualify him to serve on the Board. Ali Pourdad has served as a member
of our Board since the Closing of the Merger. Since March 2021, Mr. Pourdad has served as Chief Executive Officer of Quantfury Trading
Limited, a global financial technology broker-dealer headquartered in the Bahamas (“Quantfury”). Prior to being named Chief
Executive Officer, Mr. Pourdad was an advisor to Quantfury from September 2019 to March 2021. From January 2013 to September 2019, Mr.
Pourdad served as Chief Executive Officer of Progressa, a consumer financial technology company. Mr. Pourdad is a Canadian Chartered Professional
Accountant and holds a Bachelors degree in Finance from Simon Fraser University. We believe that Mr. Pourdad is qualified to serve on
our Board due to his prior board experience and significant public company audit experience, including for NYSE and TSX listed companies. Olivier Vincent has served as a
member of our Board since the Closing of the Merger. Mr. Vincent co-founded and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Autozen Technology
Ltd., a marketplace start-up in the automobile world since March 2020. Prior to joining Autozen, Mr. Vincent served as Chief Executive
Officer of Spliqs, an AI technology company from January 2019 until March 2020. From December 2016 until January 2019, Mr. Vincent served
as President of WeatherBug, a weather application. Mr. Vincent has served on the board of directors of Wishpond Technologies Ltd., a
Canadian public company traded on the TSX (OTCMKTS: WPNDF), since December 2020. Mr. Vincent holds a Masters of Engineering in Computer
Science from Ecole Nationale Superieure de Techniques Avancées (ENSTA) Paris and a Masters of Business, Entrepreneurship from
Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) Paris. We believe that Mr. Vincent is qualified to serve on our Board due to his experience growing
and managing technology companies. 64 Corporate Governance Appointment of Officers Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve
at the discretion of, our board of directors provided, however, that the board of directors may empower the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company to appoint any officer other than the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Board Composition Our board of directors currently consists of six
members. James Buckly Jordan, Ali Kashani, Sarfraz Maredia, Touraj Parang, Ali Pourdad and Olivier Vincent have been designated to serve
as members of our board of directors. Each of our current directors will continue to
serve until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Classified Board of Directors Our board of directors will consist of six members
and be divided into three classes of directors, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, with staggered three-year terms. At each annual
meeting of stockholders, a class of directors will be elected for a three-year term to succeed the same class whose term is then expiring.
As a result, only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing
for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Our current directors will be divided among the three classes as follows: ● | the Class I directors will be Sarfraz Maredia and Ali Pourdad, and their terms will expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this Merger; ● | the Class II directors will be James Buckly Jordan and Olivier Vincent, and their terms will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this Merger; and ● | The Class III directors will be Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang, and their terms will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this Merger. Each director’s term continues until the
election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws to be in effect upon the completion of this Merger will authorize,
subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, only our board of directors to fill
vacancies on the board of directors. Any increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so
that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. This classification of our board of directors may
have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control of our Company. Director Independence Our securities are not listed on a national securities
exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system that has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent. We evaluate independence
by the standards for director independence set forth in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Under such rules, our board of directors has determined
that all members of the board of directors except Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang are independent directors. In making such independence
determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and
circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our
capital stock by each non-employee director. 65 Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of directors within a specified period of listing. In addition, rules require
that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company’s audit, compensation, and nominating, governance, and corporate
responsibility committees be independent. Under rules, a director will only qualify as an “independent director” if, in the
opinion of that company’s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Audit committee members must also satisfy the
independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3,
a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the
board of directors, or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory
fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries.
We intend to satisfy the audit committee independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 as of the closing of the Merger. Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his
or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review, our board of
directors determined that Messrs. Jordan, Maredia, Pourdad and Vincent are “independent directors” as defined under the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making these determinations, our board of directors
reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal activities
and current and prior relationships as they may relate to us and our management, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock
by each non-employee director and the transactions involving them described in the section titled “ Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions .” Family Relationships There are no family relationships by between or
among the members of the Board or other executive officers of the Company. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has an audit committee,
a compensation committee, and a nominating and governance committee, each of which, pursuant to its respective charter, will have the
composition and responsibilities described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined
by our board of directors. Audit Committee Our audit committee is composed of Messrs. Jordan,
Pourdad and Vincent. Mr. Pourdad is the chair of our audit committee. Each member of our audit committee is financially literate. Our
board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq director independence
standards and applicable rules of the SEC for audit committee members. Our board of directors has also determined that Mr. Pourdad qualifies
as an “audit committee financial expert” under the rules of the SEC. The primary purpose of our audit committee is
to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors with respect to our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes,
systems of internal control and financial statement audits and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm. The principal
functions of our audit committee include, among other things: ● | helping the board of directors oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes; ● | managing the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence, and performance of a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; ● | reviewing and discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 66 ● | obtaining and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually that describes our internal quality control procedures, any material issues with such procedures and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law; ● | establishing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; ● | overseeing our policies on risk assessment and risk management; ● | overseeing compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics; ● | reviewing related person transactions; and ● | approving or, as required, pre-approving audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. Compensation Committee Our compensation committee is composed of Messrs.
Jordan and Vincent. Mr. Vincent is the chair of our compensation committee. The primary purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge
the responsibilities of the board of directors in overseeing our compensation policies, plans and programs and to review and determine
the compensation to be paid to our executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate. The principal functions
of our compensation committee include, among other things: ● | reviewing, approving and determining, or making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, the compensation of our chief executive officer, other executive officers and senior management; ● | reviewing, evaluating and recommending to the board of directors succession plans for our executive officers; ● | reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the compensation paid to our non-employee directors; ● | administering our equity incentive plans and other benefit programs; ● | reviewing, adopting, amending and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management; and ● | reviewing and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees, including our overall compensation philosophy. Each member of our compensation committee is a
non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our board of directors has also determined that each member of our
compensation committee is also an independent director within the meanings of Nasdaq’s director independence standards and applicable
SEC rules. 67 Nominating and Governance Committee Our nominating and governance committee is composed
of Ali Pourdad who also serves as the chair of our nominating and governance committee. Our nominating and governance committee’s
principal functions include, among other things: ● | identifying and evaluating candidates, including the nomination of incumbent directors for reelection and nominees recommended by stockholders, to serve on the board of directors; ● | considering and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding the composition and chairmanship of the committees of the board of directors; ● | instituting plans or programs for the continuing education of the board of directors and the orientation of new directors; ● | developing and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters; ● | overseeing our corporate governance practices; ● | overseeing periodic evaluations of the board of directors’ performance, including committees of the board of directors; and ● | contributing to succession planning. Our nominating and governance committee does not
currently satisfy the listing standards of Nasdaq, and therefore we are ineligible to be listed on the exchange until we satisfy these
requirements. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation None of the members of the compensation committee
is currently, or has been at any time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers has served as a member of the
board of directors, or as a member of the compensation or similar committee, of any entity that has one or more executive officers who
served on our board during fiscal 2022. Our board of directors did not have a compensation committee prior to the Effective Time. 68 compensation
of directors and executive officers Information with respect to the Company’s
directors and executive officers after the closing of the Merger is described in the section titled “ Management ” beginning
on page 63. Non-Employee Director Compensation Currently, the Company does not have a policy
or program for the compensation of its non-employee directors. The Board intends to adopt an outside director compensation policy, which
will set forth the terms upon which non-employee directors will be compensated for their service on the Board consistent with market-standard
practices. Executive Compensation Throughout this section, unless otherwise
noted, “we,” “us,” “our,” “Company” and similar terms refer to Serve prior to the closing
of the Merger, and to the Company and its subsidiaries after the closing of the Merger. This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for the Company’s named executive officers who appear in the “2022 Summary Compensation
Table” below. In 2022, the “named executive officers” and their positions with the Company were as follows: ● | Ali Kashani: Chief Executive Officer ● | Touraj Parang: President & Chief Operating Officer ● | Euan Abraham: Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering This discussion may contain
forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation
programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. 2022 Summary Compensation
Table The following table sets
forth information concerning the compensation of the named executive officers for the Company’s most recent fiscal year. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) (1) | Option Awards ($) (1) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Ali Kashani | 2022 | $ | 192,991 | — | — | — | — | — | $ | 192,991
Chief Executive Officer
Touraj Parang | 2022 | $ | 260,583 | — | — | — | — | — | $ | 260,583
President & Chief Operating Officer
Euan Abraham | 2022 | $ | 295,000 | — | — | — | — | — | $ | 295,000
Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering (1) | Stock awards and option awards are reported at aggregate grant date fair value in the year granted, as determined in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718. For the assumptions used in valuing these awards for purposes of computing this expense for 2022, please see Note 9 of the Company’s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Salaries In fiscal year 2022,
Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang, and Mr. Abraham received an annual base salary of $192,991, $260,583, and $295,000, respectively, to compensate
them for services rendered to Serve. The base salary payable to each of Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang, and Mr. Abraham was intended
to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive’s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. 69 Equity Awards On April 27, 2021, Dr. Kashani
purchased 1,866,667 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1,866.67 (the “Kashani Time-Based Award”).
On May 6, 2021, Mr. Parang purchased 666,040 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $666.04 (the “Parang
Time-Based Award”). On December 23, 2021, Mr. Abraham was granted an option to purchase 250,000 shares of Serve common stock (the
“Abraham Time-Based Award” and together with the Kashani Time-Based Award and the Parang Time-Based Award, the “Time-Based
Awards”). The Kashani Time-Based Award, the Parang Time-Based Award, and the Abraham Time-Based Award are each scheduled to vest
as to 25% of the shares on February 18, 2022, March 22, 2022, and November 1, 2022, respectively, and as to 1/48 th of the shares
monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. On April 27, 2021, Dr. Kashani
purchased 933,333 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $933.34 (the “Kashani Milestone-Based Award”).
On May 6, 2021, Mr. Parang purchased 333,020 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $333.02 (the “Parang
Milestone-Based Award”). On December 23, 2021, Mr. Abraham was granted an option to purchase 125,000 shares of Serve common stock
(the “Abraham Milestone-Based Award” and together with the Kashani Milestone-Based Award and the Parang Milestone-Based Award,
the “Milestone-Based Awards”). The Milestone-Based Awards
are each scheduled to vest as to 1/48 th of the shares monthly over the 48 month-period following the achievement of a milestone
prior to September 30, 2022. Between October and November 2022, the Board retroactively amended the vesting schedule to permit the 48-month
vesting period to run from June 15, 2022, regardless of milestone achievement. Serve 2021 Stock Plan General. Serve’s
board of directors originally adopted, and Serve’s stockholders approved, the Serve Robotics Inc. 2021 Stock Plan (the “2021
Stock Plan”) in 2021. The 2021 Stock Plan provided for the grant of incentive stock options to Serve employees (and employees of
any parent or subsidiary of Serve) and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock purchase
rights to Serve employees, directors and consultants (and employees and consultants of any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Serve).
The Serve board of directors terminated the 2021 Stock Plan, effective as of and contingent upon the closing of the Merger. Following
termination of the 2021 Stock Plan, no new awards will be granted under such plan, but previously granted awards will continue to be subject
to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Stock Plan and the stock award agreements pursuant to which such awards were granted. Plan Administration. The
Serve board of directors has administered the 2021 Stock Plan. Types of Awards. The
2021 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and restricted
stock purchase rights. Stock Options. The
Serve board of directors granted stock options under the 2021 Stock Plan. The exercise price per share applicable to such options was
equal to at least the fair market value per share of Serve common stock on the date of grant. The term of options granted under the 2021
Stock Plan did not exceed 10 years; provided, however, that any incentive stock option granted to a participant who owned more than
10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of Serve stock, or of certain of Serve’s subsidiary corporations, did not
have a term in excess of five years and had an exercise price per share of at least 110% of the fair market value per share of Serve common
stock on the grant date. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Stock Plan, the Serve board of directors determined the remaining terms
of the options (e.g., vesting). After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, the participant may exercise
his or her option, to the extent vested, for the period of time stated in his or her option agreement. Generally, if termination is due
to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases except for a termination for cause, the option
will generally remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service. In the event of a termination for cause, the
option will immediately terminate. However, in no event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term. 70 Restricted Stock. The Serve board of directors granted stock options under the 2021 Stock Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Stock Plan, the
Serve board of directors determined the terms of the restricted stock, including the number of shares that the participant will be entitled
to purchase, the price to be paid, if any, the time within which such participant must accept the offer to purchase the restricted stock,
and the other terms applicable to the award. Unless the Serve board of directors determines otherwise, the restricted stock purchase agreement
evidencing the award grants Serve a repurchase option exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the participant’s
service for any reason at a purchase price equal the original purchase price paid by the participant. The Serve board of directors determines
the rate at which the repurchase option lapses. Once the restricted stock is purchased by the participant, the participant will have the
rights equivalent to those of a holder of Serve capital stock, and shall be a record holder when his or her purchase and the issuance
of the shares is entered upon the records of the duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. Non-transferability of
Awards. Unless the Serve board of directors provided otherwise, the 2021 Stock Plan generally did not allow for the transfer
of awards or shares acquired pursuant to an award and only the recipient of an option may exercise such an award during his or her lifetime. Certain Adjustments. In
the event of certain corporate events or changes in Serve’s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits
or potential benefits available under the 2021 Stock Plan, the Serve board of directors will make adjustments to the number of shares
reserved for issuance under the 2021 Stock Plan, the exercise prices of and number of shares subject to each outstanding stock option
and the purchase prices of and number of shares subject to each other outstanding stock award. Corporate Transaction. The
2021 Stock Plan provides that in the event of certain significant corporate transactions, including: (i) a transfer of all or substantially
all of Serve’s assets, (ii) a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization or business combination transaction of
Serve with or into another corporation, entity or person, or (iii) the consummation of a transaction, or series of related transactions,
in which any person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of Serve’s then outstanding capital stock,
each outstanding award will be treated as the Serve board of directors determines. Amendment or Termination. Serve’s
board of directors may amend or terminate the 2021 Stock Plan at any time, provided such action does not materially and adversely affect
the rights of any participant without his or her consent. In addition, stockholder approval must be obtained to the extent necessary and
desirable to comply with applicable laws. The Serve board of directors terminated the 2021 Stock Plan, effective as of and contingent
upon the closing of the Merger. Following termination of the 2021 Stock Plan, no new awards will be granted under such plan, but previously
granted awards will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Stock Plan and the stock award agreements pursuant
to which such awards were granted. Benefits In 2022, the Company
provided benefits to its named executive officers on the same basis as provided to all of its employees, including medical, dental, vision,
life and AD&D, and short- and long-term disability insurance, flexible spending accounts, vacation and paid holidays. The named executive
officers are also eligible to participate in the Company’s 401(k) plan. 71 Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table sets
forth information regarding each unexercised stock option or unvested stock award held by each named executive officer as of December 31,
2022. Option awards (1) | Stock awards (2)
Name | Grant Date | Number of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable (#) | Number of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable (#) | Option exercise price ($) (3) | Option expiration date ($) | Number of shares that have not vested (#) | Market value of shares that have not vested ($) (4)
Ali Kashani | 4/27/2021 | — | — | — | — | 812,428 | (5) | $ | 404,445
4/27/2021 | — | — | — | — | 656,191 | (6) | $ | 326,667
Touraj Parang | 5/6/2021 | — | — | — | — | 301,029 | (7) | $ | 149,859
5/6/2021 | — | — | — | — | 234,134 | (6) | $ | 116,557
Euan Abraham | 12/23/2021 (8) | 54,403 | 146,471 | $ | 0.31 | 12/22/2031 | — | —
12/23/2021 (9) | 12,554 | 87,882 | $ | 0.31 | 12/22/2031 | — | — (1) | All stock options listed above cover shares of our common stock following the closing of the Merger and were granted under the 2021 Stock Plan.
(2) | All restricted shares listed above cover shares of our common stock following the closing of the Merger. The restricted shares held by Mr. Parang were issued pursuant to the 2021 Stock Plan, while the restricted shares held by Dr. Kashani were issued outside of the 2021 Stock Plan.
(3) | This column represents the fair market value of a share of Serve common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Serve board of directors.
(4) | This column represents the number of unvested restricted shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by $0.40, which is the per share value of Serve common stock as of December 31, 2022, divided by the exchange ratio of 0.8035.
(5) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the shares vesting on February 18, 2022 and 1/48 th of the shares vesting monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date.
(6) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule running from the date the Board retroactively determined that vesting should run regardless of Milestone achievement, with 1/48 th of the shares vesting on July 15, 2022 and monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date.
(7) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the shares vesting on March 22, 2022 and 1/48 th of the shares vesting monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date.
(8) | The options are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the option shares vesting on November 1, 2022 and 1/48 th of the option shares vesting monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date.
(9) | The options are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule running from the date the Board retroactively determined that vesting should run regardless of Milestone achievement, with 1/48 th of the option shares vesting on July 15, 2022 and monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. Executive Compensation Arrangements Touraj Parang Offer
Letter On March 1, 2021, Serve
entered into an offer letter with the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer, Touraj Parang, pursuant to which Mr. Parang
is entitled to an annual base salary of $250,000 per year. Mr. Parang is eligible
to participate in the Company employee benefits plans maintained by the Company and generally made available to similarly situated employees.
Mr. Parang’s employment is “at-will” and may be terminated by either party at any time. Mr. Parang will continue
to be employed by the Company under the terms of his offer letter with the Company. For additional information
regarding a termination payment letter entered into with Mr. Parang in fiscal year 2021, please see the section below titled “ Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Parang Termination Payment Letter ” in this Current Report on Form
8-K. 72 Euan Abraham Offer
Letter On October 7, 2021, Serve
entered into an offer letter whereby Euan Abraham agreed to serve as the Company’s Senior Vice President, Hardware & Engineering
beginning January 1, 2022 pursuant to which Mr. Abraham is entitled to an annual base salary of $300,000 per year. In November 2022, Mr.
Abraham’s annual base salary was adjusted to $240,000 per year. Mr. Abraham is eligible
to participate in the Company employee benefits plans maintained by the Company and generally made available to similarly situated employees.
Mr. Abraham’s employment is “at-will” and may be terminated by either party at any time. Mr. Abraham will continue
to be employed by the Company under the terms of his offer letter with the Company. Potential Payments
Upon Termination or Change in Control Time-Based Awards
and Milestone-Based Awards The Time-Based Awards
and Milestone-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang will fully vest upon a termination of service by the Company without
“cause” or upon the executive’s resignation for “good reason” (each, an “involuntary termination”).
The acceleration of the Kashani Time-Based Award and the Kashani Milestone-Based Award is subject to Dr. Kashani’s return of all
Company property in his possession within 10 business days following the date of involuntary termination and his execution of a general
release of all claims that becomes effective no later than the 30th day after the date of involuntary termination. In the event the applicable
executive’s service with the Company terminates for any reason, any unvested shares subject to the Time-Based Awards and Milestone-Based
Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang may be repurchased by the Company within 3 months following the date of termination at the
original purchase price paid for the shares. In addition, in the event the applicable executive’s service with the Company terminates
for any reason on or prior to February 18, 2025, any vested shares subject to the Milestone-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr.
Parang may be repurchased by the Company within 3 months following the date of termination at the lesser of (x) a purchase price per share
of the Company’s common stock equal to $500 million divided by the then fully diluted capitalization of the Company or (y) the then
current fair market value per share of the Company’s common stock (the “Award Call Option”). For purposes of the Time-Based
Awards and the Milestone-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang, “cause” means: (i) any material breach by the
executive of any material written agreement between the executive and the Company and the executive’s failure to cure such breach
within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof; (ii) any failure by the executive to comply with the Company’s material written
policies or rules as they may be in effect from time to time; (iii) neglect or persistent unsatisfactory performance of the executive’s
duties and the executive’s failure to cure such condition within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof; (iv) the executive’s
repeated failure to follow reasonable and lawful instructions from the Company’s board of directors and the executive’s failure
to cure such condition within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof; (v) the executive’s conviction of, or plea of guilty
or nolo contendere to, any crime that results in, or is reasonably expected to result in, material harm to the business or reputation
of the Company; (vi) the executive’s commission of or participation in an act of fraud against the Company; (vii) the executive’s
intentional material damage to the Company’s business, property or reputation; or (viii) the executive’s unauthorized use
or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom the executive owes an obligation
of nondisclosure as a result of the executive’s relationship with the Company. For purposes of the Kashani
Time-Based Award and the Kashani Milestone-Based Award, “good reason” means the executive’s resignation due to the occurrence
of any of the following conditions which occurs without the executive’s written consent, provided that the requirements regarding
advance notice and an opportunity to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) the executive’s then-current base salary is reduced
by more than 10% (other than as part of an across-the-board salary reduction applicable to all similarly situated employees); (ii) a material
reduction of the executive’s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship, relative to the executive’s duties,
authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; or (iii) the Company (or its successor)
conditions the executive’s continued service on the executive being transferred to a site of employment that would increase the
executive’s one-way commute by more than 50 miles from the executive’s then-principal residence. In order for the executive
to resign for good reason, the executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of the good reason condition within
30 days of the initial existence of such condition. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will have 30 days during which it may remedy
the condition and not be required to provide for the acceleration described herein as a result of such proposed resignation. If the condition
is not remedied within such 30-day period, the executive may resign based on the condition specified in the notice effective no later
than 60 days following the expiration of the Company’s 30-day cure period. 73 For purposes of the Parang
Time-Based Award and the Parang Milestone-Based Award, “good reason” means the executive’s resignation due to the occurrence
of any of the following conditions which occurs without the executive’s written consent, provided that the requirements regarding
advance notice and an opportunity to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) a reduction of the executive’s then current base salary
by 10% or more unless such reduction is part of a generalized salary reduction affecting similarly situated employees; (ii) a change in
the executive’s position with the Company that materially reduces the executive’s duties, level of authority or responsibility;
or (iii) the Company conditions the executive’s continued service with the Company on the executive’s being transferred to
a site of employment that would increase the executive’s one-way commute by more than 35 miles from Purchaser’s then principal
residence. Parang Termination
Payment Letter On June 23, 2021, Serve
entered into a termination payment letter agreement with Mr. Parang (the “Termination Payment Letter”), which provides that
if (i) the Company terminates Mr. Parang’s service with the Company without cause on or prior to February 18, 2025 and (ii) the
Company exercises its Award Call Option with respect to all or a portion of the Parang Milestone-Based Award, then the Company will pay
Mr. Parang a termination payment equal to the product of (i) the shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Award Call Option,
multiplied by (ii) the excess, if any, of (x) the purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock equal to $500 million divided
by the Company’s then fully diluted capitalization as of the date of termination over (y) the per share fair market value of the
Company’s common stock as of the date of termination. The termination payment will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly
scheduled payroll date after the 30 th day following the date of termination. The termination payment is subject to Mr. Parang’s
return of all Company property in his possession within 10 business days following the date of involuntary termination and his execution
of a general release of all claims that becomes effective no later than the 30th day after the date of termination. Kashani Termination
Payment Letter On September 27,
2021, Serve entered into a termination payment letter agreement with Dr. Kashani (the “Termination Payment Letter”), which
provides that if (i) the Company terminates Dr. Kashani’s service with the Company without cause on or prior to February 18, 2025
and (ii) the Company exercises its Award Call Option with respect to all or a portion of the Kashani Milestone-Based Award, then the Company
will pay Dr. Kashani a termination payment equal to the product of (i) the shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Award Call
Option, multiplied by (ii) the excess, if any, of (x) the purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock equal to $500 million
divided by the Company’s then fully diluted capitalization as of the date of termination over (y) the per share fair market value
of the Company’s common stock as of the date of termination. The termination payment will be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly
scheduled payroll date after the 30 th day following the date of termination. The termination payment is subject to Dr. Kashani’s
return of all Company property in his possession within 10 business days following the date of involuntary termination and his execution
of a general release of all claims that becomes effective no later than the 30th day after the date of termination. Description of the
2023 Equity Incentive Plan Set forth below is a
summary of the material features of the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan is set forth in its entirety as an Exhibit to this Current Report on
Form 8-K, and all descriptions of the 2023 Plan contained in this section are qualified by reference to the complete text of the 2023
Plan. 74 Purpose The 2023 Plan is intended
to (i) attract and retain the best available personnel to ensure our success and accomplish our goals, (ii) incentivize employees, directors
and independent contractors with long-term equity-based compensation to align their interests with our stockholders, and (iii) promote
the success of our business. Types of Stock Awards The 2023 Plan permits
the grant of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, restricted
stock units (“RSUs”) and stock bonus awards (all such types of awards, collectively, “stock awards”). Share Reserve Number
of Shares Subject to adjustments
as set forth in the 2023 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2023 Plan will not
exceed 4,727,194 shares. The shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired common stock. Furthermore, subject to adjustments as
set forth in the 2023 Plan, in no event shall the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2023 Plan pursuant to
Incentive Stock Options exceed the number set forth above plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, any shares that again become available for issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. The number of
shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan may, at the discretion of the Plan Administrator (as defined below), be increased on October 1st of
each fiscal year beginning with the 2023 fiscal year until the 2023 Plan terminates, in each case, in an amount equal to the lesser
of (i) at the discretion of our board of directors, 4% of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the last day of the
immediately preceding month on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis and (ii) such other number of shares determined by our
board of directors. Lapsed
Awards To the extent, stock
awards or awards or shares issued under the 2021 Plan that are assumed by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement (“Existing
Plan Awards”) expire or are forfeited or becomes unexercisable for any reason without having been exercised in full, or are surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program (as defined in the 2023 Plan), the unissued shares that were subject thereto shall continue to be available
under the 2023 Plan for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. In addition, any shares which are retained by us upon exercise of a
stock award or Existing Plan Award in order to satisfy the exercise or purchase price for such stock award or Existing Plan Award or any
withholding taxes due with respect to such stock award or Existing Plan Award shall be treated as not issued and shall continue to be
available under the 2023 Plan for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. Shares issued under the 2023 Plan or an Existing Plan Award
and later forfeited to us due to the failure to vest or repurchased by us at the original purchase price paid to us for the shares (including
without limitation upon forfeiture to or repurchase by us in connection with a participant ceasing to be a service provider) shall again
be available for future grant under the 2023 Plan. To the extent a stock award under the 2023 Plan or Existing Plan Award is paid out
in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan. Assumption
or Substitution of Awards The Plan
Administrator (as defined below), from time to time, may determine to substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another
company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either: (a) assuming such award under
the 2023 Plan or (b) granting a stock award under the 2023 Plan in substitution of such other company’s award. Such
assumption or substitution will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be
granted a stock award under the 2023 Plan if the other company had applied the rules of the 2023 Plan to such grant. In the event
the Plan Administrator elects to assume an award granted by another company, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the
Code (“Section 409A”), the purchase price or the exercise price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise or
settlement of any such stock award will be adjusted appropriately. In the event the Plan Administrator elects to grant a new option
in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new option may be granted with a similarly adjusted exercise price.
Any awards that are assumed or substituted under the 2023 Plan shall not reduce the number of shares authorized for grant under the
2023 Plan or authorized for grant to a participant in any fiscal year. 75 Eligibility Employees, directors
and independent contractors of us or our affiliates are all eligible to participate in the 2023 Plan. Incentive Stock Options may only
be granted to employees. Following the Closing, the Company is expected to have approximately 62 employees in the United States and nine
employees in Canada through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, seven consultants and three non-employee directors who will be eligible
to be granted stock awards under the 2023 Plan. Administration The 2023 Plan will be
administered by our board of directors or a committee thereof, which committee will be constituted to satisfy applicable laws (the “Plan
Administrator”). To the extent desirable to qualify transactions under the 2023 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), the transactions contemplated un the 2023 Plan will be structured to
satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the terms
of the 2023 Plan, the Plan Administrator has the authority, in its discretion, to (i) determine the fair market value in accordance with
the 2023 Plan; (ii) select the service providers to whom stock awards may be granted under the 2023 Plan; (iii) determine the number of
shares to be covered by each stock award granted under the 2023 Plan; (iv) approve forms of stock award agreements for use under the 2023
Plan; (v) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the 2023 Plan, of any stock award granted thereunder;
(vi) institute and determine the terms and conditions of an exchange program under the terms of the 2023 Plan (subject to stockholder
approval); (vii) construe and interpret the terms of the 2023 Plan and stock awards granted pursuant to the 2023 Plan; (viii) correct
any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the 2023 Plan, any stock award or any award agreement; (ix) prescribe,
amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 2023 Plan; (x) modify or amend each stock award (subject to the terms of the 2023
Plan); (xi) adjust performance goals to take into account changes in applicable laws or in accounting or tax rules, or such other extraordinary,
unforeseeable, nonrecurring or infrequently occurring events or circumstances as the Plan Administrator deems necessary or appropriate
to avoid windfalls or hardships; (xii) allow participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in such manner as prescribed in the 2023
Plan; (xiii) authorize any person to execute on our behalf any instrument required to effect the grant of a stock award previously granted
by the Plan Administrator; (xiv) allow a participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under a stock award; and (xv) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering
the 2023 Plan. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all
or any part of its authority and powers under the 2023 Plan to one or more of our directors or officers. To the extent permitted by applicable
laws, the Plan Administrator may delegate to one or more officers who may be (but are not required to be) insiders subject to Section
16 of the Exchange Act, the authority to do any of the following (i) designate employees who are not insiders to be recipients of stock
awards, (ii) determine the number of shares to be subject to such stock awards granted to such designated employees, and (iii) take any
and all actions on behalf of the Plan Administrator other than any actions that affect the amount or form of compensation of Insiders
or have material tax, accounting, financial, human resource or legal consequences to us or our affiliates; provided, however, that the
Plan Administrator resolutions regarding any delegation with respect to (i) and (ii) will specify the total number of shares that may
be subject to the stock awards granted by such officer and that such officer may not grant a stock award to himself or herself. Any stock
awards will be granted on the form of award agreement most recently approved for use by the Plan Administrator, unless otherwise provided
in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Plan Administrator
will, in its sole discretion, determine the performance goals, if any, applicable to any stock award (including any adjustment(s) thereto
that will be applied in determining the achievement of such performance goals) on or prior to the Determination Date (as defined in the
2023 Plan). The performance goals may differ from participant to participant and from stock award to stock award. The Plan Administrator
shall determine and approve the extent to which such performance goals have been timely achieved and the extent to which the shares subject
to such stock award have thereby been earned. Please refer to the discussion below under “— Performance Goals ”
for more information. 76 Stock awards granted
to participants who are insiders subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more “non-employee directors”
of the Board (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). Stock Options Each stock option will
be designated in the stock award agreement as either an incentive stock option (which is entitled to potentially favorable tax treatment)
or a nonstatutory stock option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate fair market value of the shares
with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by the participant during any calendar year exceeds $100,000,
such stock options will be treated as nonstatutory stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. The term of each stock
option will be stated in the stock award agreement. In the case of an incentive stock option, the term will be ten years from the date
of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the stock award agreement. Moreover, in the case of an incentive stock option granted
to a participant who owns stock representing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock or the stock
of any subsidiary, the term of the incentive stock option will be five years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided
in the stock award agreement. The per share exercise
price for the shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a stock option will be determined by the Plan Administrator, subject to the
following: in the case of an incentive stock option (i) granted to an employee who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted,
owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of our stock or the stock of any subsidiary, the per share exercise
price will be no less than 110% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant; and (ii) granted to any other employee, the per
share exercise price will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. In the case of a nonstatutory
stock option, the per share exercise price will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, stock options may be granted with a per share exercise price of less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the
date of grant pursuant to a corporate reorganization, liquidation, etc., described in Section 424(a) of the Code. At the time a stock option
is granted, the Plan Administrator will fix the period within which the stock option may be exercised and will determine any conditions
that must be satisfied before the stock option may be exercised. A stock option may become exercisable upon completion of a specified
period of service with us or one of our affiliates and/or based on the achievement of performance goals during a performance period as
set out in advance in the participant’s award agreement. If a stock option is exercisable based on the satisfaction of performance
goals, then the Plan Administrator will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for such stock
option; (y) select the performance goals to be used to measure the performance; and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions,
if any, should apply. Please refer to the discussion below under “ —Performance Goals ” for more information. The
Plan Administrator will also determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising a stock option, including the method of payment. If a participant ceases
to be a service provider other than for “Cause” (as defined in the 2023 Plan), the participant may exercise his or her stock
option within such period of time as is specified in the stock award agreement to the extent that the stock option is vested on the date
of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such stock option). In the absence of a specified time in the
stock award agreement, to the extent vested as of a participant’s termination, the stock option will remain exercisable for 12 months
following a termination for death or disability, and 3 months following a termination for any other reason. Any outstanding stock option
(including any vested portion thereof) held by a participant shall immediately terminate in its entirety upon the participant being first
notified of his or her termination for Cause. 77 Stock Appreciation
Rights (SARs) The Plan Administrator
will determine the terms and conditions of each SAR, provided that the exercise price for each SAR will be no less than 100% of the fair
market value of the underlying shares of common stock on the date of grant. An SAR may become exercisable upon completion of a specified
period of service with us or one of our affiliates and/or based on the achievement of performance goals during a performance period as
set out in advance in the participant’s award agreement. If an SAR is exercisable based on the satisfaction of performance goals,
then the Plan Administrator will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for such SAR; (y) select
the performance goals to be used to measure the performance; and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions, if any, should
apply. Please refer to the discussion below under “— Performance Goals ” for more information. Upon exercise of
an SAR, a participant will receive payment from us in an amount determined by multiplying the difference between the fair market value
of a share on the date of exercise over the exercise price by the number of shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. SARs may
be paid in cash or shares of common stock, as determined by the Plan Administrator. SARs are exercisable at the times and on the terms
established by the Plan Administrator. Restricted Stock and
RSUs Restricted stock awards
are grants of shares of common stock that are subject to various restrictions, including restrictions on transferability and forfeiture
provisions. Shares of restricted stock will vest and the restrictions on such shares will lapse in accordance with terms and conditions
established by the Plan Administrator. Each RSU is a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share
of common stock. Restrictions may lapse upon the completion of a specified period of service with us or one of our affiliates and/or based
on the achievement of performance goals during a performance period as set out in advance in the participant’s award agreement.
If the unvested shares of restricted stock or RSUs are being earned upon the satisfaction of performance goals, then the Plan Administrator
will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for each unvested share or RSU; (y) select
the performance goals to be used to measure the performance; and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions, if any, should
apply. In determining whether
restricted stock or RSUs should be granted, and/or the vesting schedule for such a stock award, the Plan Administrator may impose whatever
conditions on vesting as it determines to be appropriate. For example, the Plan Administrator may determine to grant restricted stock
or RSUs only if performance goals established by the Plan Administrator are satisfied. Any performance goals may be applied on a Company-wide
or an individual business unit basis, as determined by the Plan Administrator. Please refer to the discussion below under “— Performance
Goals ” for more information. During the period of
restriction, participants holding restricted stock may exercise full voting rights and will be entitled to receive all dividends and other
distributions paid, in each case with respect to such shares unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise. If any such dividends
or distributions are paid in shares, the shares will be subject to the same restrictions, including without limitation restrictions on
transferability and forfeitability, as the restricted stock with respect to which they were paid. During the period of restriction, such
dividends or other distributions shall be subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture as the shares of restricted stock with
respect to which the dividends accrue and shall not be paid or distributed unless and until such related shares have vested and been earned. During the vesting period,
participants holding RSUs will hold no voting rights by virtue of such RSUs. The Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, award
dividend equivalents in connection with the grant of RSUs that may be settled in cash, in shares of equivalent value, or in some combination
thereof. Stock Bonus Awards A stock bonus award is
an award of shares to an eligible person without a purchase price that is not subject to any restrictions. All stock bonus awards may
but are not required to be made pursuant to an award agreement. The Plan Administrator will determine the number of shares to be awarded
to the participant under a stock bonus award. Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole shares, or a combination thereof, based on
the fair market value of the shares subject to the stock bonus award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the
Administrator. 78 Performance Goals The Plan Administrator
in its discretion may make performance goals applicable to a participant with respect to a stock award. In the Plan Administrator’s
discretion, one or more of the following performance goals may apply: (1) sales or non-sales revenue; (2) return on revenues; (3) operating
income; (4) income or earnings including operating income; (5) income or earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or
amortization; (6) income or earnings from continuing operations; (7) net income; (8) pre-tax income or after-tax income; (9) net income
excluding amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and/or excluding charges attributable
to the adoption of new accounting pronouncements; (10) raising of financing or fundraising; (11) project financing; (12) revenue backlog;
(13) gross margin; (14) operating margin or profit margin; (15) capital expenditures, cost targets, reductions and savings and expense
management; (16) return on assets, return on investment, return on capital, or return on stockholder equity; (17) cash flow, free cash
flow, cash flow return on investment, net cash provided by operations, or cash flow in excess of cost of capital; (18) performance warranty
and/or guarantee claims; (19) stock price or total stockholder return; (20) earnings or book value per share; (21) economic value created;
(22) pre-tax profit or after-tax profit; (23) strategic business criteria; (24) objective goals relating to divestitures, joint ventures,
mergers, acquisitions and similar transactions; (25) objective goals relating to staff management, results from staff attitude and/or
opinion surveys, staff satisfaction scores, staff safety, staff accident and/or injury rates, compliance, headcount, performance management,
completion of critical staff training initiatives; (26) objective goals relating to projects; and (27) enterprise resource planning. Stock
awards issued to participants may take into account other criteria (including subjective criteria). Outside Director Limitations Stock awards granted
during a single fiscal year under the 2023 Plan or otherwise, taken together with any cash fees paid during such fiscal year for services
on the board of directors, shall not exceed $500 thousand in total value for any non-employee director (“Outside Director”)
(calculating the value of any such stock awards, in each case, based on the grant date fair value of such stock awards for financial reporting
purposes). Such applicable limit shall include the value of any stock awards that are received in lieu of all or a portion of any annual
committee cash retainers or other similar cash based payments. Stock awards granted to an individual while he or she was serving in the
capacity as an employee or while he or she was an independent contractor but not an Outside Director will not count for purposes of these
limitations. Leaves of Absence
/ Transfer Between Locations The Plan Administrator
has the discretion to determine at any time whether and to what extent the vesting of stock awards shall be suspended during any leave
of absence; provided that in the absence of such determination, vesting of stock awards will continue during any paid leave and will be
suspended during any unpaid leave (unless otherwise required by applicable laws). A participant will not cease to be an employee in the
case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the participant’s employer or (ii) transfers between our locations or between
us and any subsidiary. If an employee holds an incentive stock option and such leave exceeds 3 months then, for purposes of incentive
stock option status only, such employee’s service as an employee shall be deemed terminated on the first day following such 3 month
period and the incentive stock option shall thereafter automatically be treated for tax purposes as a nonstatutory stock option in accordance
with applicable laws, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise
pursuant to a written Company policy. Change in Time Commitment In the event a participant’s
regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for us or one of our affiliates is reduced (for example, and
without limitation, if the participant is an employee and the employee has a change in status from full-time to part-time or takes an
extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any stock award, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may (x) make
a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such stock award that is scheduled to vest
or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend
the vesting schedule applicable to such stock award (in accordance with Section 409A, as applicable). In the event of
any such reduction, the participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the stock award that is so amended. Nontransferability
of Stock Awards Unless determined otherwise
by the Plan Administrator, a stock award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other
than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the participant, only by the participant.
If the Plan Administrator makes a stock award transferable, such stock award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the
Plan Administrator deems appropriate; provided, however, that in no event may any stock award be transferred for consideration to a third-party
financial institution. 79 Recoupment Policy The Plan Administrator
may specify in an award agreement that the participant’s rights, payments, and/or benefits with respect to a stock award will be
subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, and/or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any
applicable vesting, performance or other conditions and restrictions of a stock award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary
under the 2023 Plan, a stock award granted under the 2023 Plan shall be subject to the Company’s clawback policy as may be established
and/or amended from time to time (the “Compensation Recovery Policy”). The Plan Administrator may require a participant to
forfeit or return to and/or reimburse us for all or a portion of the stock award and/or shares issued under the stock award, any amounts
paid under the stock award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the shares issued under the stock award,
pursuant to the terms of such company policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws. For the avoidance of doubt,
each participant will be subject to compliance with applicable laws, the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and the
Company’s corporate policies, as applicable, including without limitation the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, (i) compliance with applicable law, the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and the
Company’s corporate policies, as applicable, will be a pre-condition to earning, or vesting in respect of, any award under the 2023
Plan and (ii) any awards under the 2023 Plan which are subject to the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy will not be earned
or vested, even if already granted, paid or settled, until the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy ceases to apply to such awards
and any other vesting conditions applicable to such awards are satisfied. Adjustment In the event of a stock
split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares, subdivision
of the shares, a rights offering, a reorganization, merger, spin-off, split-up, repurchase, or exchange of common stock or other securities
of us or other significant corporate transaction, or other change affecting common stock occurs, the Plan Administrator, in order to prevent
dilution, diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the 2023 Plan, will, in
such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust the number, kind and class of securities that may be delivered under the 2023 Plan and/or
the number, class, kind and price of securities covered by each outstanding stock award; provided that all such adjustment will be made
in a manner that does not result in taxation under Section 409A. Corporate Transaction In the event of (i) a
transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization or business combination
transaction of us with or into another corporation, entity or person, (iii) the consummation of a transaction, or series of related transactions,
in which any person becomes the beneficial owner directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of our then outstanding capital stock or (iv)
a Change in Control (as defined in 2023 Plan), each outstanding stock award (vested or unvested) will be treated as the Plan Administrator
determines, which determination may provide for one or more of the following: (a) the continuation of such outstanding stock awards (if
we are the surviving corporation); (b) the assumption of such outstanding stock awards by the surviving corporation or its parent; (c)
the substitution by the surviving corporation or its parent of new stock options or other equity awards for such stock awards; (d) the
cancellation of such stock awards in exchange for a payment to the participants equal to the excess of (1) the fair market value of the
shares subject to such stock awards as of the closing date of such corporate transaction over (2) the exercise price or purchase price
paid or to be paid (if any) for the shares subject to the stock awards (which payment may be subject to the same conditions that apply
to the consideration that will be paid to holders of shares in connection with the transaction, subject to applicable law); (e) the full
or partial acceleration of exercisability or vesting and accelerated expiration of an outstanding stock award and lapse of our right to
repurchase or re-acquire shares acquired under a stock award or lapse of forfeiture rights with respect to shares acquired under a stock
award; (e) the opportunity for participants to exercise the stock options prior to the occurrence of the corporate transaction and the
termination (for no consideration) upon the consummation of such corporate transaction of any stock options not exercised prior thereto;
or (f) the cancellation of outstanding stock awards in exchange for no consideration. Change in Control A stock award may be
subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a “Change in Control” (as defined in the 2023
Plan) as may be provided in the award agreement for such stock award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between us or
any affiliate and the participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. Amendment, Termination
and Duration of the 2023 Plan If approved by our stockholders,
the 2023 Plan will continue in effect for a term of 10 years measured from the date the 2023 Plan was approved by the Board, unless terminated
earlier under the terms of the 2023 Plan. The Plan Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the 2023 Plan. 80 U.S. Federal Tax Aspects A participant who receives
a stock option or SAR will not have taxable income upon the grant of the stock option or SAR. For nonstatutory stock options and SARs,
the participant will recognize ordinary income upon exercise in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares over
the exercise price—the appreciation value—on the date of exercise. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition
of the shares generally will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether the shares are held for more than one
year. The purchase of shares
upon exercise of an incentive stock option will not result in any taxable income to the participant, except for purposes of the alternative
minimum tax. Gain or loss recognized by the participant on a later sale or other disposition of the shares will be capital gain or loss
and/or ordinary income depending upon whether the participant holds the shares transferred upon exercise for a specified period. If the
shares are held for the specified period, any gain generally will be taxed at long-term capital-gain rates. If the shares are not held
for the specified period, generally any gain up to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise over the
exercise price will be treated as ordinary income. Any additional gain generally will be taxable at long-term or short-term capital-gain
rates, depending on whether the participant held the shares for more than one year after the exercise date. A participant who
receives restricted stock will not have taxable income until vesting unless the participant timely files an election under Section
83(b) of the Code to be taxed at the time of grant (“Section 83(b) election”). The participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value
of the shares at the time of vesting less the amount paid for such shares (if any) if no such election is made. Any additional gain
or loss recognized upon any later disposition of the shares generally will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss,
depending on whether the shares are held for more than one year. If a participant timely files a Section 83(b) election, the
participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the shares at the time of purchase or grant less the
amount paid for such shares (if any). A participant who receives
RSUs, performance units or performance shares will not have taxable income upon grant of the stock award; instead the participant will
be taxed upon settlement of the stock award. The participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the shares
or the amount of cash received by the participant. In addition, Section 409A imposes certain restrictions on deferred compensation
arrangements. Stock awards that are treated as deferred compensation under Section 409A are intended to meet the requirements of
this section of the Code. The Plan Administrator
may, at its discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, permit a participant to satisfy such withholding
or deduction obligations or any other tax-related items, in whole or in part by (without limitation) paying cash, electing to have us
withhold otherwise deliverable cash or shares, or delivering to us already-owned shares; provided that, unless the Plan Administrator
permits otherwise, any proceeds derived from a cashless exercise must be an approved broker-assisted cashless exercise or the cash or
shares withheld or delivered must be limited to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance or shares must
have been previously held for the minimum duration required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance.
The fair market value of the shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined based on such methodology that we deem to be reasonable
and in accordance with applicable laws. We will be entitled
to a tax deduction in connection with a stock award under the 2023 Plan only in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by
the participant and at the time the participant recognizes the income. Section 162(m) of the Code places a limit of $1 million on
the amount of compensation that we may deduct as a business expense in any year with respect to certain of our most highly paid
executive officers. While the Plan Administrator considers the deductibility of compensation as one factor in determining executive
compensation, the Plan Administrator retains the discretion to award and pay compensation that is not deductible as it believes that
it is in the best interests of our stockholders to maintain flexibility in our approach to executive compensation and to structure a
program that we consider to be the most effective in attracting, motivating and retaining key employees. New Plan Benefits The 2023 Plan does not
provide for set benefits or amounts of awards and we have not approved any stock awards that are conditioned on stockholder approval of
the 2023 Plan. We have not approved any stock awards under the 2023 Plan in connection with the Merger. All future awards to directors,
executive officers, employees and consultants under the 2023 Plan are discretionary and cannot be determined at this time. 81 CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Below, we describe transactions since January 1,
2021, in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) $120,000 and (ii) 1% of the average total assets of the
Company at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, between the Company and any of our directors, executive officers, or beneficial
holders of more than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Other than as described below, there have not been transactions to
which we have been a party other than compensation arrangements, which are described under “ Compensation of Directors and Executive
Officers .” The following description is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger. Secured Subordinated Promissory Note with Ali
Kashani On June 28, 2023, Serve issued a Secured Subordinated
Promissory Note (the “Kashani Note”) to Ali Kashani, a holder of greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve
who serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a member of the Serve Board of Directors, in exchange for a loan with the aggregate principal
amount of $449,000. Pursuant to the Kashani Note, the loan accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 7.67% per annum,
computed as simple interest. Dr. Kashani was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal amount of the Kashani Note,
less the total amount of interest that accrued on the Kashani Note prior to the Closing of the Merger (the “Kashani Exit Fee”).
Serve paid the Kashani Exit Fee and repaid the Kashani Note upon the Closing of the Merger. Related Party Transactions with Uber Technologies
Inc. As described elsewhere in this Report, Serve is
a spin-off of Uber. Serve was initially formed in 2017 as the X division of Postmates, which was acquired by Uber in 2020. Uber held greater
than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Master Framework Agreement and Project Plan Uber and the Company entered into the Master
Framework Agreement, effective September 3, 2021 (as amended, the “Master Framework Agreement”), the Master Framework
Agreement was amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated June 7, 2022 and subsequently amended
by that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated January 12, 2023 (“Amendment No. 2”). Pursuant
to the Master Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide delivery robots for Uber deliveries and Uber to pay delivery fees
based on the services provided by the delivery robots. The Company and Uber entered into separate Project
Plans on February 3, 2022 and May 26, 2022, respectively (each a “Project Plan” and collectively the “Project Plans”).
Each of these Project Plans is governed by the terms of the Master Framework Agreement. Pursuant to the Project Plans, the
Company and Uber have agreed to meet monthly to discuss completion dates and key milestones for the Master Framework Agreement and to
establish operating areas. Contribution and License Agreement On February 24, 2021, the Company entered into
a Contribution and License Agreement (the “Contribution Agreement”) with Postmates LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber.
Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, Postmates contributed assets and liabilities of Serve and Serve assumed those assets and liabilities
and Postmates retained licenses for certain IP. Wavemaker – Side Letter On December 5, 2022, the Company and
Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. entered into a SAFE along with a side letter to the SAFE dated as of December 15, 2022 (the “ Wavemaker
Side Letter”). Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. holds greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Pursuant to the
Wavemaker Side Letter, Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. is granted preemptive rights to purchase preferred stock sold in an equity
financing, among other rights. 82 NEO
2.0 LP – Side Letter On
December 1, 2022, the Company, NEO 2.0, L.P. (“NEO 2.0”) and NEO 2.0a, L.P. (“NEO 2.0a,” and together with
NEO 2.0, the “NEO Entities”) entered into a SAFE along with a side letter dated as of December 5, 2022 (the “NEO
Entities Side Letter”). The NEO Entities own greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Pursuant to the NEO
Entities Side Letter, the NEO entities are granted preemptive rights to purchase preferred stock sold in an equity financing, among
other rights. Related
Party Transactions with NVIDIA Business
Collaboration Agreement On
February 2, 2022, the Company and NVIDIA entered into a business collaboration agreement (the “Business Collaboration Agreement”)
pursuant to which the Company and NVIDIA agreed to collaborate on the potential integration of NVIDIA’s AI capabilities into the
Company’s robots, among other things. NVIDIA
Side Letter On
October 4, 2021, the Company and NVIDIA entered into a Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement”) and a SAFE. Pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement NVIDIA agreed to purchase 320,646 shares of Series Seed
Preferred Stock from the Company. The SAFE was of a stated purchase amount of $9,000,000. On February 4, 2022, the Company and NVIDIA
entered into a side letter (the “NVIDIA Side Letter”) pursuant to which the Company granted NVIDIA contractual management
rights including inspection rights and a right of first refusal, among other things. Equity
Financings 2021
SAFEs In
a series of transactions closing between January 29, 2021 and March 16, 2021, Serve issued simple agreements for future equity for an
aggregate purchase amount of $6,750,000 to investors of Serve (the “2021 SAFEs”). The 2021 SAFEs were converted into shares
of Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock on October 4, 2021. The following table summarizes the purchase of 2021 SAFEs by related persons: Purchaser | Aggregate Purchase Price for 2021 SAFE S
Ali Kashani (1) | $ | 5,000
Future VC, LLC (2) | $ | 25,000
NEO 2.0, L.P. (3) | $ | 2,500,000
Olivier Vincent (4) | $ | 10,000
Pourdad Capital Corp. (5) | $ | 50,000
Postmates, LLC (6) | $ | 1,000,000 (1) | Ali Kashani holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve, serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (2) | James Buckly Jordan is the manager of Future VC, LLC and serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (3) | The general partner of NEO 2.0., L.P. is NEO GP 2.0, LLC (“NEO GP”). NEO GP and its affiliates hold greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. (4) | Olivier Vincent serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (5) | Pourdad Capital Corp is controlled by Ali Pourdad, who is a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (6) | Postmates, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber, which holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. Sarfraz Maredia is VP, Head of Americas, Delivery at Uber and serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. 83 October
and November 2021 Seed Round On
October 4, 2021, Serve entered into the Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which it issued 3,847,756 shares
of Series Seed Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 3,037,227 shares of Series Seed-1
Preferred Stock, 2,599,497 shares of Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock and 445,347 shares of Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock as a result of
SAFE conversions. In addition to the issuance of shares, the 2021 SAFEs were converted to Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock and Series Seed-1
Preferred Stock. The following table summarizes the purchase of Series Seed Preferred Stock and the conversion of the 2021 SAFEs by related
persons: Purchaser | Shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchased | Aggregate Purchase Price | Aggregate Purchase Price of 2021 SAFEs | Series Seed- 1 Preferred Stock Issued for 2021 SAFEs | Series Seed- 2 Preferred Stock Issued for 2021 SAFEs
Ali Kashani (1) | — | — | $ | 5,000.00 | — | 2,290
NEO 2.0, L.P. (2) | 240,641 | $ | 750,487.09 | $ | 2,468,706.24 | — | 1,130,826
NEO 2.0a, L.P. (2) | 3,050 | $ | 9,512.04 | $ | 31,292.56 | — | 14,334
Olivier Vincent (3) | — | — | $ | 10,000 | — | 4,580
Postmates, LLC (4) | 160,323 | $ | 499,999.35 | $ | 1,000,000 | 3,037,227 | —
Pourdad Capital Corp. (5) | 16,032 | $ | 49,999.00 | $ | 50,0000.00 | — | 22,903
Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. (6) | 961,939 | $ | 2,999,999.16 | — | — | —
Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC (6) | 245,995 | $ | 767,184.61 | — | — | —
Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC (6) | 574,212 | (7) | $ | 1,790,794.96 | — | — | — (1) | Ali Kashani holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve, serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (2) | The general partner of each of NEO 2.0., L.P. and NEO 2.0a, L.P. is NEO GP. NEO GP and its affiliates hold greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. (3) | Olivier Vincent serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (4) | Postmates, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber, which holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. Sarfraz Maredia is VP, Head of Americas, Delivery at Uber and serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (5) | Pourdad Capital Corp is controlled by Ali Pourdad, who is a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (6) | Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. holds greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. (7) | Purchased in a subsequent closing on November 24, 2021. 84 Preferred
Warrants On
October 4, 2021, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 160,323 shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $3.12 per share
to Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC. All of these warrants were transferred on April 19, 2023, with 80,162 being transferred to James
Buckly Jordan, a member of the Serve Board of Directors. 2022
SAFEs Between
February 4, 2022 and March 9, 2022, Serve issued simple agreements for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $10,585,000
to investors of Serve (the “February 2022 SAFEs”). Between December 1, 2022 and January 18, 2023, Serve issued simple agreements
for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $4,966,953.38 to investors of Serve (the “December 2022 SAFEs” and,
together with the February 2022 SAFEs, the “2022 SAFEs”). The following table summarizes the purchase of 2022 SAFEs by related
persons: Purchaser | Aggregate Purchase Price for 2022 SAFEs
NEO 2.0, L.P. (1) | $ | 987,482.99
NEO 2.0a, L.P. (1) | $ | 12,517.01
NVIDIA | $ | 9,000,000
Postmates, LLC (2) | $ | 2,000,000
Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. (3) | $ | 1,000,000 (1) | The general partner of each of NEO 2.0., L.P. and NEO 2.0a, L.P. is NEO GP. NEO GP and its affiliates hold greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. (2) | Postmates, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber, which holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. Sarfraz Maredia is VP, Head of Americas, Delivery at Uber and serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (3) | Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. holds greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Registration
Rights Agreement The
description set forth above under the caption “ The Merger and Related Transactions—Registration Rights ” is incorporated
herein by reference. All of our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5% of our capital stock are parties to the Registration
Rights Agreement. Participation
in the Offering Certain
of our existing investors, including investors affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, have purchased an aggregate of
1,258,221 shares of our common stock in the Offering, for an aggregate gross purchase price of $5,014,136. Such purchases were made on
the same terms as the shares that were sold to other investors in the Offering and not pursuant to any pre-existing contractual rights
or obligations. Each of NVIDIA, and Postmates, LLC, who hold more than 5% of our capital stock, and Olivier Vincent and Ali Kashani participated
in the Offering. Indemnification
Agreements We
maintain indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements and our
restated bylaws will require us to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent not prohibited by DGCL. Subject to very limited exceptions,
our restated bylaws will also require us to advance expenses incurred by our directors and officers. 85 PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July 31, 2023, immediately
following the closing of the Merger and the Offering, by: ● | each of our named executive officers; ● | each of our directors; ● | all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and ● | each person, or group of affiliated persons, who beneficially owned more than 5% of our common stock. We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the
persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that
they beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. The
percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the basis of 24,431,521 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 31,
2023, after giving effect to the Merger and the Offering. Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days
of July 31, 2023 are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights, but
are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person, except with respect to the percentage
ownership of all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner in the
table below is 730 Broadway, Redwood City, CA 94063. Name | Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned | Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned
5% Stockholders
Postmates, LLC (1) | 3,963,808 | 16.2 | %
NVIDIA (2) | 2,676,904 | 11.0 | %
NEO 2.0 Entities (3) | 1,438,228 | 5.9 | %
Mark Tompkins (4) | 1,811,250 | 7.4 | %
Directors and Named Executive Officers | %
Ali Kashani (5) | 2,357,718 | 9.7 | %
Shares subject to voting proxy (6) | 6,860,053 | 28.1 | %
Touraj Parang (7) | 814,671 | 3.3 | %
James Buckly Jordan (8) | 809,936 | 3.3 | %
Olivier Vincent | 9,928 | * | %
Ali Pourdad (9) | 31,283 | * | %
Euan Abraham (10) | 136,661 | * | %
Sarfraz Maredia | — | — | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (eight persons) | 7,971,876 | 32.6 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) | Postmates, LLC is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber Technologies Inc. The address of Uber Technologies Inc. is 1515 3rd Street, San Francisco, California 94158. 86 (2) | The address of NVIDIA is 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051. (3) | Consists of (i) 1,420,228 shares of common stock held by NEO 2.0, L.P. and (ii) 18,000 shares of Common stock held by NEO 2.0a, L.P. The general partner of each of NEO 2.0., L.P. and NEO 2.0a, L.P. is NEO GP 2.0, LLC. Ali Partovi is the Managing Director of NEO GP 2.0, LLC and has dispositive power over the shares of common stock controlled thereby. The address of NEO GP 2.0, LLC is 2121 S. El Camino Real, Ste 200, San Mateo, California 94403. (4) | Consists of (i) 1,655,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 156,250 shares of common stock underlying the Bridge Warrants. (5) | Consists of (i) 2,205,309 shares of common stock held directly by Ali Kashani, (ii) 16,070 shares of common stock held by Nikki Stoddart, the spouse of Dr. Kashani, (iii) 80,350 shares of common stock held by Salma Kashani, (iv) 8,035 shares of common stock held by Ali Sadeghi Hariri, (v) 1,562 shares underlying warrants to purchase common stock which are exercisable within 60 days of July 31, 2023, and (vi) 46,392 shares of common stock underlying options which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of July 31, 2023. Dr. Kashani shares control of the shares of common stock held by Ms. Stoddart. 1,343,631 shares of common stock held by Dr. Kashani are subject to a repurchase option held by the Company in the event that Dr. Kashani’s service with the Company is terminated. (6) | Consists of shares of common stock held by holders of pre-Merger common stock over which Dr. Kashani holds an irrevocable proxy, pursuant to the agreements between the Company and such stockholders. The Company does not believe that the parties to these voting agreements constitute a “group” under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Dr. Kashani exercises voting control over these shares. Dr. Kashani does not have dispositive control over these shares of common stock. (7) | Consists of (i) 794,709 shares of Common stock held by Touraj Parang, (ii) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Armin Parang, Mr. Parang’s brother, (iii) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Payman Parang, Mr. Parang’s brother, (iv) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Shaghayegh Ahkami, Mr. Parang’s sister-in-law, (v) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Shahyar Ahkami, Mr. Parang’s brother-in-law, and (vi) 11,930 shares of common stock underlying options which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of July 31, 2023. Mr. Parang disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by Armin Parang, Payman Parang, Shaghayegh Ahkami and Shahyar Ahkami. 490,566 shares of common stock held by Mr. Parang are subject to a repurchase option held by the Company in the event that Mr. Parang’s service with the Company is terminated. (8) | Consists of (i) 659,035 shares of common stock held by Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC, (ii) 9,200 shares held by Future VC, LLC, (iii) 77,291 shares of common stock held by Match Robotics VC, LLC and (iv) 64,410 shares of common stock underlying warrants to purchase common stock which are exercisable within 60 days of July 31, 2023. James Buckly Jordan is the Managing Partner of Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC and has dispositive power over the shares of common stock held thereby. Future VC, LLC and Match Robotics VC, LLC are controlled by James Buckly Jordan. The address of Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC is 1 Nanson road #03-00, Singapore 238909. The address for Future VC, LLC is 1438 9th St., Santa Monica, California 90401. The address for Match Robotics VC, LLC is 1134 11th Street, Suite 101, Santa Monica, California 90403. (9) | Shares of common stock are held by Pourdad Capital Corp. over which Ali Pourdad has control. (10) | Consists of (i) 136,661 options to purchase shares of common stock which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of July 31, 2023. 87 MARKET
PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Our
common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, an over-the-counter market or any other exchange. Therefore, there is no
trading market, active or otherwise, for our common stock and our common stock may never be included for trading on any stock exchange,
automated quotation system or any over-the-counter market. As
of the date of this Report, we have 24,431,521 shares of common stock outstanding held by 225 stockholders of record. Dividend
Policy We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination to pay
cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. Shares
Eligible for Future Sale Prior
to the Merger, there has been a limited public market for our common stock. Future sales of our common stock, including shares issued
upon the exercise of options or warrants that we may issue, in the public market after the Merger, or the perception that those sales
may occur, could cause the prevailing price for our common stock to fall or impair our ability to raise equity capital in the future.
As described below, only a limited number of shares of our common stock will be available for sale in the public market for a period
of several months after consummation of the Merger due to contractual and legal restrictions on resale described below. Future sales
of our common stock in the public market either before (to the extent permitted) or after restrictions lapse, or the perception that
those sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing price of our common stock at such time and our ability to raise equity capital
at a time and price we deem appropriate. Upon
the closing of the Offering, we had 24,431,521 shares of common stock outstanding, of which our directors and executive officers beneficially
own an aggregate of 4,160,197 shares. Of those outstanding shares, no shares of common stock are freely tradable, without restriction,
as of the date of this Report. No shares issued in connection with the Merger or the Offering can be publicly sold under Rule 144 under
the Securities Act until 12 months after the date of filing this Report. Sale
of Restricted Shares Of
the approximately 24,431,521 shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Offering, all of such shares will be “restricted
securities” as such term is defined in Rule 144. These restricted securities were issued and sold by us, or will be issued and
sold by us, in private transactions and are eligible for public sale only if registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including the exemptions provided by Rule 144 or Rule 701, which rules are summarized
below. Rule 144 Pursuant
to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, sales of the securities of a former shell company, such as us, under that rule are
not permitted (i) until at least 12 months have elapsed from the date on which this Report, reflecting our status as a non-shell
company, is filed with the SEC and (ii) unless at the time of a proposed sale, we are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other than Current Reports on Form 8-K. We intend to register such shares for sale
under the Securities Act but are currently a “voluntary filer” and are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. As a result, unless we register such shares for sale under the Securities Act, most of our
stockholders will be forced to hold their shares of our common stock for at least that 12-month period before they are eligible to sell
those shares, and even after that 12-month period, sales may not be made under Rule 144 unless we and the selling stockholders are in
compliance with other requirements of Rule 144. 88 In
general, Rule 144 provides that (i) any of our non-affiliates that has held restricted common stock for at least 12 months is thereafter
entitled to sell its restricted stock freely and without restriction, provided that we remain compliant and current with our SEC reporting
obligations, and (ii) any of our affiliates, which includes our directors, executive officers and other person in control of us,
that has held restricted common stock for at least 12 months is thereafter entitled to sell its restricted stock subject to the following
restrictions: (a) we are compliant and current with our SEC reporting obligations, (b) certain manner of sale provisions are
satisfied, (c) a Form 144 is filed with the SEC, and (d) certain volume limitations are satisfied, which limit the sale of
shares within any three-month period to a number of shares that does not exceed 1% of the total number of outstanding shares or, if our
common stock is then listed or quoted for trading on a national securities exchange, then the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding
shares and the average weekly trading volume of our common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of the Form 144
with respect to the sale. A person who has ceased to be an affiliate at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has
owned such shares of common stock for at least one year is entitled to sell the shares under Rule 144 without regard to any of the limitations
described above. Regulation
S Regulation
S under the Securities Act provides that shares owned by any person may be sold without registration in the U.S., provided that the sale
is effected in an offshore transaction and no directed selling efforts are made in the U.S. (as these terms are defined in Regulation
S), subject to certain other conditions. In general, this means that our shares of common stock may be sold in some other manner outside
the United States without requiring registration in the United States. Rule 701 In
general, under Rule 701 as currently in effect, any of our employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who acquired
common stock from us in connection with a written compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement, in compliance with Rule 701
under the Securities Act, before the effective date of the Merger (to the extent such common stock is not subject to a lock-up agreement)
is entitled to rely on Rule 701 to resell such shares beginning 90 days after we become subject to the public company reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act in reliance on Rule 144, but without compliance with the holding period requirements contained
in Rule 144. Accordingly, subject to any applicable lock-up agreements, beginning 90 days after we become subject to the public
company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, under Rule 701 persons who are not our “affiliates,” as defined
in Rule 144, may resell those shares without complying with the minimum holding period or public information requirements of Rule 144,
and persons who are our “affiliates” may resell those shares without compliance with Rule 144’s minimum holding
period requirements (subject to the terms of the lock-up agreements described above, if applicable). Stock
Plans We
intend to file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock that are outstanding
or reserved for issuance under the Serve Plan and 2023 Plan. Such registration statement is expected to be filed and become effective
as soon as practicable after the consummation of the Merger and the registration of our shares of common stock with the SEC pursuant
to a registration statement on Form S-8. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement will be available for sale
in the open market following its effective date, subject to Rule 144 volume limitations and the lock-up agreements described above,
if applicable. 89 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK The
following description summarizes the most important terms of our capital stock following the Merger and Offering. Because it is only
a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you and the descriptions herein are qualified by reference
to our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws. For a complete description, you should refer to our restated certificate
of incorporation and restated bylaws, which are included as exhibits hereto, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. We
have authorized capital stock consisting of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As
of the date of this Report, we had 24,431,521 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding. Unless stated otherwise, the following discussion summarizes the term and provisions of our restated certificate of
incorporation and our restated bylaws. Common
Stock Dividend
Rights Subject
to applicable law and the rights and preferences, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of
our common stock are entitled to receive dividends if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital
stock. Voting
Rights Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Except as otherwise required by law, holders of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the restated certificate of
incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of
one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together
as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the restated certificate (including
any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election
of directors in our restated certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will
be able to elect all of our directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, to be divided
into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders,
with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. No
Preemptive or Similar Rights Our
common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions Upon
our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to any holders
of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock. Preferred
Stock Our
board of directors will be authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series,
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including
voting powers), preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. 90 Our
board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares
of that series then outstanding or above the total number of authorized shares of the class, without any further vote or action by our
stockholders. Our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or other
rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could,
among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control or the removal of existing management
and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Stock
Options As
of the Effective Time, we had outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1,594,900 shares of our common stock, with a weighted-average
exercise price of $0.61 per share under the 2023 Plan. Warrants As
of the Effective Time, we had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,058,670 shares of our common stock, with a weighted-average
exercise price of $2.63 per share. Registration
Rights Agreement For
a description of the Registration Rights Agreement that we entered into in connection with the Merger and the Offering, see “ Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets—The Merger and Related Transactions—Registration Rights ” above. All descriptions
of the Registration Rights Agreement herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof filed as Exhibit 10.22 hereto
and incorporated herein by reference. Anti-Takeover
Provisions The
provisions of the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation, and our restated bylaws following the Offering could have the effect
of delaying, deferring, or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest
or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage
certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company
to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate
with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of
these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition
of us that a stockholder might consider is in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result
in a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock. Section
203 of the DGCL We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner as summarized below. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited
unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: ● | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; ● | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 91 ● | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section
203 defines a business combination to include: ● | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; ● | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and ● | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaw Provisions Our
restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws will include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring
hostile takeovers, or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of directors or our governance
or policy, including the following: ● | Board Vacancies . Our restated bylaws and certificate of incorporation will provide, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, that any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders, unless (a) the board of directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will hold office until the expiration of the term of the class for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. In addition, the number of directors constituting the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (the “Whole Board”) is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the board of directors, but promotes continuity of management. ● | Classified Board . Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws will provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. See the section titled “ Management—Corporate Governance—Classified Board of Directors ” for additional information. 92 ● | Directors Removed Only for Cause . Our restated certificate of incorporation will provide that stockholders may remove directors only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ● | Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaws . Our restated certificate of incorporation will further provide that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal our restated bylaws, although our restated bylaws may be amended by the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. ● | Stockholder Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our restated bylaws. Our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws will provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, our chief executive officer or the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. ● | Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . Our restated bylaws will provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our restated bylaws also will specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. ● | No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws will not provide for cumulative voting. ● | Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . We anticipate that after the filing of our restated certificate of incorporation, our board will have the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. ● | Choice of Forum . Our restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of ours; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising out of or pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply, or determine the validity of, any provision of the DGCL, the restated certificate of incorporation or the restated bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or (e) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, such forum selection provisions will not apply to actions, suits or proceedings brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 93 Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction
to entertain such claims. As noted above, the restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the
United States will have exclusive jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly,
there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, the restated certificate of incorporation provides that the choice
of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions
by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought
in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to the forum selection provisions in the restated certificate of incorporation. The
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and
other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in the restated certificate of incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers The
restated bylaws will provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by us to the fullest extent authorized
or permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the restated certificate of incorporation provides
that our directors and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary
duty as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. The
restated bylaws will also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or agent of ours
for any liability arising out of his or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Transfer
Agent and Registrar The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock will be VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent’s address is 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436. Stock
Quotation OUR
COMMON STOCK IS CURRENTLY NOT LISTED ON A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE, OR QUOTED ON AN OVER THE COUNTER MARKET.
FOLLOWING COMPLETION OF THE OFFERING, WE INTEND TO CAUSE OUR COMMON STOCK TO BE QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS QB TIER AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE
FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. HOWEVER, WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO DO SO AND, EVEN IF WE
DO SO, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT OUR COMMON STOCK WILL CONTINUE TO BE QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS OR QUOTED OR LISTED ON ANY OTHER
MARKET OR EXCHANGE, OR THAT AN ACTIVE TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK WILL DEVELOP OR CONTINUE. 94 LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. We
are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we, or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such,
are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental
authority. 95 ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. The
Offering The
information regarding the Bridge Notes, the Bridge Warrants, the Bridge Broker Warrants, the Offering and the Placement Agent Warrants
set forth in Item 2.01, “ Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets—The Merger and Related Transactions—The
Bridge Financing ” and “— The Offering ” and “ Description of Capital Stock ” is incorporated
herein by reference. On
July 31, 2023, in connection with the Offering, we issued an aggregate of 3,720,339 shares of common stock at a price of $4.00 per
share for aggregate gross consideration of approximately $11.1 million to 71 accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Securities
Issued in Connection with the Merger On
July 31, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, 3,847,756 shares of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock, 3,037,227shares
of Serve’s Series Seed-1 preferred stock, 2,599,497 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 preferred stock, and 445,347 shares of
Serve’s Series Seed-3 stock were converted into an aggregate of 7,978,613 shares of our common stock. These transactions were exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and, accordingly, there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved. Sales
of Unregistered Securities of Serve The
following list sets forth information as to all securities Serve sold from January 15, 2020, through immediately prior to the consummation
of the Merger, which were not registered under the Securities Act. The following description is historical and has not been adjusted
to give effect to the Merger. The proceeds from these sales were used by the Company for working capital. 1. | Between April 27, 2021 and June 25, 2021, Serve issued a total of 4,400,000 shares of Serve’s common stock at a price per share of $0.001 to stockholders of Serve for gross proceeds of $4,400.00. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 2. | Between April 12, 2021 and September 19, 2021, Serve issued a total of 4,556,224 shares of common stock at a price per share of $0.001 to service providers of Serve pursuant to the Serve Plan, of which 3,825,050 are outstanding for gross proceeds of $4,725.27. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 3. | Between August 23, 2022 and September 7, 2022, Serve issued a total of 420,811 shares of common stock at a price per share of $0.39 to service providers of Serve pursuant to the Serve Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 4. | Between December 23, 2021 and March 9, 2022, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 1,530,498 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.39 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the Serve Plan, of which 1,032,668 are outstanding. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 5. | On February 24, 2021, Serve issued a simple agreement for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $1,000,000 (the “February 2021 Safe”) to an investor of Serve. The February 2021 Safe converted into 3,037,227 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $1.2182 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 6. | Between January 29, 2021 and March 16, 2021, Serve issued simple agreements for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $5,675,000 (the “2021 Safes”) to investors of Serve. The 2021 Safes converted into 2,599,497 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $2.1831 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 7. | On July 13, 2021, Serve issued a simple agreement for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $1,250,000 (the “Bridge Safe”) to investors of Serve. The Bridge Safe converted into 445,347 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $2.8068 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 8. | On October 4, 2021, Serve entered into a Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued 3,847,756 shares of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock at a price per share of $3.1187, 3,037,227 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, 2,599,497 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock, and 445,347 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock to stockholders of Serve. Serve raised a total of $11,999,996.80 from the sale of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 9. | On October 4, 2021, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 160,323 shares of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $3.12 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 96 10. | On November 11, 2021, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 17,314 shares of Serve’s common stock at an exercise price of $3.12 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 11. | Between February 4, 2022 and March 9, 2022, Serve issued simple agreements for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $10,585,000 to investors of Serve. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 12. | On March 1, 2022, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 50,145 shares of Serve’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.39 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 13. | Between December 1, 2022 and January 18, 2023, Serve issued simple agreement for future equity for an aggregate purchase amount of $4,966,953.38 to investors of Serve. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 14. | On March 15, 2023, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 317,660 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.40 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the Serve Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 15. | On June 7, 2023, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 635,018 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.69 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the Serve Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. ITEM 3.03 MATERIAL
MODIFICATION TO RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS. The
information contained in Item 5.03, “Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in fiscal year” is
incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4.01 CHANGES
IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. As
of the Effective Time (i) Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C. (“Grassi”), was dismissed as the independent registered public accounting
firm of the Company, and (ii) our board of directors engaged dbbmckennon (“dbbmckennon”) as the independent registered public
accounting firm to audit the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through the date of Grassi’s dismissal, there
were no disagreements with Grassi on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope
or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Grassi, would have caused it to make reference to the subject
matter thereof in connection with its report, nor did its report contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified
or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle. During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through the date of Grassi’s dismissal, neither
the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted dbbmckennon regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company’s financial statements. We
have provided Grassi with a copy of this Report prior to the filing hereof and have requested that Grassi furnish to us a letter addressed
to the SEC stating whether Grassi agrees with the statements made by us under this Item 4.01. Grassi has furnished such letter, which
letter is filed as Exhibit 16.1 hereto, as required by Item 304(a)(3) of Regulation S-K. 97 ITEM 5.01 CHANGES
IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT. The
information regarding change of control of the Company in connection with the Merger set forth in Item 2.01, “ Completion of
Acquisition or Disposition of Assets—The Merger ” is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE
OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF CERTAIN OFFICERS. The
information regarding departure and election of our directors and departure and appointment of our principal officers in connection with
the Merger set forth in Item 2.01, “Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets—The Merger” is
incorporated herein by reference. For
information regarding the terms of employment of our newly appointed executive officers, see “Compensation of Directors
and Executive Officers—Executive Compensation Arrangements” in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description is incorporated
herein by reference. For certain biographical, related party and other information regarding our newly appointed executive officers,
see the disclosure under the headings “Management” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in
Item 2.01 of this Report, which disclosures are incorporated herein by reference. For
information about compensation to our directors, see “Management” in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description
is incorporated herein by reference. For information about the committees each director serves on, see “Management—Committees
of the Board of Directors” in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description is incorporated herein by reference. There are
no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of our current directors was appointed as a director. For certain biographical,
related party and other information regarding our newly appointed directors, see the disclosure under the headings “Management” and “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in Item 2.01 of this Report, which disclosures are incorporated herein by
reference. ITEM 5.03 AMENDMENTS
TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation Prior
to the Merger, our board of directors approved the amendment and restatement of our certificate of incorporation on July 31, 2023,
and stockholders holding 100% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock approved the amendment and restatement to our certificate
of incorporation on July 31, 2023. See the description of the restated certificate of incorporation in Item 2.01, “Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets— Description of Capital Stock—Anti-Takeover Provisions” for a summary
of its terms. Our restated certificate of incorporation is filed as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Amendments
to Bylaws Prior
to the Merger, on July 31, 2023, we amended and restated our bylaws in their entirety. See the description of the restated bylaws
in Item 2.01, “Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets— Description of Capital Stock—Anti-Takeover
Provisions”. Our restated bylaws are filed as Exhibit 3.3 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 5.06 CHANGE
IN SHELL COMPANY STATUS. Prior
to the Merger, we were a “shell company” (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). As a result of the
Merger, we have ceased to be a shell company. The information contained in this Report, together with the information contained in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the SEC, constitute the current “Form 10 information” necessary to satisfy the conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under
the Securities Act. 98 ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. (a) | As a result of its acquisition of Serve Robotics Inc., as described in Item 2.01, the registrant is filing herewith audited financial statements for Serve Robotics Inc. as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report.
(b) | As a result of its acquisition of Serve Robotics Inc., as described in Item 2.01, the registrant is filing herewith unaudited financial information as of and for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2023 as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report.
(c) | Unaudited pro forma combined financial information as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is attached as Exhibit 99.3 to this Report.
(d) | Shell Company Transactions. Reference is made to Items 9.01(a) and 9.01(b) and the exhibits referred to therein, which are incorporated herein by reference.
(e) | Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
2.1§ | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among the Company, Serve Acquisition Corp. and Serve Robotics Inc.
3.1 | Certificate of Merger relating to the merger of Serve Acquisition Corp. with and into Serve Robotics Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023.
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023.
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws.
4.1 | Form of Bridge Warrant.
4.2 | Form of Bridge Broker Warrant.
4.3 | Form of Placement Agent A Warrant.
4.4 | Form of Placement Agent B Warrant.
10.1+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company.
10.2+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and between Euan Abraham and the Company.
10.3+ | Engagement Letter, dated as of May 18, 2023, by and between AKW Financial, LLC dba Vision Accounting & Tax (VAT) and the Company.
10.4+ | Parang Termination Payment Letter, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company.
10.5+ | Kashani Termination Payment Letter, dated as of September 27, 2021, by and between Ali Kashani and the Company.
10.6 | Lease Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by and between Bauen Fund 2018-730, LLC and the Company.
10.7§ | Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company.
10.8* | Amended and Restated Side Letter to the Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company.
10.9* | Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 by and between Uber Technologies Inc. and the Company.
10.10* | Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 by and between Uber Technologies Inc. and the Company.
10.11* | Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies Inc. and the Company.
10.12* | Project Plan #1, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies Inc. and the Company.
10.13* | Project Plan #2, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies Inc. and the Company.
10.14 | Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company.
10.15*§ | Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company.
10.16§ | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company.
10.17 | First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company.
10.18 | Second Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company.
10.19 | Third Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company.
10.20 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement.
10.21 | Form of Pre-Merger Indemnification Agreement.
10.22 | Subscription Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and between the Company and the parties thereto.
10.23 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the parties thereto.
10.24+ | 2021 Stock Plan and form of award agreements.
10.25+ | 2023 Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements.
16.1 | Letter from Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C. as to the change in certifying accountant, dated August 4, 2023.
21.1 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
99.1 | Audited financial statements of Serve Robotics Inc., as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.
99.2 | Unaudited financial statements of Serve Robotics Inc., as of and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023.
99.3 | Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements.
99.4 | Serve Robotics Inc. Investor Presentation
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) + | Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. * | Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request. § | Certain exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. 99 SIGNATURE Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. SERVE ROBOTICS INC.
Date: August 4, 2023 | By: | /s/ Ali Kashani
Ali Kashani
Chief Executive Officer and Director 100