S-3 1 ea0211503-s3_serverobo.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 27, 2024 Registration No. 333- united
states SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SERVE
ROBOTICS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 85-3844872
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 730 Broadway Redwood City, CA 94063 (818) 860-1352 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal
executive offices) Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer 730 Broadway Redwood City, California
94063 (818) 860-1352 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) Copy to: Albert Vanderlaan,
Esq. Orrick, Herrington
& Sutcliffe LLP 222 Berkeley St., Suite
2000 Boston, MA 02116 (617) 880-2219 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement as determined by the registrant. If the only securities being registered on this
Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this
Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities
offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant
to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a
registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities
pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to
said Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this base prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This base prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and
we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities, in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER 27, 2024 PROSPECTUS $200,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Rights Units From time to time, we may offer and sell, in one
or more offerings, in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of any such offering, common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, warrants or rights, either individually or in units, with a total value of up to $200,000,000. This base prospectus describes some of the general
terms that may apply to these securities. Each time securities are sold, the specific terms and amounts of the securities being offered,
and any other information relating to the specific offering will be set forth in a supplement to this base prospectus. We may also
authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and
any related free writing prospectus may also supplement, update or amend information contained in this base prospectus. You should read
this base prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated
by reference, before you invest in any of the securities being offered. THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED TO OFFER
AND SELL SECURITIES UNLESS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol “SERV.” On September 26, 2024, the last reported sale price of the common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market
was $7.69 per share. We may offer the securities from time to time in
amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of offering. We may offer and sell the securities directly to you, through agents
we select or through underwriters and dealers we select on a continuous or delayed basis. The accompanying prospectus supplement will
provide the specific terms of the plan of distribution. If we use agents, underwriters or dealers to sell the securities, we will name
them and describe their compensation in the prospectus supplement. The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds we
expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in the prospectus supplement. We are an “emerging growth company”
and a “smaller reporting company” under federal securities laws and, as such, are subject to reduced public company reporting
requirements. See “Prospectus Summary—Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company.” Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the risk factors described in this base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus
supplement, any related free writing prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference into this base prospectus. See “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 4. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this base prospectus is truthful
or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this
base prospectus is , 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS BASE PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 4
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 7
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR CAPITAL STOCK | 8
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 12
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 21
DESCRIPTION OF RIGHTS | 23
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 24
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 25
LEGAL MATTERS | 27
EXPERTS | 27
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 27
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE | 28 We are responsible for the
information contained and incorporated by reference in this base prospectus, in any accompanying prospectus supplement, and in any related
free writing prospectus we prepare or authorize. We have not authorized anyone to give you any other information, and we take no responsibility
for any other information that others may give you. If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to sell, or solicitations of offers to purchase,
the securities offered by this documentation are unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities,
then the offer presented in this document does not extend to you. The information contained in this document speaks only as of the date
of this document, unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies. Neither the delivery of this base prospectus
or any accompanying prospectus supplement, nor any sale of securities made under these documents, will, under any circumstances, create
any implication that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement
or any free writing prospectus we may provide you in connection with an offering or that the information contained or incorporated by
reference is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of such information. You should assume that the information in this base prospectus
or any accompanying prospectus supplement, as well as the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus or any accompanying
prospectus supplement, is accurate only as of the date of the documents containing the information, unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those
dates. i ABOUT THIS BASE
PROSPECTUS This base prospectus is part of a registration
statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using a “shelf” registration
process. Under this shelf registration process, we may, from time to time, issue and sell to the public any part of the securities described
in this base prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of $200,000,000. This base prospectus provides you with a general
description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell a type or series of securities under this base prospectus, we will provide
a prospectus supplement containing specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing
prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings and securities. The prospectus supplement
and any free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information in this base prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference
in this base prospectus. To the extent that any statement that we make in a prospectus supplement is inconsistent with statements made
in this base prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference in this base prospectus, the statements made or incorporated by reference
in this base prospectus will be deemed modified or superseded by those made in the prospectus supplement. We urge you to carefully read
this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, together with the information incorporated
herein by reference as described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain
Documents by Reference” before buying any of the securities being offered. The registration statement containing this base
prospectus, including exhibits to the registration statement, provides additional information about us and the securities offered under
this base prospectus. The registration statement can be read at the SEC’s website under the heading “Where You Can Find More
Information.” This base prospectus incorporates by reference,
and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics
and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these
sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this
information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this base prospectus,
any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties
and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in
this base prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other
documents that are incorporated by reference into this base prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this
information. We own various U.S. federal trademark registrations
and applications and unregistered trademarks, including our corporate logo. This base prospectus and the information incorporated herein
by reference contains references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience,
trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this base prospectus and the information incorporated herein, including logos,
artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to
indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable
licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names,
service marks or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. All trademarks,
service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or
any related free writing prospectus are the property of their respective owners. ii PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary description about us and our business
highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this base prospectus or incorporated in this base prospectus by reference. This
summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you and your investment decision. Therefore, before making your
investment decision, you should carefully read this base prospectus, including any applicable prospectus supplements and any applicable
free writing prospectus, together with the additional information described under the headings “Where You Can Find More Information”
and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference.” All references to “Serve” refer to Serve Operating Co.
(formerly known as Serve Robotics Inc.), a privately held Delaware corporation and our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary. Unless otherwise
stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us”
or similar terms refer to Serve Robotics Inc. (formerly named Patricia Acquisition Corp.) together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Serve.
Serve holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of Serve Robotics Inc. About Serve Robotics Inc. We are on a mission to deliver a sustainable future
by transforming how goods move among people. We have developed an advanced, AI-powered robotics
mobility platform, with last-mile delivery in cities as its first application. According to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics
in 2017, 45% of car trips in the United States are taken for shopping and errands, and in 2019, FedEx stated that over 60% of merchants’
customers live within three miles of a store location. By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by reducing the cost of last-mile transportation,
we aim to reshape cities into sustainable, safe and people-friendly environments, with thriving local economies. Our first product is a low-emissions robot that
serves people in public spaces, starting with last-mile food delivery. In 2017, our core technology development began with our co-founders
and a growing product and engineering team. In 2020, the team launched a fleet of sidewalk delivery robots (hereafter simply referred
to as “delivery robots”) in Los Angeles performing contactless deliveries during the COVID-19 pandemic shutdowns. By the end
of that year, our robots had successfully completed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates Inc. (collectively with its affiliated
entities, “Postmates”) in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired by Uber Technologies, Inc.
(“Uber”) in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed
by the team and assets relating to this project to Serve. In return for this contribution and an investment of cash into the Company,
Uber acquired a minority equity interest in the business. By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the majority of the team that had worked
on this project at Postmates joined us as full-time employees. After spinning off from Uber in 2021, we established
a commercial partnership with Uber, with deliveries starting in January 2022 on a small scale. In May 2022, Uber announced a pilot program
with us, and by June, it executed a commercial-scale agreement with us to deploy up to 2,000 of our robots across the United States. Our current fleet consists of over 100 robots,
and we plan to expand our fleet by building and deploying hundreds of new robots in the coming years after raising additional capital.
We have platform-level integrations with the Uber Eats division of Uber and 7-Eleven, Inc. Our strategic investors include NVIDIA, Uber,
7-Ventures and Delivery Hero’s corporate venture units, alongside other world-class investors. Because we started within a food delivery company,
our team comes with a depth of expertise in food delivery. Additionally, our engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation
and robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc., Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc.
and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based on our proprietary historical delivery data,
approximately half of all food delivery distances in the United States are less than 2.5 miles, making these deliveries well-suited to
delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that can delight customers, improve reliability
for merchants and reduce traffic congestion and vehicle emissions. Moreover, at scale with full utilization and high autonomy, we believe
our robots have the potential to reduce average delivery cost to under $1.00, lower than delivery cost by human couriers today, making
on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in which we operate. In fact, according to a 2024 ARK Invest report, by
using automation to reduce delivery costs, the potential market for food and parcel delivery by robots and drones may grow to as much
as $450 billion globally in 2030. 1 Additional details of our programs are contained
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Corporate Information We were incorporated in the State of Delaware as
Patricia Acquisition Corp. on November 9, 2020. On July 31, 2023, Serve Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Serve (the “Merger”).
Following the Merger, Serve was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve
was converted into shares of our common stock. The business of Serve became our business as a result of the Merger. Following the consummation
of the Merger, Serve changed its name to “Serve Operating Co.” and we changed our name to “Serve Robotics Inc.” Prior to the Merger, Patricia Acquisition Corp.
was a “shell” company registered under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), with no specific
business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Serve following the closing of the Merger. Our principal executive offices are located at
730 Broadway, Redwood City, California 94063. Our telephone number is (818) 860-1352. Our website address is http://www.serverobotics.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. Securities We May Offer We may offer shares of common stock, shares of
preferred stock, debt securities, warrants or rights, either individually or in units, with a total value of up to $200,000,000 from time
to time under this base prospectus at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of the offering. Our common
stock currently is quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SERV.” Shares of common stock that may be offered
in this offering will, when issued and paid for, be fully paid and non-assessable. We refer to our common stock, preferred stock,
debt securities, warrants, rights and units in this base prospectus as “securities.” This base prospectus provides you with
a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer a type or series of securities, we will provide a prospectus
supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities, as described below under “Plan
of Distribution.” Use of Proceeds We will retain broad discretion over the use of
the net proceeds to us from the sale of our securities under this base prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated in one or more prospectus
supplements to this base prospectus, we anticipate the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this base prospectus and any
applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise of any convertible securities,
if any, will be used for general corporate purposes; however, we do not currently have any specific uses of the net proceeds planned. 2 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company
and a Smaller Reporting Company We qua lify
as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS
Act”). An “emerging growth company” may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable
to public companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: ● | being permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” disclosure in our periodic reports and registration statements; ● | not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We
may use these provisions until December 31, 2028, which is the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the first
sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement in 2023. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of
such five-year period, including if we become a “large accelerated filer,” our annual gross revenues exceed $1.235 billion
or we issue more than $1.00 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company
prior to the end of such five-year period. We have elected to take advantage of certain of
the reduced disclosure obligations in the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and may elect to take advantage of
other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different
than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company
can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, until those standards apply
to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period and, therefore, we will not
be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Our financial
statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the
date that we are no longer an emerging growth company or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that
applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date
on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. We are also a “smaller reporting company,”
meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million and our annual revenue is less than $100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our
stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than $100 million during the most recently completed
fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company
at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that
are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most
recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller
reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 3 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. Before you invest in our securities, in addition to the other information, documents or reports incorporated by
reference in this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement or other offering materials, you should carefully consider the risk
factors in this section, the section entitled “Risk Factors” in any prospectus supplement as well as our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed subsequent to such Annual Report on
Form 10-K, which are incorporated by reference into this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement in their entirety, as
the same may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future. Each of
the risks described in these sections and documents could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects, and could result in a partial or complete loss of your investment. The risks and uncertainties we have
described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also affect our operations. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” 4 CAUTIONARY NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION This base prospectus, each prospectus supplement
and the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus and each prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated in this base prospectus regarding our strategy,
future operations, financial position, future revenues, projected costs, projected timelines, prospects, plans and objectives of management
are forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “should,”
“could,” “potentially,” “possibility,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,”
“will,” “estimate,” “project,” “expect” and similar expressions and variations thereof
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of such statements. Those statements appear in this
base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, particularly in
the sections entitled “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” and include statements regarding the intent, belief
or current expectations of the company and management that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. This base prospectus, any prospectus supplement
and the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement also contain statements that are based
on the current expectations of the company and management. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors. Because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur
and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we
do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein after we distribute this base prospectus, whether
as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. You should also carefully consider other information set forth in reports
or other documents that we file with the SEC. 5 USE OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in one or more supplements
to this base prospectus, we anticipate the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this base prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise of any convertible securities, if any,
will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include research and development activities, capital expenditures, selling, general
and administrative costs, facilities expansion, and to meet working capital needs. We expect from time to time to evaluate the acquisition
of businesses, products and technologies for which a portion of the net proceeds may be used, although we currently are not planning or
negotiating any such transactions. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in investment grade interest-bearing securities. The amounts actually expended for each purpose
may vary significantly depending upon numerous factors, including the amount and timing of the proceeds from this offering and progress
with the commercial development of our products as well as our clinical development programs and product candidates. Expenditures will
also depend upon the establishment of collaborative arrangements with other companies, the availability of additional financing and other
factors. As a result, unless otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, our management will have broad discretion to allocate the
net proceeds we receive from the sale of the securities offered by this base prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise
of any convertible securities, if any, and investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the
net proceeds. Investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the proceeds of any sale of securities. 6 DESCRIPTION OF
CAPITAL STOCK The following description summarizes the most important
terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you and the
descriptions herein are qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws.
For a complete description, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. We have authorized capital stock consisting of
300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of September 25, 2024, we had 42,912,045 shares
of common stock outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Unless stated otherwise, the following discussion
summarizes the term and provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. Common Stock Dividend Rights Subject to applicable law and the rights and preferences,
if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends
if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board
of directors may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. Voting Rights Holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, holders
of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate
of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred
stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other
such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the amended and restated certificate (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, divided into three classes with staggered
three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing
for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. No Preemptive or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive
rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to any holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences,
if any, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common
stock. Transfer Agent and Registrar for Common Stock The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent’s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number
is (212) 828-8436. Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized, subject to
limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without
further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease
the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding or above the
total number of authorized shares of the class, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may, without
stockholder approval, authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in our control or the removal of existing management and might adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. 7 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
CONCERNING OUR CAPITAL STOCK Anti-Takeover Provisions The provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws following the
Merger could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company by means of a
tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, which are summarized below,
are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to
acquire control of our Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of
our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to
acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions may delay,
deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us that a stockholder might consider is in their best interest or in our best interests, including
transactions that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock. Section 203 of the
DGCL We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner as summarized below. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited
unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: ● | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; ● | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or ● | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. ● | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; ● | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and ● | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 8 In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the
effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of
directors or our governance or policy, including the following: ● | Board Vacancies. Our amended and restated bylaws and certificate of incorporation provide, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, that any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders, unless (a) the board of directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will hold office until the expiration of the term of the class for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. In addition, the number of directors constituting the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (the “Whole Board”) is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the board of directors, but promotes continuity of management. ● | Classified Board. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. See the section titled “Classified Board of Directors” for additional information. ● | Directors Removed Only for Cause. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that stockholders may remove directors only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ● | Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provide that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, required to amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws, although our amended and restated bylaws may be amended by the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. ● | Securityholder Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, our chief executive officer or the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. 9 ● | Advance Notice Requirements for Securityholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. ● | No Cumulative Voting. The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting. ● | Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. ● | Choice of Forum. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of ours; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising out of or pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply or determine the validity of, any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (e) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, such forum selection provisions will not apply to actions, suits or proceedings brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 10 Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly,
both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. As noted above, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that the federal district courts of the United States will have exclusive jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of
action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly,
actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must
be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the
regulations promulgated thereunder. Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to the forum selection provisions in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and
other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers The
amended and restated bylaws provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by us to the fullest extent
authorized or permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages
for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in
the future be amended. The
amended and restated bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or agent of
ours for any liability arising out of his or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 11 DESCRIPTION
OF DEBT SECURITIES We
may issue debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated
convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this base
prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any debt securities that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus
supplement. The terms of any debt securities offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Unless
the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the indenture, we also are referring to any supplemental indentures that specify
the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We
will issue the debt securities under one or more separate indentures that we will enter into with the trustee named in the indenture.
The indenture will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We have filed a form of
indenture under which debt securities may be issued from time to time as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this base
prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered
will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference
from reports that we file with the SEC. The
following summary of material provisions of the debt securities and the indenture is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus
supplements and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this base prospectus, as
well as the complete indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. The
debt securities will represent unsecured general obligations of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the applicable offering material. General The
indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue. It provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal
amount that we may authorize and may be in any currency or currency unit that we may designate. The prospectus supplement, documents
incorporated by reference, or free writing prospectus with respect to any debt securities will set forth the following terms of the debt
securities offered pursuant thereto as applicable: ● | the title and series of such debt securities; ● | the principal amount being offered; ● | the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding as of the most recent practicable date; ● | any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of such debt securities of such series; ● | whether such debt securities will be in global or other form; the date or dates and method or methods by which principal and any premium on such debt securities is payable; ● | the interest rate or rates (or method by which such rate will be determined), if any; ● | the dates on which any such interest will start accruing, become payable, record dates for interest payments and the method of payment; ● | whether and under what circumstances any additional amounts are payable with respect to such debt securities; 12 ● | the notice, if any, to holders of such debt securities regarding the determination of interest on a floating rate debt security; ● | the basis upon which interest on such debt securities shall be calculated, if other than that of a 360 day year of twelve 30-day months; ● | the place or places where the principal of and interest or additional amounts, if any, on such debt securities will be payable; ● | any redemption or sinking fund provisions, or the terms of any repurchase at the option of the holder of the debt securities; the denominations of such debt securities, if other than $1,000 and integral multiples thereof; ● | any rights of the holders of such debt securities to convert the debt securities into and/or exchange the debt securities for, other securities, cash or other property; ● | the terms, if any, on which payment of principal or any premium, interest or additional amounts on such debt securities will be payable in a currency other than U.S. dollars; ● | the terms, if any, by which the amount of payments of principal or any premium, interest or additional amounts on such debt securities may be determined by reference to an index, formula, financial or economic measure or other methods; ● | if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that will be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or the method by which such portion is to be determined; ● | any events of default or covenants in addition to or in lieu of those described herein and remedies therefor; ● | whether such debt securities will be subject to defeasance or covenant defeasance; ● | the terms, if any, upon which such debt securities are to be issuable upon the exercise of warrants, units or rights; ● | name of any trustees and any authenticating or paying agents or registrars or depositaries or any other agents with respect to such debt securities; whether the debt securities rank as senior debt, senior subordinated debt, subordinated debt or any combination thereof, and the terms of any subordination; ● | whether such debt securities will be guaranteed and the terms thereof; ● | whether such debt securities will be secured by collateral and the terms of such security; and ● | any other specific terms of such debt securities and any other deletions from or additions to or modifications of the indenture with respect to such debt securities. Debt
securities may be presented for exchange, conversion or transfer in the manner, at the places and subject to the restrictions set forth
in the debt securities and the applicable offering material. Such services will be provided without charge, other than any tax or other
governmental charge payable in connection therewith, but subject to the limitations provided in the indenture. The
indenture does not contain any covenant or other specific provision affording protection to holders of the debt securities in the event
of a highly leveraged transaction or a change in control of the Company, except to the limited extent described below under “-
Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets.” 13 Modification
and Waiver The
indenture provides that supplements to the indenture may be made by the Company and the trustee for the purpose of adding any provisions
to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the holders
of debt securities of a series under the indenture or the debt securities of such series, with the consent of the holders of a majority
(or such greater amount as is provided for a particular series of debt securities) in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities
issued under such indenture that are affected by the supplemental indenture, voting as a single class; provided that no such supplemental
indenture may, without the consent of the holder of each such debt security affected thereby, among other things: (a) | change the stated maturity of the principal of, or any premium, interest or additional amounts on, such debt securities, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or any additional amounts thereon, or reduce any premium payable upon the redemption thereof or otherwise, or change the obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to the indenture, or reduce the amount of the principal of debt securities issued with original issue discount that would be due and payable upon an acceleration of the maturity thereof or the amount thereof provable in bankruptcy, or change the redemption provisions or adversely affect the right of repayment at the option of the holder, or change the place of payment or currency in which the principal of, or any premium, interest or additional amounts with respect to any debt security is payable, or impair the right of any holder of debt securities to institute suit for the payment after such payment is due (or, in the case of redemption, on or after such redemption date or, in the case of repayment at the option of the holder, on or after such payment is due); (b) | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose holders is required for any waiver provided for in the indenture, or reduce the requirements for quorum or voting; (c) | modify any of the provisions of the sections of such indenture relating to supplemental indentures with the consent of the holders, waivers of past or existing defaults or waivers of certain covenants, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of such indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of each holder affected thereby; or (d) | make any change that adversely affects the right to convert or exchange any security into or for common stock or other securities, cash or other property in accordance with the terms of the applicable debt security. The
indenture provides that a supplemental indenture that changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of the indenture that has
expressly been included solely for the benefit of one or more particular series of debt securities, or that modifies the rights of the
holders of such series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under the indenture
of the holders of debt securities of any other series. The
indenture provides that the Company and the trustee may, without the consent of the holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder,
enter into additional supplemental indentures for one of the following purposes: (a) | to evidence the succession of another corporation to the Company and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company in such indenture and in the debt securities issued thereunder; (b) | to add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder or to surrender any right or power conferred on the Company pursuant to the indenture; 14 (c) | to establish the form and terms of debt securities issued thereunder; (d) | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of an appointment of a successor trustee under such indenture with respect to one or more series of debt securities issued thereunder and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture as necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts under such indenture by more than one trustee pursuant to the indenture; (e) | to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision in the indenture that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision of the indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under such indenture; provided that no such action pursuant to this clause (e) shall adversely affect the interests of the holders of any series of outstanding debt securities issued thereunder in any material respect; (f) | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of securities under the indenture; (g) | to add any additional events of default with respect to all or any series of debt securities (as shall be specified in such supplemental indenture); (h) | to supplement any of the provisions of the indenture as may be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of debt securities, provided that such action does not adversely affect the interests of any holder of an outstanding debt security of such series or any other security in any material respect; (i) | to make provisions with respect to the conversion or exchange rights of holders of debt securities of any series; (j) | to add guarantees in respect of the debt securities of one or more series and to provide for the terms and conditions of release thereof; (k) | to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge to the trustee as security for the debt securities of any series any property or assets; (l) | to change or eliminate any of the provisions of the indenture, provided that any such change or elimination become effective only when there is no security of any series outstanding created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture which is entitled to the benefit of such provision; (m) | to provide for certificated securities in addition to or in place of global securities; (n) | to qualify such indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended; (o) | with respect to the debt securities of any series, to conform the text of the indenture or the debt securities of such series to any provision of the description thereof in the Company’s offering memorandum or prospectus relating to the initial offering of such debt securities, to the extent that such provision, in the good faith judgment of the Company, was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the indenture or such securities; or (p) | to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder in any material respect. 15 Events
of Default Unless
otherwise provided in any applicable prospectus supplement, documents incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus, the following
will be events of default under the indenture with respect to each series of debt securities issued thereunder: (a) | default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on, or any additional amount in respect of, any series of debt securities; (b) | default in the payment of principal of or any premium on any series of the debt securities outstanding under the indenture when due and payable; (c) | default in the deposit, if any, of any sinking fund payment when and as due by the terms of any debt security of such series, subject to any cure period that may be specified in any debt security of such series; (d) | failure by the Company for 60 days after receipt by written notice from the trustee upon instruction from holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the debt securities outstanding of such series to observe or perform any of the other covenants or agreements in the indenture and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” pursuant to the indenture; provided, that if such failure cannot be cured within such 60-day period, such period shall be automatically extended by another 60 days so long as (i) such failure is subject to cure and (ii) the Company is using commercially reasonable efforts to cure such failure; and provided, further, that a failure to comply with any such other agreement in the indenture that results from a change in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles shall not be deemed to be an event of default; (e) | certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar action of the Company; and (f) | any other event of default provided in the indenture with respect to a particular series of debt securities, provided that any such event of default that results from a change in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles shall not be deemed to be an event of default. In case an event of default specified in clause
(a) or (b) above shall occur and be continuing with respect to any series of debt securities, holders of at least 25%, and in case an
event of default specified in any clause other than clause (a), (b) or (e) above shall occur and be continuing with respect to any series
of debt securities, holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of such series then outstanding
may declare the principal (or, in the case of discounted debt securities, the amount specified in the terms thereof) of such series to
be due and payable. If an event of default described in (e) above shall occur and be continuing then the principal amount (or, in the
case of discounted debt securities, the amount specified in the terms thereof) of all the debt securities outstanding shall be and become
due and payable immediately, without notice or other action by any holder or the trustee, to the full extent permitted by law. Any past
or existing default or event of default with respect to particular series of debt securities under such indenture may be waived by the
holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, except in each case a continuing
default (1) in the payment of the principal of, any premium or interest on, or any additional amounts with respect to, any debt security
of such series, or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder affected
thereby. The indenture provides that the Company must periodically
furnish the trustee with a written statement as to the Company’s compliance with the covenants contained in the indenture and as
to the absence of default under the indenture terms. The indenture provides that the trustee may withhold
notice to the holders of any default with respect to any series of debt securities (except in payment of principal of or interest or premium
on, or sinking fund payment in respect of, the debt securities) if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee or a
trust committee of directors of the trustee and/or responsible officers of the trustee in good faith determine that the withholding of
such notice is in the best interest of the holders of securities of such series. The indenture contains a provision entitling the
trustee to be indemnified by the holders before proceeding to exercise any trust or power under the indenture at the request of such holders.
The indenture provides that the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of any series
may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceedings for any remedy available to the trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred upon the trustee with respect to the debt
securities of such series; provided, however, that the trustee may decline to follow any such direction if, among other reasons, the trustee
determines in good faith that the actions or proceedings as directed may not lawfully be taken or would be unduly prejudicial to the holders
of the debt securities of such series not joining in such direction. The right of a holder to institute a proceeding with respect to a
series of debt securities will be subject to certain conditions precedent including, without limitation, that in case of an event of default
specified in clause (a), (b) or (e) of the first paragraph above under “- Events of Default,” holders of at least 25%, or
in case of an event of default other than specified in clause (a), (b) or (e) of the first paragraph above under “- Events of Default”,
holders of at least a majority, in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of such series then outstanding make a written request
upon the trustee to exercise its powers under such indenture, indemnify the trustee and afford the trustee reasonable opportunity to act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holder has an absolute right to receipt of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest when due
on the debt securities, to require conversion of debt securities if such indenture provides for convertibility at the option of the holder
and to institute suit for the enforcement thereof. 16 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets The indenture provides that the Company may not
directly or indirectly consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of its assets and properties and the assets and properties of its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to another person
in one or more related transactions unless the successor person is a person organized under the laws of any domestic jurisdiction and
assumes the Company’s obligations on the debt securities issued thereunder, and under the indenture, and after giving effect thereto
no event of default, and no event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, shall have occurred and
be continuing, and that certain other conditions are met. Certain Covenants Payment of Principal, any Premium, Interest
or Additional Amounts . The Company will duly and punctually pay the principal of, and premium and interest on or any additional amounts
payable with respect to, any debt securities of any series in accordance with their terms. Maintenance of Office or Agency . The Company
will be required to maintain an office or agency in each place of payment for each series of debt securities for notice and demand purposes
and for the purposes of presenting or surrendering debt securities for payment, registration of transfer, or exchange. Reports . So long as any debt securities
of a particular series are outstanding under the indenture, the Company will file with the trustee, within 30 days after the Company has
filed the same with the SEC, unless such reports are available on the SEC’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor thereto), copies
of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC
may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company may be required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; or, if the Company is not required to file information, documents or reports pursuant to either
of said Sections, then it shall file with the trustee and the SEC, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time
by the SEC, such of the supplementary and periodic information, documents and reports which may be required pursuant to Section 13 of
the Exchange Act in respect of a security listed and registered on a national securities exchange as may be prescribed from time to time
in such rules and regulations. Additional Covenants . Any additional covenants
of the Company with respect to any series of debt securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, documents incorporated
by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Conversion Rights The terms and conditions, if any, upon which
the debt securities are convertible into common stock or preferred stock will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
documents incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Such terms will include the conversion price (or
manner of calculation thereof), the conversion period, provisions as to whether conversion
will be at the option of the holders or the Company, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price and provisions affecting
conversion in the event of redemption of such debt securities and any restrictions on conversion. 17 Redemption; Repurchase at the Option of the Holder; Sinking Fund The terms and conditions, if any, upon which (a)
the debt securities are redeemable at the option of the Company, (b) the holder of debt securities may cause the Company to repurchase
such debt securities or (c) the debt securities are subject to any sinking fund will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
documents incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Repurchases on the Open Market The Company or any affiliate of the Company may
at any time or from time to time repurchase any debt security in the open market or otherwise. Such debt securities may, at the option
of the Company or the relevant affiliate of the Company, be held, resold or surrendered to the trustee for cancellation. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance The indenture provides, with respect to each series
of debt securities issued thereunder, that the Company may satisfy and discharge its obligations under such debt securities of a series
and such indenture with respect to debt securities of such series if: (a) | all debt securities of such series previously authenticated and delivered, with certain exceptions, have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or (b) i. | the debt securities of such series have become due and payable, or mature within one year, or all of them are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the trustee for giving the notice of redemption and the Company irrevocably deposits in trust with the trustee, as trust funds solely for the benefit of the holders of such debt securities, for that purpose, money or governmental obligations or a combination thereof sufficient (in the opinion of a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the trustee) to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the debt securities of such series to maturity or redemption, as the case may be, and pays all other sums payable by it under such indenture; and ii. | the Company delivers to the trustee an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for in such indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of such indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series have been complied with. Notwithstanding such satisfaction and discharge,
the obligations of the Company to compensate and indemnify the trustee, to pay additional amounts, if any, in respect of debt securities
in certain circumstances and to convert or exchange debt securities pursuant to the terms thereof and the obligations of the Company and
the trustee to hold funds in trust and to apply such funds pursuant to the terms of the indenture, with respect to issuing temporary debt
securities, with respect to the registration, transfer and exchange of debt securities, with respect to the replacement of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and with respect to the maintenance of an office or agency for payment, shall in each case survive
such satisfaction and discharge. 18 Unless inapplicable to debt securities of a series
pursuant to the terms thereof, the indenture provides that (i) the Company will be deemed to have paid and will be discharged from any
and all obligations in respect of the debt securities issued thereunder of any series, and the provisions of such indenture will, except
as noted below, no longer be in effect with respect to the debt securities of such series (“defeasance”) and (ii) (1) the
Company may omit to comply with the covenant under “- Consolidation, Merger
and Sale of Assets” and any other additional covenants established pursuant to the terms of such series, and such omission shall
be deemed not to be an event of default under clause (d) or (f) of the first paragraph of “- Events of Default” and
(2) the occurrence of any event described in clause (f) of the first paragraph of “- Events of Default” shall not be
deemed to be an event of default, in each case with respect to the outstanding debt securities of such series ((1) and (2) of this clause
(ii), “covenant defeasance”); provided that the following conditions shall have been satisfied with respect to such series: (a) | the Company has irrevocably deposited in trust with the trustee as trust funds solely for the benefit of the holders of the debt securities of such series, for payment of the principal of and interest of the debt securities of such series, money or government obligations or a combination thereof sufficient (in the opinion of a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the trustee) without consideration of any reinvestment to pay and discharge the principal of and accrued interest on the outstanding debt securities of such series to maturity or earlier redemption, as the case may be; (b) | such defeasance or covenant defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, such indenture or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; (c) | no event of default or event which with notice or lapse of time would become an event of default with respect to such debt securities of such series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (d) | the Company shall have delivered to such trustee an opinion of counsel as described in the indenture to the effect that the holders of the debt securities of such series will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the Company’s exercise of its option under this provision of such indenture and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance or covenant defeasance had not occurred; (e) | the Company has delivered to the trustee an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for in such indenture relating to the defeasance contemplated have been complied with; (f) | if the debt securities are to be redeemed prior to their maturity, notice of such redemption shall have been duly given or in another manner satisfactory to the trustee; and (g) | any such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall comply with any additional or substitute terms provided for by the terms of such debt securities of such series. Notwithstanding a defeasance or covenant defeasance,
the Company’s obligations with respect to the following in respect of debt securities of such series will survive with respect to
such securities until otherwise terminated or discharged under the terms of the indenture or no debt securities of such series are outstanding: (a) | the rights of holders of outstanding debt securities of such series to receive payments in respect of the principal of, interest on or premium or additional amounts, if any, payable in respect of, such debt securities when such payments are due from the trust referred in clause (a) in the preceding paragraph, and any rights of such holder to convert or exchange such debt securities into common stock or other securities, cash or other property; (b) | the issuance of temporary debt securities, the registration, transfer and exchange of debt securities, the replacement of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and holding payments in trust, and the Company’s obligations with respect to the payment of additional amounts, if any, on such securities, and with respect to any rights to convert or exchange such securities into common stock or other securities, cash or other property; 19 (c) | the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the trustee, and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith; and (d) | the defeasance or covenant defeasance provisions of the indenture. Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee, other than during the occurrence and
continuance of an event of default under the indenture, undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the indenture.
Upon an event of default under the indenture, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use under
the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision and certain other limitations, the trustee is under
no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indenture at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered
indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might incur. Applicable Law The indenture provides that the debt securities
and the indenture will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the
Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 20 DESCRIPTION OF
WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional
information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that
we may offer under this base prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below
will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail
in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms
described below. The following summary description, together with
the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements does not purport to be complete and is subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the form of warrant agreement and form of warrant certificate relating to each series of
warrants that will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this base prospectus or as an
exhibit to a current report on Form 8-K if we offer warrants. General We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement
the terms of the series of warrants, including: ● | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; ● | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; ● | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; ● | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; ● | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock, the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; ● | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants; ● | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants, including whether the right to convert or purchase the securities may be forfeited unless exercised before the date specified in a notice of the redemption or call; ● | kinds, frequency and timing of notice of the redemption or call, including the cities or newspapers where notice will be published; ● | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; ● | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; ● | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified; ● | federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; ● | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; 21 ● | provisions for the warrants to be held in book entry form; and ● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. Before exercising their warrants, holders of warrants
will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities purchasable upon such exercise, including the right to receive dividends,
if any, or payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise of Warrants Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase
the securities that we specify in the applicable prospectus supplement at the exercise price that we describe in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants at
any time up to 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time on the expiration date that we set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the
close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. Holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants
by delivering the warrant certificate representing the warrants to be exercised together with specified information, and paying the required
amount to the warrant agent in immediately available funds, as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will set forth on
the reverse side of the warrant certificate and in the applicable prospectus supplement the information that the holder of the warrant
will be required to deliver to the warrant agent. Upon receipt of the required payment and the warrant
certificate properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the
applicable prospectus supplement, we will issue and deliver the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If fewer than all of the warrants
represented by the warrant certificate are exercised, then we will issue a new warrant certificate for the remaining amount of warrants.
If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may surrender securities as all or part of the exercise
price for warrants. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Warrants Any warrant agent will act solely as our agent
under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant.
A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility
in case of any default by us under the applicable warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings
at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the
holder of any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise
of, its warrants. Outstanding Warrants As of September 25, 2024, there were warrants outstanding
to purchase up to a total of 5,547,024 shares of our common stock. 22 DESCRIPTION
OF RIGHTS The following description, together with the additional
information we include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the rights that we may
offer under this prospectus, which consist of rights to purchase our common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more
series. Rights may be offered independently or together with our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and/or warrants offered
by any prospectus supplement and may be attached to or separate from those securities. While the terms we have summarized below will generally
apply to any future rights we may offer pursuant to this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any rights that we may offer
in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplements. The terms of any rights we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from
the terms we describe below. General The applicable prospectus supplements relating
to any rights that we offer will include specific terms of any offering of rights for which this prospectus is being delivered, including
the following, to the extent applicable: ● | the date for determining the persons entitled to participate in the rights distribution; ● | the price, if any, per right; ● | the exercise price payable for each share of common stock, share of preferred stock or debt security upon the exercise of the rights; ● | the number of rights issued or to be issued to each holder; ● | the number and terms of the shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock or debt securities that may be purchased per each right; ● | the extent to which the rights are transferable; ● | any other terms of the rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the rights; ● | the respective dates on which the holder’s ability to exercise the rights will commence and will expire; ● | the number of rights outstanding, if any; ● | a discussion of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the rights; ● | the extent to which the rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; and ● | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the offering of such rights. The description in the applicable prospectus supplements
of any rights that we may offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable
rights agreement and/or rights certificate, which will be filed with the SEC in connection therewith. Outstanding Rights We have no outstanding rights. 23 DESCRIPTION OF
UNITS The following description, together with the additional
information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the units that we
may offer under this base prospectus. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any units that we may offer under
this base prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any series of units in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement.
The terms of any units offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. The following summary description, together with
the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, does not purport to be complete and is subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the form of unit agreement and form of unit certificate relating to each series of units
that will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this base prospectus or as an exhibit
to a current report on Form 8-K if we offer units. General We may issue units comprised of common stock, preferred
stock, debt securities, debt obligations of third parties, including U.S. treasury securities, warrants, rights or any combination thereof.
Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of
a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may
provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified
date. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement
the terms of the series of units, including: ● | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; ● | any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; and ● | any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this section, as well
as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description of Debt Securities,” “Description
of Warrants” and “Description of Rights” will apply to each unit and to any common stock, preferred stock, debt security,
warrants or rights included in each unit, respectively. Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts and in such
numerous distinct series as we determine. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Units Any unit agent will act solely as our agent under
the applicable unit agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any unit. A single
bank or trust company may act as unit agent for more than one series of units. A unit agent will have no duty or responsibility in case
of any default by us under the applicable unit agreement or unit, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at
law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a unit may, without the consent of the related unit agent or the holder
of any other unit, enforce by appropriate legal action its rights as holder under any security included in the unit. Title We, any unit agents and any of their agents may
treat the registered holder of any unit certificate as an absolute owner of the units evidenced by that certificate for any purpose and
as the person entitled to exercise the rights attaching to the units so requested, despite any notice to the contrary. Outstanding Units We have no outstanding units. 24 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities being offered by this
base prospectus separately or together through any of the following methods: ● | to or through one or more underwriters or dealers in a public offering and sale by them; ● | directly to investors; ● | on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale; ● | in the over-the-counter market; ● | in transactions other than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter market; ● | through agents; ● | through block trades in which the broker or dealer engaged to handle the block trade will attempt to sell the securities as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● | in “at the market offerings,” within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act; ● | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● | through any combination of these methods of sale; or ● | in any manner, as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may distribute securities from time to time
in one or more transactions: ● | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; ● | at market prices prevailing at the times of sale; ● | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; ● | at varying prices determined at the time of sale; or ● | at negotiated prices. We will describe the method of distribution of
the securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may also determine the price or other terms of the securities offered under
this base prospectus by use of an electronic auction. We will describe how any auction will determine the price or any other terms, how
potential investors may participate in the auction and the nature of the obligations of the underwriter, dealer or agent in the applicable
prospectus supplement. 25 Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus
supplement, each class or series of securities will be a new issue with no established trading market, other than our common stock, which
is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market. We may elect to list any other class or series of securities on any exchange, but we are not obligated
to do so. It is possible that one or more underwriters may make a market in a class or series of securities, but the underwriters will
not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot give any assurance as to whether
an active trading market will develop for the offered securities or the liquidity of the trading market for any of the securities. We
have no current plans for listing of the preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights or units on any securities exchange or quotation
system. Any such listing with respect to any particular preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights or units will be described
in the applicable prospectus supplement or other offering materials, as the case may be. Underwriters, dealers or agents may receive compensation
in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from us or our purchasers (as their agents in connection with the sale of the securities).
In addition, underwriters may sell the securities to or through dealers, and those dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts,
concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for whom they act as agent. These underwriters,
dealers or agents may be considered to be underwriters under the Securities Act. As a result, discounts, commissions, or profits on resale
received by the underwriters, dealers or agents may be treated as underwriting discounts and commissions. The prospectus supplement will
identify any such underwriter, dealer or agent, and describe any compensation received by them from us as well as any other offering expenses.
Only underwriters named in the prospectus supplement are underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Any initial
public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. We may sell the securities directly or through
agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities and we will describe any
commissions we will pay the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, our agent will act
on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit
offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering price set forth in the prospectus
supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe
the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. Underwriters, dealers and agents may be entitled
to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribution with respect
to payments made by the underwriters, dealers or agents, under agreements between us and the underwriters, dealers and agents. Any person participating in the distribution of
common stock registered under the registration statement that includes this base prospectus will be subject to applicable provisions of
the Exchange Act, and the applicable SEC rules and regulations, including, among others, Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases
and sales of any of our common stock by any such person. Furthermore, Regulation M may restrict the ability of any person engaged in the
distribution of our common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to our common stock. These restrictions may affect
the marketability of our common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to our
common stock. We may grant underwriters who participate in
the distribution of the securities an option to purchase additional securities to cover overallotments, if any, in connection with
the distribution. Any underwriter may engage in overallotment, stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty
bids in accordance with Regulation M that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the offered securities. Overallotment
involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the
underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Short covering transactions involve purchases
of the common stock in the open market after the distribution is completed to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the
underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the common stock originally sold by the dealer is purchased in a
covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the common stock to be higher than it would
otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. If any such activities will occur,
they will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Underwriters or agents and their associates may
be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business and any such relationships
will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If more than 10% of the net proceeds of any offering
of securities made under this base prospectus will be received by FINRA members participating in the offering or affiliates or associated
persons of such FINRA members, the offering will be conducted in accordance with FINRA Conduct Rule 5121. To the extent required, this base prospectus may
be amended or supplemented from time to time to describe a specific plan of distribution. 26 LEGAL MATTERS Unless the applicable prospectus supplement indicates
otherwise, the validity of the securities being offered by this base prospectus will be passed upon by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe
LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that
we will name in an applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS dbbmckennnon, independent registered public accounting
firm, has audited our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023,
as set forth in their report (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern, as described in Note 2 to the financial statements), which is incorporated by reference in this base prospectus
and elsewhere in the registration statement. Our financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance on dbbmckennon’s
report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND
MORE INFORMATION The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding companies that file electronically with the SEC. We file annual,
quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available free of charge to the
public at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. We also maintain a website at investors.serverobotics.com where you can access our SEC
filings free of charge. We have filed with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-3 relating to the securities covered by this base prospectus. This base prospectus is a part of the registration statement and
does not contain all of the information in the registration statement. Other documents establishing the terms of the offered securities
are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever
a reference is made in this base prospectus to a contract or other document of ours, the reference is only a summary and you should refer
to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement for a copy of the contract or other document. You may review a copy of the
registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. 27 INCORPORATION OF
CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC and applicable law allows us to “incorporate
by reference” the information from other documents we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to those documents instead of having to repeat the information in this base prospectus. The information incorporated
by reference is considered to be part of this base prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update
and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings (including those made after
the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part and prior to the effectiveness of
such registration statement) we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act until the termination
of the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have
been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules): ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024 ; ● | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024 and August 13, 2024 , respectively; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2024 , February 7, 2024 , February 23, 2024 , March 7, 2024 , April 9, 2024 , April 18, 2024 , April 23, 2024 , April 24, 2024 , May 15, 2024 , June 3, 2024 , July 23, 2024 , July 24, 2024 , August 13, 2024 and August 28, 2024 (in each case, except for information contained therein which is furnished rather than filed); and ● | the description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 10-12G/A filed with the SEC on April 9, 2021, pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, as updated by the description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.8 to the FY 2023 Form 10-K, and including any other amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. Any statement contained in this base prospectus,
or in a document all or a portion of which is incorporated by reference, shall be modified or superseded for purposes of this base prospectus
to the extent that a statement contained in this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus
or any document incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall not,
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this base prospectus. Upon written or oral request, we will provide,
without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this base prospectus is delivered, a copy of the documents
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus but not delivered with this base prospectus. You may request a copy of these filings,
and any exhibits we have specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this base prospectus, at no cost to you by writing or
telephoning us at the following: Serve Robotics Inc. 730 Broadway Redwood City, California
94063 Attn: Brian Read, Chief Financial Officer (818) 860-1352 You may also access these documents,
free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on our website at investors.serverobotics.com. Information contained on our
website is not incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed
from, our website as part of this base prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 28 PART II INFORMATION NOT
REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other expenses of issuance and distribution The following table sets forth all expenses, other
than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in connection with this offering. All the amounts shown are estimates except
for the registration fee payable to the SEC and FINRA. SEC registration fee | $ | 29,520.00
FINRA filing fee | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Printing fees | *
Transfer agent, trustee and warrant agent fees and expenses | *
Miscellaneous fees and expenses | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees and expenses depend on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated amount of expenses of any offering of securities. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the DGCL authorizes a court to award,
or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers under certain circumstances and subject to certain
limitations. The terms of Section 145 of the DGCL are sufficiently broad to permit indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities,
including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. As permitted by the DGCL, the Registrant’s
amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the personal liability of its directors
for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except liability for the following: ● | any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Registrant or its stockholders; ● | acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; ● | under Section 174 of the DGCL (regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases); or ● | any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. We have entered into indemnification agreements
with each of our current directors and executive officers to provide these directors and executive officers additional contractual assurances
regarding the scope of the indemnification set forth in our amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws, and to provide additional procedural protections. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our
directors or executive officers for which indemnification is sought. The indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and the indemnification agreements entered into between us and each of our directors and
executive officers may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our directors and executive officers for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act. We also maintain standard insurance policies under
which coverage is provided (a) to our directors and officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach of duty or other
wrongful act, and (b) to us, with respect to payments which may be made by us to such officers and directors
pursuant to the above indemnification provision or otherwise as a matter of law. Certain of our directors are also indemnified by their
employers with regard to their service on our board of directors. II- 1 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) | The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2024, by and between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 18, 2024)
1.2* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
2.1§ | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among the Company, Serve Acquisition Corp. and Serve Robotics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023)
3.1 | Certificate of Merger relating to the merger of Serve Acquisition Corp. with and into Serve Robotics Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.1 | Form of Bridge Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.2 | Form of Bridge Broker Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.3 | Form of Placement Agent A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.4 | Form of Placement Agent B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.5 | Form of Secured Subordinated Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2024).
4.6 | Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2024).
4.7# | Common Stock Warrant, dated February 7, 2024, issued by Serve Robotics Inc. to Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
4.8 | Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024).
4.9 | Form of Underwriter’s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2024).
4.10 | Form of Network 1 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2024).
4.11 | Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024).
4.12 | Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024).
4.13 | Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
4.14 | Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
4.15 | Form of Exchange Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
4.16* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.17* | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement (including warrant certificate)
4.18* | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement (including warrant certificate)
4.19* | Form of Rights Agreement (including rights certificate)
4.20* | Form of Unit Agreement (including form of unit certificate) II- 2 4.21 | Form of Indenture
5.1 | Opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP.
10.1+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.2+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and between Euan Abraham and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.3+ | Engagement Letter, dated as of May 18, 2023, by and between AKW Financial, LLC dba Vision Accounting & Tax (VAT) and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.4+ | Parang Termination Payment Letter, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.5+ | Kashani Termination Payment Letter, dated as of September 27, 2021, by and between Ali Kashani and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.6 | Lease Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by and between Bauen Fund 2018-730, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.7§ | Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.8# | Amended and Restated Side Letter to the Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.9# | Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.10# | Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.11# | Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.12# | Amendment No. 3 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.13# | Amendment No. 4 to the Master Framework Agreement; Amendment No. 2 to Project Plan 2, dated as of June 5, 2024 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and Serve (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 7, 2024).
10.14# | Project Plan #1, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.15# | Project Plan #2, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.16# | Amendment No. 1 to Project Plan 2, dated April 25, 2024, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024).
10.17 | Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023). II- 3 10.18 | Lease Schedule No. 001R, dated December 3, 2022, to Equipment Lease Agreement dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.19 | Lease Schedule No. 002, dated December 28, 2023, to Equipment Lease Agreement dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.20#§ | Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.21§ | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.22 | First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.23 | Second Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.24 | Third Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.25 | Fourth Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2024, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, the Company and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.26 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.27 | Form of Pre-Merger Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.28 | Subscription Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.29 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.30+ | 2021 Stock Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.31+ | 2023 Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.32#§ | Master Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.33# | Statement of Work, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.34 | License and Services Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2024 and effective as of February 20, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024).
10.35+ | Serve Robotics Inc. Outside Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.36+§ | Offer Letter, dated March 24, 2024, by and between Brian Read and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024). II- 4 10.37§ | First Amendment to the Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2024, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024).
10.38§# | Second Amendment to the Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2024, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024).
10.39 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024).
10.40 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by the Company and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024).
10.41 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
10.42 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by the Company and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
10.43# | First Amendment to Lease, dated September 4, 2024, by and between Bauen Fund 2018-730, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on September 5, 2024).
10.44# | Statement of Work, dated as of September 23, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co.
21.1 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
23.1 | Consent of dbbmckennon, independent registered public accounting firm.
23.2 | Consent of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of the initial filing of the Registration Statement)
25.1 † | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility under Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of Debt Trustee (to be filed prior to any issuance of Debt Securities)
107 | Calculation of Filing Fee * | To be filed by amendment or by a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. + | Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. # | Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally copies of the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request. § | Certain exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. † | To be filed in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II- 5 Item 17. Undertakings (a) The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file,
during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To
include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) To
reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume
and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To
include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any
material change to such information in the registration statement, Provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i),
(a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs
is contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b) that is part of the Registration Statement. (2) That,
for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to
be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove
from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination
of the offering. (4) That,
for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) Each
prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each
prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information
required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the
earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities
in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is
at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities
in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be
the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part
of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or
prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective
date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement
or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. II- 6 (5) That,
for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the
securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this
registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered
or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser
and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any
preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any
free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the
undersigned registrant; (iii) The
portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any
other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) That,
for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof. (7) That,
insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons
of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim
for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer
or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the
matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification
by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (8) To file
an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the
Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture
Act. II- 7 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for
filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Redwood City, State of California, on the 27th day of September, 2024. SERVE ROBOTICS INC.
By: | /s/ Ali Kashani
Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang as his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, each acting alone, with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act
on, sign, and file with the SEC any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement together with
all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file such certificates, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be
necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, (iii) act on and file any supplement to any prospectus included in this registration
statement or any such amendment or any subsequent registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, and (iv)
take any and all actions which may be necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact or any of his substitutes may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each person whose signature
appears below has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and as of the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Ali Kashani | Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors | September 27, 2024
Ali Kashani | ( principal executive officer )
/s/ Touraj Parang | President and Chief Operating Officer and Director | September 27, 2024
Touraj Parang
/s/ Brian Read | Chief Financial Officer | September 27, 2024
Brian Read | ( principal financial and accounting officer )
/s/ David Goldberg | Director | September 27, 2024
David Goldberg
/s/ James Buckly Jordan | Director | September 27, 2024
James Buckly Jordan
/s/ Sarfraz Maredia | Director | September 27, 2024
Sarfraz Maredia
/s/ Olivier Vincent | Director | September 27, 2024
Olivier Vincent II-8