S-3 1 ea0233210-s3_serve.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2025 Registration No. 333- united
states SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SERVE
ROBOTICS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 85-3844872
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 730 Broadway Redwood City, CA 94063 (818) 860-1352 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer 730 Broadway Redwood City, California
94063 (818) 860-1352 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) Copy to: Albert Vanderlaan, Esq. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 222 Berkeley St., Suite 2000 Boston, MA 02116 (617) 880-2219 | Evan Dunn General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 730 Broadway Redwood City, California 94063 (818) 860-1352 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement as determined by the registrant. If the only securities being registered on this
Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this
Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities
offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant
to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a
registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities
pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to
said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement contains: ● | a base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to $300,000,000 in the aggregate of the registrant’s common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and/or units; and ● | a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to $150,000,000 of the registrant’s common stock that may be issued and sold under a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the “sales agreement”), entered into with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Wedbush Securities Inc., Northland Securities, Inc., Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. and Seaport Global Securities LLC (each an “Agent” and collectively, the “Agents”). The base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory
note. The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the base prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement
to the base prospectus. The specific terms of the securities to be issued and sold under the sales agreement are specified in the sales
agreement prospectus that immediately follows the base prospectus. The $150,000,000 of our common stock that may be offered, issued and
sold under the sales agreement prospectus is included in the $300,000,000 of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by the registrant
pursuant to this registration statement. Upon termination of the sales agreement with the Agents any portion of the $150,000,000 included
in the sales agreement prospectus that is not sold pursuant to the sales agreement will be available for sale in other offerings pursuant
to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement, and if no shares are sold under the sales agreement, the full $150,000,000
of securities may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement. The information in this
base prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This base prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and we are not soliciting
offers to buy these securities, in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 6, 2025 PROSPECTUS $300,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Rights Units From time to time, we may offer and sell, in one
or more offerings, in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of any such offering, common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, warrants or rights, either individually or in units, with a total value of up to $300,000,000. This base prospectus describes some of the general
terms that may apply to these securities. Each time securities are sold, the specific terms and amounts of the securities being offered,
and any other information relating to the specific offering will be set forth in a supplement to this base prospectus. We may also
authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and
any related free writing prospectus may also supplement, update or amend information contained in this base prospectus. You should read
this base prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated
by reference, before you invest in any of the securities being offered. THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED TO OFFER
AND SELL SECURITIES UNLESS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol “SERV.” On March 4, 2025, the last reported sale price of the common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market was
$8.40 per share. We may offer the securities from time to time in
amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of offering. We may offer and sell the securities directly to you, through agents
we select or through underwriters and dealers we select on a continuous or delayed basis. The accompanying prospectus supplement will
provide the specific terms of the plan of distribution. If we use agents, underwriters or dealers to sell the securities, we will name
them and describe their compensation in the prospectus supplement. The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds we
expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in the prospectus supplement. We are an “emerging growth company”
and a “smaller reporting company” under federal securities laws and, as such, are subject to reduced public company reporting
requirements. See “Prospectus Summary—Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company.” Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the risk factors described in this base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus
supplement, any related free writing prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference into this base prospectus. See “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 4. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this base prospectus is truthful
or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this base prospectus is ,
2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS BASE PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 4
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 7
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR CAPITAL STOCK | 8
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 12
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 21
DESCRIPTION OF RIGHTS | 23
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 24
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 25
LEGAL MATTERS | 27
EXPERTS | 27
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 27
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE | 28 We are responsible for the information contained
and incorporated by reference in this base prospectus, in any accompanying prospectus supplement, and in any related free writing prospectus
we prepare or authorize. We have not authorized anyone to give you any other information, and we take no responsibility for any other
information that others may give you. If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to sell, or solicitations of offers to purchase, the securities
offered by this documentation are unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the
offer presented in this document does not extend to you. The information contained in this document speaks only as of the date of this
document, unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies. Neither the delivery of this base prospectus or any
accompanying prospectus supplement, nor any sale of securities made under these documents, will, under any circumstances, create any implication
that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement or any free
writing prospectus we may provide you in connection with an offering or that the information contained or incorporated by reference is
correct as of any time subsequent to the date of such information. You should assume that the information in this base prospectus or any
accompanying prospectus supplement, as well as the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus or any accompanying prospectus
supplement, is accurate only as of the date of the documents containing the information, unless the information specifically indicates
that another date applies. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. i ABOUT
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS This base prospectus is part of a registration
statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using a “shelf” registration
process. Under this shelf registration process, we may, from time to time, issue and sell to the public any part of the securities described
in this base prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of $300,000,000. This base prospectus provides you with a general
description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell a type or series of securities under this base prospectus, we will provide
a prospectus supplement containing specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing
prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings and securities. The prospectus supplement
and any free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information in this base prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference
in this base prospectus. To the extent that any statement that we make in a prospectus supplement is inconsistent with statements made
in this base prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference in this base prospectus, the statements made or incorporated by reference
in this base prospectus will be deemed modified or superseded by those made in the prospectus supplement. We urge you to carefully read
this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, together with the information incorporated
herein by reference as described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain
Documents by Reference” before buying any of the securities being offered. The registration statement containing this base
prospectus, including exhibits to the registration statement, provides additional information about us and the securities offered under
this base prospectus. The registration statement can be read at the SEC’s website under the heading “Where You Can Find More
Information.” This base prospectus incorporates by reference,
and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics
and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these
sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this
information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this base prospectus,
any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties
and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in
this base prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other
documents that are incorporated by reference into this base prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this
information. We own various U.S. federal trademark registrations
and applications and unregistered trademarks, including our corporate logo. This base prospectus and the information incorporated herein
by reference contains references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience,
trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this base prospectus and the information incorporated herein, including logos,
artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to
indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable
licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names,
service marks or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. All trademarks,
service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or
any related free writing prospectus are the property of their respective owners. ii PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This summary description about us and our business
highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this base prospectus or incorporated in this base prospectus by reference. This
summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you and your investment decision. Therefore, before making your
investment decision, you should carefully read this base prospectus, including any applicable prospectus supplements and any applicable
free writing prospectus, together with the additional information described under the headings “Where You Can Find More Information”
and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference.” All references to “Serve” refer to Serve Operating Co.
(formerly known as Serve Robotics Inc.), a privately held Delaware corporation and our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary. Unless otherwise
stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us”
or similar terms refer to Serve Robotics Inc. (formerly named Patricia Acquisition Corp.) together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Serve.
Serve holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of Serve Robotics Inc. About Serve Robotics Inc. We are shaping the future of sustainable, self-driving
delivery. We design, develop and operate low-emissions robots on our AI-powered robotics mobility platform, that serve people in public
spaces, starting with food delivery. Starting in 2017, our core technology was developed by our co-founders and a majority of our product
and engineering team in San Francisco, California as a special project within Postmates Inc. (“Postmates”), one of the pioneering
food delivery startups in the United States. By the end of 2020, the team had developed a fleet of sidewalk robots that had successfully
performed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates
was acquired by Uber Technologies, Inc. (“Uber”) in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to
contribute the intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating to this project. In return for this contribution and an
investment of cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity interest in our business. As of December 31, 2024, Serve’s fleet consisted
of over 100 robots. We plan to deploy 2,000 robots by the end of 2025. We have platform-level integrations with Uber Eats, which means
Serve robots can provide real-time presence and status updates on those platforms and receive requests to perform deliveries with respect
to customer orders placed on those platforms as needed Because Serve started within a food delivery company,
our team comes with a depth of expertise in food delivery. Additionally, the engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation
and robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Instacart, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc., Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc.,
GoDaddy Inc., and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food
delivery. Based on our proprietary historical delivery data,
approximately half of all delivery distances in the United States are less than 2.5 miles and well-suited to delivery by sidewalk robots.
We provide a robotic delivery experience that delights customers, improves reliability for merchants and reduces traffic congestion and
vehicle emissions. Moreover, at scale we expect our robots will complete deliveries at lower cost than human couriers, making on-demand
delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in which we operate. By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by reducing the
cost of last-mile transportation, Serve aims to reshape cities into sustainable, safe, and people-friendly environments, with thriving
local economies. 1 Additional details of our programs are contained
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Corporate Information We were incorporated in the State of Delaware as Patricia Acquisition Corp. on November 9, 2020. On July 31, 2023, Serve Acquisition Corp.
merged with and into Serve (the “Merger”). Following the Merger, Serve was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned
subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted into shares of our common stock. The business of Serve became our
business as a result of the Merger. Following the consummation of the Merger, Serve changed its name to “Serve Operating Co.”
and we changed our name to “Serve Robotics Inc.” Prior to the Merger, Patricia Acquisition Corp.
was a “shell” company registered under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), with no specific
business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Serve following the closing of the Merger. Our principal executive offices are located at
730 Broadway, Redwood City, California 94063. Our telephone number is (818) 860-1352. Our website address is http://www.serverobotics.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. Securities We May Offer We may offer shares of common stock, shares of
preferred stock, debt securities, warrants or rights, either individually or in units, with a total value of up to $300,000,000 from time
to time under this base prospectus at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of the offering. Our common
stock currently is quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SERV.” Shares of common stock that may be offered
in this offering will, when issued and paid for, be fully paid and non-assessable. We refer to our common stock, preferred stock,
debt securities, warrants, rights and units in this base prospectus as “securities.” This base prospectus provides you with
a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer a type or series of securities, we will provide a prospectus
supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities, as described below under “Plan
of Distribution.” Use of Proceeds We will retain broad discretion over the use of
the net proceeds to us from the sale of our securities under this base prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated in one or more prospectus
supplements to this base prospectus, we anticipate the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this base prospectus and any
applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise of any convertible securities,
if any, will be used for general corporate purposes; however, we do not currently have any specific uses of the net proceeds planned. 2 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller
Reporting Company We qualify as an “emerging growth company”
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS Act”). An “emerging growth company”
may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but
are not limited to: ● | being permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” disclosure in our periodic reports and registration statements; ● | not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may use these provisions until December 31,
2028, which is the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective
registration statement in 2023. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of such five-year period, including if we become a “large
accelerated filer,” our annual gross revenues exceed $1.235 billion or we issue more than $1.00 billion of non-convertible debt
in any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five-year period. We have elected to take advantage of certain of
the reduced disclosure obligations in the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and may elect to take advantage of
other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different
than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company
can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, until those standards apply
to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period and, therefore, we will not
be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Our financial
statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the
date that we are no longer an emerging growth company or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that
applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date
on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. We are also a “smaller reporting company,”
meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million and our annual revenue is less than $100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our
stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than $100 million during the most recently completed
fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company
at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that
are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most
recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller
reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 3 RISK
FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. Before you invest in our securities, in addition to the other information, documents or reports incorporated by reference in
this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement or other offering materials, you should carefully consider the risk factors in this
section, the section entitled “Risk Factors” in any prospectus supplement as well as our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K,
and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed subsequent to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are incorporated by reference
into this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement in their entirety, as the same may be amended, supplemented or superseded from
time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future. Each of the risks described in these sections and documents could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could result in a partial or complete
loss of your investment. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” 4 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION This base prospectus, each prospectus supplement
and the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus and each prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated in this base prospectus regarding our strategy,
future operations, financial position, future revenues, projected costs, projected timelines, prospects, plans and objectives of management
are forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “should,”
“could,” “potentially,” “possibility,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,”
“will,” “estimate,” “project,” “expect” and similar expressions and variations thereof
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of such statements. Those statements appear in this
base prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, particularly in
the sections entitled “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” and include statements regarding the intent, belief
or current expectations of the company and management that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. This base prospectus, any prospectus supplement
and the information incorporated by reference in this base prospectus and any prospectus supplement also contain statements that are based
on the current expectations of the company and management. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors. Because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur
and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we
do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein after we distribute this base prospectus, whether
as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. You should also carefully consider other information set forth in reports
or other documents that we file with the SEC. 5 USE
OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in one or more supplements
to this base prospectus, we anticipate the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this base prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise of any convertible securities, if any,
will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include research and development activities, capital expenditures, selling, general
and administrative costs, facilities expansion, and to meet working capital needs. We expect from time to time to evaluate the acquisition
of businesses, products and technologies for which a portion of the net proceeds may be used, although we currently are not planning or
negotiating any such transactions. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in investment grade interest-bearing securities. The amounts actually expended for each purpose
may vary significantly depending upon numerous factors, including the amount and timing of the proceeds from this offering and progress
with the commercial development of our products as well as our clinical development programs and product candidates. Expenditures will
also depend upon the establishment of collaborative arrangements with other companies, the availability of additional financing and other
factors. As a result, unless otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, our management will have broad discretion to allocate the
net proceeds we receive from the sale of the securities offered by this base prospectus, and from the exercise price from the exercise
of any convertible securities, if any, and investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the
net proceeds. Investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the proceeds of any sale of securities. 6 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description summarizes the most important
terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you and the
descriptions herein are qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws.
For a complete description, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. We have authorized capital stock consisting of
300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of March 4, 2025, we had 56,918,226 shares of
common stock outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Unless stated otherwise, the following discussion summarizes
the term and provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. Common Stock Dividend Rights Subject to applicable law and the rights and preferences,
if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends
if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board
of directors may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. Voting Rights Holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, holders
of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate
of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred
stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other
such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the amended and restated certificate (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, divided into three classes with staggered
three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing
for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. No Preemptive or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive
rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to any holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences,
if any, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common
stock. Transfer Agent and Registrar for Common Stock The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent’s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number
is (212) 828-8436. Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized, subject to
limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without
further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease
the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding or above the
total number of authorized shares of the class, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may, without
stockholder approval, authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in our control or the removal of existing management and might adversely affect the market price of our
common stock. 7 ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR CAPITAL STOCK Anti-Takeover Provisions The provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws following the
Merger could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company by means of a
tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, which are summarized below,
are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to
acquire control of our Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of
our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to
acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions may delay,
deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us that a stockholder might consider is in their best interest or in our best interests, including
transactions that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock. Section 203 of the DGCL We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a
“business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner as summarized below. Under Section
203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following
conditions: ● | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; ● | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or ● | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. ● | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; ● | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and ● | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 8 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder
as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated
with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and
Restated Bylaw Provisions Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying
or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of directors or our governance or policy, including the
following: ● | Board Vacancies. Our amended and restated bylaws and certificate of incorporation provide, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, that any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders, unless (a) the board of directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will hold office until the expiration of the term of the class for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. In addition, the number of directors constituting the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (the “Whole Board”) is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the board of directors, but promotes continuity of management. ● | Classified Board. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. See the section titled “Classified Board of Directors” for additional information. ● | Directors Removed Only for Cause. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that stockholders may remove directors only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ● | Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provide that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, required to amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws, although our amended and restated bylaws may be amended by the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. ● | Securityholder Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, our chief executive officer or the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. 9 ● | Advance Notice Requirements for Securityholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. ● | No Cumulative Voting. The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting. ● | Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. ● | Choice of Forum. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of ours; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising out of or pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply or determine the validity of, any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (e) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, such forum selection provisions will not apply to actions, suits or proceedings brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 10 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. As noted above,
the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will have exclusive
jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As noted above, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the choice of forum provision does not
apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum selection provisions
in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees,
which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find
the choice of forum provisions contained in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers The amended and restated bylaws provide that our
directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by us to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL as it
now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors
and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors
or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. The amended and restated bylaws also permit us
to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or agent of ours for any liability arising out of his
or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. These provisions may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or
otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. 11 DESCRIPTION
OF DEBT SECURITIES We may issue debt securities from time to time,
in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized
below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this base prospectus, we will describe the particular terms
of any debt securities that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any debt securities offered
under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the
indenture, we also are referring to any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue the debt securities under one or
more separate indentures that we will enter into with the trustee named in the indenture. The indenture will be qualified under the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We have filed a form of indenture under which debt securities may be issued
from time to time as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and
forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement
of which this base prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The following summary of material provisions of
the debt securities and the indenture is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture
applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplements and any related free writing
prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this base prospectus, as well as the complete indenture that contains
the terms of the debt securities. The debt securities will represent unsecured general
obligations of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the applicable offering material. General The indenture does not limit the amount of debt
securities that we may issue. It provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount that we may authorize and may be
in any currency or currency unit that we may designate. The prospectus supplement, documents incorporated by reference, or free writing
prospectus with respect to any debt securities will set forth the following terms of the debt securities offered pursuant thereto as applicable: ● | the title and series of such debt securities; ● | the principal amount being offered; ● | the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding as of the most recent practicable date; ● | any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of such debt securities of such series; ● | whether such debt securities will be in global or other form; the date or dates and method or methods by which principal and any premium on such debt securities is payable; ● | the interest rate or rates (or method by which such rate will be determined), if any; ● | the dates on which any such interest will start accruing, become payable, record dates for interest payments and the method of payment; ● | whether and under what circumstances any additional amounts are payable with respect to such debt securities; 12 ● | the notice, if any, to holders of such debt securities regarding the determination of interest on a floating rate debt security; ● | the basis upon which interest on such debt securities shall be calculated, if other than that of a 360 day year of twelve 30-day months; ● | the place or places where the principal of and interest or additional amounts, if any, on such debt securities will be payable; ● | any redemption or sinking fund provisions, or the terms of any repurchase at the option of the holder of the debt securities; the denominations of such debt securities, if other than $1,000 and integral multiples thereof; ● | any rights of the holders of such debt securities to convert the debt securities into and/or exchange the debt securities for, other securities, cash or other property; ● | the terms, if any, on which payment of principal or any premium, interest or additional amounts on such debt securities will be payable in a currency other than U.S. dollars; ● | the terms, if any, by which the amount of payments of principal or any premium, interest or additional amounts on such debt securities may be determined by reference to an index, formula, financial or economic measure or other methods; ● | if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that will be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or the method by which such portion is to be determined; ● | any events of default or covenants in addition to or in lieu of those described herein and remedies therefor; ● | whether such debt securities will be subject to defeasance or covenant defeasance; ● | the terms, if any, upon which such debt securities are to be issuable upon the exercise of warrants, units or rights; ● | name of any trustees and any authenticating or paying agents or registrars or depositaries or any other agents with respect to such debt securities; whether the debt securities rank as senior debt, senior subordinated debt, subordinated debt or any combination thereof, and the terms of any subordination; ● | whether such debt securities will be guaranteed and the terms thereof; ● | whether such debt securities will be secured by collateral and the terms of such security; and ● | any other specific terms of such debt securities and any other deletions from or additions to or modifications of the indenture with respect to such debt securities. Debt securities may be presented for exchange,
conversion or transfer in the manner, at the places and subject to the restrictions set forth in the debt securities and the applicable
offering material. Such services will be provided without charge, other than any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection
therewith, but subject to the limitations provided in the indenture. The indenture does not contain any covenant or
other specific provision affording protection to holders of the debt securities in the event of a highly leveraged transaction or a change
in control of the Company, except to the limited extent described below under “- Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets.” 13 Modification and Waiver The indenture provides that supplements to the
indenture may be made by the Company and the trustee for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating
any of the provisions of the indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the holders of debt securities of a series under the
indenture or the debt securities of such series, with the consent of the holders of a majority (or such greater amount as is provided
for a particular series of debt securities) in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities issued under such indenture that are
affected by the supplemental indenture, voting as a single class; provided that no such supplemental indenture may, without the consent
of the holder of each such debt security affected thereby, among other things: (a) | change the stated maturity of the principal of, or any premium, interest or additional amounts on, such debt securities, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or any additional amounts thereon, or reduce any premium payable upon the redemption thereof or otherwise, or change the obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to the indenture, or reduce the amount of the principal of debt securities issued with original issue discount that would be due and payable upon an acceleration of the maturity thereof or the amount thereof provable in bankruptcy, or change the redemption provisions or adversely affect the right of repayment at the option of the holder, or change the place of payment or currency in which the principal of, or any premium, interest or additional amounts with respect to any debt security is payable, or impair the right of any holder of debt securities to institute suit for the payment after such payment is due (or, in the case of redemption, on or after such redemption date or, in the case of repayment at the option of the holder, on or after such payment is due); (b) | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose holders is required for any waiver provided for in the indenture, or reduce the requirements for quorum or voting; (c) | modify any of the provisions of the sections of such indenture relating to supplemental indentures with the consent of the holders, waivers of past or existing defaults or waivers of certain covenants, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of such indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of each holder affected thereby; or (d) | make any change that adversely affects the right to convert or exchange any security into or for common stock or other securities, cash or other property in accordance with the terms of the applicable debt security. The indenture provides that a supplemental indenture
that changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of the indenture that has expressly been included solely for the benefit of
one or more particular series of debt securities, or that modifies the rights of the holders of such series with respect to such covenant
or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under the indenture of the holders of debt securities of any other series. The indenture provides that the Company and the
trustee may, without the consent of the holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder, enter into additional supplemental
indentures for one of the following purposes: (a) | to evidence the succession of another corporation to the Company and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company in such indenture and in the debt securities issued thereunder; (b) | to add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder or to surrender any right or power conferred on the Company pursuant to the indenture; 14 (c) | to establish the form and terms of debt securities issued thereunder; (d) | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of an appointment of a successor trustee under such indenture with respect to one or more series of debt securities issued thereunder and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture as necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts under such indenture by more than one trustee pursuant to the indenture; (e) | to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision in the indenture that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision of the indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under such indenture; provided that no such action pursuant to this clause (e) shall adversely affect the interests of the holders of any series of outstanding debt securities issued thereunder in any material respect; (f) | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of securities under the indenture; (g) | to add any additional events of default with respect to all or any series of debt securities (as shall be specified in such supplemental indenture); (h) | to supplement any of the provisions of the indenture as may be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of debt securities, provided that such action does not adversely affect the interests of any holder of an outstanding debt security of such series or any other security in any material respect; (i) | to make provisions with respect to the conversion or exchange rights of holders of debt securities of any series; (j) | to add guarantees in respect of the debt securities of one or more series and to provide for the terms and conditions of release thereof; (k) | to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge to the trustee as security for the debt securities of any series any property or assets; (l) | to change or eliminate any of the provisions of the indenture, provided that any such change or elimination become effective only when there is no security of any series outstanding created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture which is entitled to the benefit of such provision; (m) | to provide for certificated securities in addition to or in place of global securities; (n) | to qualify such indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended; (o) | with respect to the debt securities of any series, to conform the text of the indenture or the debt securities of such series to any provision of the description thereof in the Company’s offering memorandum or prospectus relating to the initial offering of such debt securities, to the extent that such provision, in the good faith judgment of the Company, was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the indenture or such securities; or (p) | to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of holders of any series of debt securities issued thereunder in any material respect. 15 Events of Default Unless otherwise provided in any applicable prospectus
supplement, documents incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus, the following will be events of default under the indenture
with respect to each series of debt securities issued thereunder: (a) | default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on, or any additional amount in respect of, any series of debt securities; (b) | default in the payment of principal of or any premium on any series of the debt securities outstanding under the indenture when due and payable; (c) | default in the deposit, if any, of any sinking fund payment when and as due by the terms of any debt security of such series, subject to any cure period that may be specified in any debt security of such series; (d) | failure by the Company for 60 days after receipt by written notice from the trustee upon instruction from holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the debt securities outstanding of such series to observe or perform any of the other covenants or agreements in the indenture and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” pursuant to the indenture; provided, that if such failure cannot be cured within such 60-day period, such period shall be automatically extended by another 60 days so long as (i) such failure is subject to cure and (ii) the Company is using commercially reasonable efforts to cure such failure; and provided, further, that a failure to comply with any such other agreement in the indenture that results from a change in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles shall not be deemed to be an event of default; (e) | certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar action of the Company; and (f) | any other event of default provided in the indenture with respect to a particular series of debt securities, provided that any such event of default that results from a change in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles shall not be deemed to be an event of default. In case an event of default specified in clause
(a) or (b) above shall occur and be continuing with respect to any series of debt securities, holders of at least 25%, and in case an
event of default specified in any clause other than clause (a), (b) or (e) above shall occur and be continuing with respect to any series
of debt securities, holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of such series then outstanding
may declare the principal (or, in the case of discounted debt securities, the amount specified in the terms thereof) of such series to
be due and payable. If an event of default described in (e) above shall occur and be continuing then the principal amount (or, in the
case of discounted debt securities, the amount specified in the terms thereof) of all the debt securities outstanding shall be and become
due and payable immediately, without notice or other action by any holder or the trustee, to the full extent permitted by law. Any past
or existing default or event of default with respect to particular series of debt securities under such indenture may be waived by the
holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, except in each case a continuing
default (1) in the payment of the principal of, any premium or interest on, or any additional amounts with respect to, any debt security
of such series, or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder affected
thereby. The indenture provides that the Company must periodically
furnish the trustee with a written statement as to the Company’s compliance with the covenants contained in the indenture and as
to the absence of default under the indenture terms. The indenture provides that the trustee may withhold
notice to the holders of any default with respect to any series of debt securities (except in payment of principal of or interest or premium
on, or sinking fund payment in respect of, the debt securities) if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee or a
trust committee of directors of the trustee and/or responsible officers of the trustee in good faith determine that the withholding of
such notice is in the best interest of the holders of securities of such series. The indenture contains a provision entitling the
trustee to be indemnified by the holders before proceeding to exercise any trust or power under the indenture at the request of such holders.
The indenture provides that the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of any series
may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceedings for any remedy available to the trustee or of exercising any trust
or power conferred upon the trustee with respect to the debt securities of such series; provided, however, that the trustee may decline
to follow any such direction if, among other reasons, the trustee determines in good faith that the actions or proceedings as directed
may not lawfully be taken or would be unduly prejudicial to the holders of the debt securities of such series not joining in such direction.
The right of a holder to institute a proceeding with respect to a series of debt securities will be subject to certain conditions precedent
including, without limitation, that in case of an event of default specified in clause (a), (b) or (e) of the first paragraph above under
“- Events of Default,” holders of at least 25%, or in case of an event of default other than specified in clause (a), (b)
or (e) of the first paragraph above under “- Events of Default”, holders of at least a majority, in aggregate principal amount
of the debt securities of such series then outstanding make a written request upon the trustee to exercise its powers under such indenture,
indemnify the trustee and afford the trustee reasonable opportunity to act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holder has an absolute
right to receipt of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest when due on the debt securities, to require conversion of debt securities
if such indenture provides for convertibility at the option of the holder and to institute suit for the enforcement thereof. 16 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets The indenture provides that the Company may not
directly or indirectly consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of its assets and properties and the assets and properties of its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to another person
in one or more related transactions unless the successor person is a person organized under the laws of any domestic jurisdiction and
assumes the Company’s obligations on the debt securities issued thereunder, and under the indenture, and after giving effect thereto
no event of default, and no event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, shall have occurred and
be continuing, and that certain other conditions are met. Certain Covenants Payment of Principal, any Premium, Interest
or Additional Amounts . The Company will duly and punctually pay the principal of, and premium and interest on or any additional amounts
payable with respect to, any debt securities of any series in accordance with their terms. Maintenance of Office or Agency . The Company
will be required to maintain an office or agency in each place of payment for each series of debt securities for notice and demand purposes
and for the purposes of presenting or surrendering debt securities for payment, registration of transfer, or exchange. Reports . So long as any debt securities
of a particular series are outstanding under the indenture, the Company will file with the trustee, within 30 days after the Company has
filed the same with the SEC, unless such reports are available on the SEC’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor thereto), copies
of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC
may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company may be required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; or, if the Company is not required to file information, documents or reports pursuant to either
of said Sections, then it shall file with the trustee and the SEC, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time
by the SEC, such of the supplementary and periodic information, documents and reports which may be required pursuant to Section 13 of
the Exchange Act in respect of a security listed and registered on a national securities exchange as may be prescribed from time to time
in such rules and regulations. Additional Covenants . Any additional covenants
of the Company with respect to any series of debt securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, documents incorporated
by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Conversion Rights The terms and conditions, if any, upon which the
debt securities are convertible into common stock or preferred stock will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, documents
incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Such terms will include the conversion price (or manner of calculation
thereof), the conversion period, provisions as to whether conversion will be at the option of the holders or the Company, the events requiring
an adjustment of the conversion price and provisions affecting conversion in the event of redemption of such debt securities and any restrictions
on conversion. 17 Redemption; Repurchase at the Option of the Holder; Sinking Fund The terms and conditions, if any, upon which (a)
the debt securities are redeemable at the option of the Company, (b) the holder of debt securities may cause the Company to repurchase
such debt securities or (c) the debt securities are subject to any sinking fund will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
documents incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus relating thereto. Repurchases on the Open Market The Company or any affiliate of the Company may
at any time or from time to time repurchase any debt security in the open market or otherwise. Such debt securities may, at the option
of the Company or the relevant affiliate of the Company, be held, resold or surrendered to the trustee for cancellation. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance The indenture provides, with respect to each series
of debt securities issued thereunder, that the Company may satisfy and discharge its obligations under such debt securities of a series
and such indenture with respect to debt securities of such series if: (a) | all debt securities of such series previously authenticated and delivered, with certain exceptions, have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or (b) i. | the debt securities of such series have become due and payable, or mature within one year, or all of them are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the trustee for giving the notice of redemption and the Company irrevocably deposits in trust with the trustee, as trust funds solely for the benefit of the holders of such debt securities, for that purpose, money or governmental obligations or a combination thereof sufficient (in the opinion of a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the trustee) to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the debt securities of such series to maturity or redemption, as the case may be, and pays all other sums payable by it under such indenture; and ii. | the Company delivers to the trustee an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for in such indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of such indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series have been complied with. Notwithstanding such satisfaction and discharge,
the obligations of the Company to compensate and indemnify the trustee, to pay additional amounts, if any, in respect of debt securities
in certain circumstances and to convert or exchange debt securities pursuant to the terms thereof and the obligations of the Company and
the trustee to hold funds in trust and to apply such funds pursuant to the terms of the indenture, with respect to issuing temporary debt
securities, with respect to the registration, transfer and exchange of debt securities, with respect to the replacement of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and with respect to the maintenance of an office or agency for payment, shall in each case survive
such satisfaction and discharge. 18 Unless inapplicable to debt securities of a series
pursuant to the terms thereof, the indenture provides that (i) the Company will be deemed to have paid and will be discharged from any
and all obligations in respect of the debt securities issued thereunder of any series, and the provisions of such indenture will, except
as noted below, no longer be in effect with respect to the debt securities of such series (“defeasance”) and (ii) (1) the
Company may omit to comply with the covenant under “- Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets” and any other additional covenants
established pursuant to the terms of such series, and such omission shall be deemed not to be an event of default under clause (d) or
(f) of the first paragraph of “- Events of Default” and (2) the occurrence of any event described in clause (f) of
the first paragraph of “- Events of Default” shall not be deemed to be an event of default, in each case with respect
to the outstanding debt securities of such series ((1) and (2) of this clause (ii), “covenant defeasance”); provided that
the following conditions shall have been satisfied with respect to such series: (a) | the Company has irrevocably deposited in trust with the trustee as trust funds solely for the benefit of the holders of the debt securities of such series, for payment of the principal of and interest of the debt securities of such series, money or government obligations or a combination thereof sufficient (in the opinion of a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the trustee) without consideration of any reinvestment to pay and discharge the principal of and accrued interest on the outstanding debt securities of such series to maturity or earlier redemption, as the case may be; (b) | such defeasance or covenant defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, such indenture or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; (c) | no event of default or event which with notice or lapse of time would become an event of default with respect to such debt securities of such series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (d) | the Company shall have delivered to such trustee an opinion of counsel as described in the indenture to the effect that the holders of the debt securities of such series will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the Company’s exercise of its option under this provision of such indenture and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and defeasance or covenant defeasance had not occurred; (e) | the Company has delivered to the trustee an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for in such indenture relating to the defeasance contemplated have been complied with; (f) | if the debt securities are to be redeemed prior to their maturity, notice of such redemption shall have been duly given or in another manner satisfactory to the trustee; and (g) | any such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall comply with any additional or substitute terms provided for by the terms of such debt securities of such series. 19 Notwithstanding a defeasance or covenant defeasance,
the Company’s obligations with respect to the following in respect of debt securities of such series will survive with respect to
such securities until otherwise terminated or discharged under the terms of the indenture or no debt securities of such series are outstanding: (a) | the rights of holders of outstanding debt securities of such series to receive payments in respect of the principal of, interest on or premium or additional amounts, if any, payable in respect of, such debt securities when such payments are due from the trust referred in clause (a) in the preceding paragraph, and any rights of such holder to convert or exchange such debt securities into common stock or other securities, cash or other property; (b) | the issuance of temporary debt securities, the registration, transfer and exchange of debt securities, the replacement of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and holding payments in trust, and the Company’s obligations with respect to the payment of additional amounts, if any, on such securities, and with respect to any rights to convert or exchange such securities into common stock or other securities, cash or other property; (c) | the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the trustee, and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith; and (d) | the defeasance or covenant defeasance provisions of the indenture. Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee, other than during the occurrence and
continuance of an event of default under the indenture, undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the indenture.
Upon an event of default under the indenture, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use under
the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision and certain other limitations, the trustee is under
no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indenture at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered
indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might incur. Applicable Law The indenture provides that the debt securities
and the indenture will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the
Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 20 DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional
information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that
we may offer under this base prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below
will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail
in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms
described below. The following summary description, together with
the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements does not purport to be complete and is subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the form of warrant agreement and form of warrant certificate relating to each series of
warrants that will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this base prospectus or as an
exhibit to a current report on Form 8-K if we offer warrants. General We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement
the terms of the series of warrants, including: ● | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; ● | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; ● | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; ● | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; ● | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock, the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; ● | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants; ● | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants, including whether the right to convert or purchase the securities may be forfeited unless exercised before the date specified in a notice of the redemption or call; ● | kinds, frequency and timing of notice of the redemption or call, including the cities or newspapers where notice will be published; ● | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; ● | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; ● | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified; ● | federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; ● | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; 21 ● | provisions for the warrants to be held in book entry form; and ● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. Before exercising their warrants, holders of warrants
will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities purchasable upon such exercise, including the right to receive dividends,
if any, or payments upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise of Warrants Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase
the securities that we specify in the applicable prospectus supplement at the exercise price that we describe in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants at
any time up to 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time on the expiration date that we set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the
close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. Holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants
by delivering the warrant certificate representing the warrants to be exercised together with specified information, and paying the required
amount to the warrant agent in immediately available funds, as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will set forth on
the reverse side of the warrant certificate and in the applicable prospectus supplement the information that the holder of the warrant
will be required to deliver to the warrant agent. Upon receipt of the required payment and the warrant
certificate properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the
applicable prospectus supplement, we will issue and deliver the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If fewer than all of the warrants
represented by the warrant certificate are exercised, then we will issue a new warrant certificate for the remaining amount of warrants.
If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may surrender securities as all or part of the exercise
price for warrants. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Warrants Any warrant agent will act solely as our agent
under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant.
A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility
in case of any default by us under the applicable warrant agreement or warrant, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings
at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the
holder of any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise
of, its warrants. Outstanding Warrants As of March 4, 2025, there were warrants outstanding
to purchase up to a total of 2,170,789 shares of our common stock. 22 DESCRIPTION
OF RIGHTS The following description, together with the additional
information we include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the rights that we may
offer under this prospectus, which consist of rights to purchase our common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more
series. Rights may be offered independently or together with our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and/or warrants offered
by any prospectus supplement and may be attached to or separate from those securities. While the terms we have summarized below will generally
apply to any future rights we may offer pursuant to this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any rights that we may offer
in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplements. The terms of any rights we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from
the terms we describe below. General The applicable prospectus supplements relating
to any rights that we offer will include specific terms of any offering of rights for which this prospectus is being delivered, including
the following, to the extent applicable: ● | the date for determining the persons entitled to participate in the rights distribution; ● | the price, if any, per right; ● | the exercise price payable for each share of common stock, share of preferred stock or debt security upon the exercise of the rights; ● | the number of rights issued or to be issued to each holder; ● | the number and terms of the shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock or debt securities that may be purchased per each right; ● | the extent to which the rights are transferable; ● | any other terms of the rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the rights; ● | the respective dates on which the holder’s ability to exercise the rights will commence and will expire; ● | the number of rights outstanding, if any; ● | a discussion of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the rights; ● | the extent to which the rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; and ● | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the offering of such rights. The description in the applicable prospectus supplements
of any rights that we may offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable
rights agreement and/or rights certificate, which will be filed with the SEC in connection therewith. Outstanding Rights We have no outstanding rights. 23 DESCRIPTION
OF UNITS The following description, together with the additional
information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the units that we
may offer under this base prospectus. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any units that we may offer under
this base prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any series of units in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement.
The terms of any units offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. The following summary description, together with
the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, does not purport to be complete and is subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the form of unit agreement and form of unit certificate relating to each series of units
that will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this base prospectus or as an exhibit
to a current report on Form 8-K if we offer units. General We may issue units comprised of common stock, preferred
stock, debt securities, debt obligations of third parties, including U.S. treasury securities, warrants, rights or any combination thereof.
Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of
a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may
provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified
date. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement
the terms of the series of units, including: ● | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; ● | any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; and ● | any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this section, as well
as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description of Debt Securities,” “Description
of Warrants” and “Description of Rights” will apply to each unit and to any common stock, preferred stock, debt security,
warrants or rights included in each unit, respectively. Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts and in such
numerous distinct series as we determine. Enforceability of Rights by Holders of Units Any unit agent will act solely as our agent under
the applicable unit agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any unit. A single
bank or trust company may act as unit agent for more than one series of units. A unit agent will have no duty or responsibility in case
of any default by us under the applicable unit agreement or unit, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at
law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a unit may, without the consent of the related unit agent or the holder
of any other unit, enforce by appropriate legal action its rights as holder under any security included in the unit. Title We, any unit agents and any of their agents may
treat the registered holder of any unit certificate as an absolute owner of the units evidenced by that certificate for any purpose and
as the person entitled to exercise the rights attaching to the units so requested, despite any notice to the contrary. Outstanding Units We have no outstanding units. 24 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities being offered by this
base prospectus separately or together through any of the following methods: ● | to or through one or more underwriters or dealers in a public offering and sale by them; ● | directly to investors; ● | on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale; ● | in the over-the-counter market; ● | in transactions other than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter market; ● | through agents; ● | through block trades in which the broker or dealer engaged to handle the block trade will attempt to sell the securities as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● | in “at the market offerings,” within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act; ● | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● | through any combination of these methods of sale; or ● | in any manner, as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may distribute securities from time to time
in one or more transactions: ● | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; ● | at market prices prevailing at the times of sale; ● | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; ● | at varying prices determined at the time of sale; or ● | at negotiated prices. We will describe the method of distribution of
the securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may also determine the price or other terms of the securities offered under
this base prospectus by use of an electronic auction. We will describe how any auction will determine the price or any other terms, how
potential investors may participate in the auction and the nature of the obligations of the underwriter, dealer or agent in the applicable
prospectus supplement. 25 Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus
supplement, each class or series of securities will be a new issue with no established trading market, other than our common stock, which
is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market. We may elect to list any other class or series of securities on any exchange, but we are not obligated
to do so. It is possible that one or more underwriters may make a market in a class or series of securities, but the underwriters will
not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot give any assurance as to whether
an active trading market will develop for the offered securities or the liquidity of the trading market for any of the securities. We
have no current plans for listing of the preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights or units on any securities exchange or quotation
system. Any such listing with respect to any particular preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights or units will be described
in the applicable prospectus supplement or other offering materials, as the case may be. Underwriters, dealers or agents may receive compensation
in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from us or our purchasers (as their agents in connection with the sale of the securities).
In addition, underwriters may sell the securities to or through dealers, and those dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts,
concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for whom they act as agent. These underwriters,
dealers or agents may be considered to be underwriters under the Securities Act. As a result, discounts, commissions, or profits on resale
received by the underwriters, dealers or agents may be treated as underwriting discounts and commissions. The prospectus supplement will
identify any such underwriter, dealer or agent, and describe any compensation received by them from us as well as any other offering expenses.
Only underwriters named in the prospectus supplement are underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Any initial
public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. We may sell the securities directly or through
agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities and we will describe any
commissions we will pay the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, our agent will act
on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit
offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering price set forth in the prospectus
supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe
the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. Underwriters, dealers and agents may be entitled
to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribution with respect
to payments made by the underwriters, dealers or agents, under agreements between us and the underwriters, dealers and agents. Any person participating in the distribution of
common stock registered under the registration statement that includes this base prospectus will be subject to applicable provisions of
the Exchange Act, and the applicable SEC rules and regulations, including, among others, Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases
and sales of any of our common stock by any such person. Furthermore, Regulation M may restrict the ability of any person engaged in the
distribution of our common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to our common stock. These restrictions may affect
the marketability of our common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to our
common stock. We may grant underwriters who participate in the
distribution of the securities an option to purchase additional securities to cover overallotments, if any, in connection with the distribution.
Any underwriter may engage in overallotment, stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with
Regulation M that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the offered securities. Overallotment involves sales in excess
of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long
as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Short covering transactions involve purchases of the common stock in the open
market after the distribution is completed to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession
from a dealer when the common stock originally sold by the dealer is purchased in a covering transaction to cover short positions. Those
activities may cause the price of the common stock to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue
any of the activities at any time. If any such activities will occur, they will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Underwriters or agents and their associates may
be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business and any such relationships
will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If more than 10% of the net proceeds of any offering
of securities made under this base prospectus will be received by FINRA members participating in the offering or affiliates or associated
persons of such FINRA members, the offering will be conducted in accordance with FINRA Conduct Rule 5121. To the extent required, this base prospectus may
be amended or supplemented from time to time to describe a specific plan of distribution. 26 LEGAL
MATTERS Unless the applicable prospectus supplement indicates
otherwise, the validity of the securities being offered by this base prospectus will be passed upon by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe
LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that
we will name in an applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS dbbmckennnon, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited
our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as set forth in their
report, which is incorporated by reference in this base prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement. Our financial statements
are incorporated by reference in reliance on dbbmckennon’s report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding companies that file electronically with the SEC. We file annual,
quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available free of charge to the
public at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. We also maintain a website at investors.serverobotics.com where you can access our SEC
filings free of charge. We have filed with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-3 relating to the securities covered by this base prospectus. This base prospectus is a part of the registration statement and
does not contain all of the information in the registration statement. Other documents establishing the terms of the offered securities
are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever
a reference is made in this base prospectus to a contract or other document of ours, the reference is only a summary and you should refer
to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement for a copy of the contract or other document. You may review a copy of the
registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. 27 INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC and applicable law allows us to “incorporate
by reference” the information from other documents we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to those documents instead of having to repeat the information in this base prospectus. The information incorporated
by reference is considered to be part of this base prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update
and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings (including those made after
the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part and prior to the effectiveness of
such registration statement) we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act until the termination
of the registration statement of which this base prospectus is a part (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have
been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules): ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2025 ; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2025 and January 7, 2025 (in each case, except for information contained therein which is furnished rather than filed); and ● | the description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 10-12G/A filed with the SEC on April 9, 2021, pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, as updated by the description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.8 to the to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, and including any other amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. Any statement contained in this base prospectus,
or in a document all or a portion of which is incorporated by reference, shall be modified or superseded for purposes of this base prospectus
to the extent that a statement contained in this base prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus
or any document incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall not,
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this base prospectus. Upon written or oral request, we will provide,
without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this base prospectus is delivered, a copy of the documents
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus but not delivered with this base prospectus. You may request a copy of these filings,
and any exhibits we have specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this base prospectus, at no cost to you by writing or
telephoning us at the following: Serve Robotics Inc. 730 Broadway Redwood City, California
94063 Attn: Brian Read, Chief Financial Officer (818) 860-1352 You may also access these documents, free of charge
on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on our website at investors.serverobotics.com. Information contained on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed from, our
website as part of this base prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 28 The information in
this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and we are not soliciting offers
to buy these securities, in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MARCH 6, 2025 Prospectus Up to $150,000,000 Common Stock We have entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales
Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Wedbush Securities Inc., Northland Securities, Inc., Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc. and Seaport Global Securities LLC (collectively, the “Agents”) relating to shares of our common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, offered by this prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus (together, the “prospectus”)
pursuant to a continuous offering program. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, we may offer and sell shares of our common
stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $150,000,000 from time to time through or to the Agents, acting as sales agents or principals. Sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus will be made
by any method permitted that is deemed an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Agents are not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of securities,
but the Agents have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts consistent with their normal sales and trading practices. There
is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. The Agents will be entitled to a commission equal to 3.0% of the gross
offering proceeds of the shares of our common stock sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. In connection with the sale of the common stock
on our behalf, each Agent will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation
of the Agents will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution
to the Agents with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”). Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SERV.”
On March 4, 2025, the last reported sale price on Nasdaq of our common stock was $8.40 per share. Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors”
beginning on page S-3 of this prospectus and under similar headings in the other documents that are filed after the date hereof and incorporated
by reference into this prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus. Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved
or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus or the accompanying base prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation
to the contrary is a criminal offense. Cantor | Wedbush Securities | Northland Capital Markets Ladenburg Thalmann | Seaport Global Securities The date of this prospectus is , 2025 Table
of Contents Page
About This Prospectus | S-ii
Where You Can Find More Information | S-iii
Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference | S-iv
Summary | S-1
The Offering | S-2
Risk Factors | S-3
Forward-Looking Statements | S-7
Use of Proceeds | S-8
Dilution | S-9
Dividend Policy | S-10
Plan of Distribution | S-11
Legal Matters | S-12
Experts | S-13 S- i About
This Prospectus This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that
we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), using a “shelf” registration process. Under
this prospectus, we may offer shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $150,000,000 from time to time at
prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of offering. The $150,000,000 of shares of our common stock that
may be sold under this prospectus are included in the $300,000,000 of shares of our common stock that may be sold under the registration
statement. Neither we nor the Agents have authorized any other party to provide
you with different information other than the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus, the accompanying
prospectus, or in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility
for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither we nor the Agents
are making an offer to sell our common stock in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Before purchasing any securities, you should carefully read both this
prospectus, the accompanying base prospectus and any free writing prospectus, together with the additional information described under
the heading “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” You should assume that the information contained in this
prospectus, the accompanying base prospectus or any free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, and
that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate
otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus contain summaries
of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete
information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to
herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described below under the heading “Where You Can Find Additional Information.”
This prospectus, the accompanying base prospectus or any free writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered securities to which they relate. We are not making offers to sell any securities
described in this prospectus in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such
offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. As used in this prospectus, unless the context
otherwise requires: ● | “ Board ” or “ Board of Directors ” means our board of directors. ● | “ DGCL ” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. ● | “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ● | “ Merger ” means the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, pursuant to which Serve Acquisition Corp. (“ Merger Sub ”), our wholly-owned subsidiary, was merged with and into Serve Robotics Inc. prior to such merger (“ Serve ”), with Serve surviving the Merger as the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, which transactions were consummated on July 31, 2023. ● | “ Merger Agreement ” means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 31, 2023, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Serve. ● | “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. S- ii Where
You Can Find More Information This prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus are part of the
registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the Securities Act and do not contain all the information set forth
or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus or the accompanying base prospectus
to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference may not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are
a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus
and the accompanying base prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other document. Because we are subject to the information
and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information
with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . Our website address is www.serverobotics.com. Through our website,
we make available, free of charge, the following documents as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with,
or furnished to, the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our proxy statements for our annual and special stockholder meetings;
our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current Reports on Form 8-K; Forms 3, 4, and 5 and Schedules 13D with respect to our securities
filed on behalf of our directors and our executive officers; and amendments to those documents. The information contained on, or that
may be accessed through, our website or any of our social media channels is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus. S- iii Incorporation
of Documents by Reference This registration statement incorporates by reference important business
and financial information about our Company that is not included in or delivered with this document. The information incorporated by reference
is considered to be part of this prospectus, and the SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we file with
it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents instead of having to repeat the
information in this prospectus. Any statement contained herein or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in or omitted
from this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement, or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed
to be incorporated by reference herein, modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall not
be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. We incorporate by reference: ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2025 ; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2025 and January 7, 2025 (in each case, except for information contained therein which is furnished rather than filed); and ● | the description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form 10-12G/A filed with the SEC on April 9, 2021, pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, as updated by the description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.8 to the to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, and including any other amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. We also incorporate by reference into this prospectus any further filings
we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than portions of those made pursuant to
Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K or other information “furnished” and not filed with the SEC), including all filings filed
after the date hereof and prior to the completion of an offering of securities under this prospectus. Our filings with the SEC, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our website at www.serverobotics.com
as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our social media channels and our website and the
information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated into and are not a part of this prospectus. Copies
of all documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, other than exhibits to those documents unless such exhibits are specially
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, will be provided at no cost to each person, including any beneficial owner, who receives
a copy of this prospectus on the written or oral request of that person made to: Serve Robotics Inc. 730 Broadway Redwood City, California
94063 Attn: Brian Read, Chief Financial Officer (818) 860-1352 S- iv Prospectus
Summary This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere,
or incorporated by reference, in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider before
deciding to invest in our common stock. For a more complete understanding of our company and this offering, you should read and consider
carefully the more detailed information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus,
including the factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” on page S-3 of this prospectus and the documents incorporated
by reference in this prospectus. All references to “Serve” refer to Serve Operating Co.
(formerly known as Serve Robotics Inc.), a Delaware corporation and our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary. Unless otherwise stated or the
context otherwise indicates, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us” or similar
terms refer to Serve Robotics Inc. (formerly named Patricia Acquisition Corp.) together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Serve. Serve
holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of Serve Robotics Inc. Overview We are shaping the future of sustainable, self-driving delivery. We
design, develop and operate low-emissions robots on our AI-powered robotics mobility platform, that serve people in public spaces, starting
with food delivery. Starting in 2017, our core technology was developed by our co-founders and a majority of our product and engineering
team in San Francisco, California as a special project within Postmates Inc. (“Postmates”), one of the pioneering food delivery
startups in the United States. By the end of 2020, the team had developed a fleet of sidewalk robots that had successfully performed over
10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired
by Uber Technologies, Inc. (“Uber”) in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to contribute the
intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating to this project. In return for this contribution and an investment of
cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity interest in our business. As of December 31, 2024, Serve’s fleet consisted of over 100
robots. We plan to deploy 2,000 robots by the end of 2025. We have platform-level integrations with Uber Eats, which means Serve robots
can provide real-time presence and status updates on those platforms and receive requests to perform deliveries with respect to customer
orders placed on those platforms as needed Because Serve started within a food delivery company, our team comes
with a depth of expertise in food delivery. Additionally, the engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation and robotics.
Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Instacart, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc., Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc.,
and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based on our proprietary historical delivery data, approximately half
of all delivery distances in the United States are less than 2.5 miles and well-suited to delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic
delivery experience that delights customers, improves reliability for merchants and reduces traffic congestion and vehicle emissions.
Moreover, at scale we expect our robots will complete deliveries at lower cost than human couriers, making on-demand delivery more affordable
and accessible in the areas in which we operate. By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by reducing the cost of last-mile transportation,
Serve aims to reshape cities into sustainable, safe, and people-friendly environments, with thriving local economies. Additional details of our programs are contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Corporate Information We were incorporated in the State of Delaware as Patricia Acquisition Corp.
on November 9, 2020. On July 31, 2023, a wholly-owned merger sub merged with and into Serve (the “Merger”). Following the
Merger, Serve was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted
into shares of our common stock. The business of Serve became our business as a result of the Merger. Following the consummation of the
Merger, Serve changed its name to “Serve Operating Co.” and we changed our name to “Serve Robotics Inc.” Prior to the Merger, Patricia Acquisition Corp. was a “shell”
company registered under the Exchange Act, with no specific business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Serve following
the closing of the Merger. Our principal executive offices are located at 730 Broadway, Redwood
City, California 94063. Our telephone number is (818) 860-1352. Our website address is www.serverobotics.com. Information contained on,
or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. S- 1 The
Offering Common Stock Offered by Us | Common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of $150,000,000.
Manner of Offering | Sales of shares of our common stock under this prospectus may be made by any method deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. See “Plan of Distribution.”
Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Prior to this Offering | 56,918,226 shares of our common stock (as of March 4, 2025).
Shares of Common Stock Outstanding After this Offering | 74,775,369 shares of our common stock, assuming the sale of 17,857,143 shares of our common stock in this offering at an offering price of $8.40 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq on March 4, 2025. The actual number of shares of our common stock issued will vary depending on the sale price under this offering.
Use of Proceeds | We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Our management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds from the sale of the shares of our common stock offered by this prospectus. See “Use of Proceeds.”
Risk Factors | See the section titled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus and in the documents incorporated herein by reference for a discussion of certain factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock.
Nasdaq symbol | Our common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SERV.” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding immediately
after this offering is based on 56,918,226 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2025, and excludes: ● | 1,022,291 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of December 31, 2024, at a weighted average exercise price of $0.94 per share under our 2021 Stock Plan and 2023 Equity Incentive Plan; ● | 5,362,326 shares of our common stock issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units outstanding as of December 31, 2024 under our 2021 Stock Plan and 2023 Equity Incentive Plan; and ● | 3,340,011 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2024 at a weighted average exercise price of $6.56 per share. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes
no exercise of the outstanding securities described above. S- 2 Risk
Factors Investing in our securities involves risks. Before you make a decision
to buy our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under “Forward-Looking Statements,” you
should carefully consider the specific risks incorporated by reference in this prospectus to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated
by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information
contained in any applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus before acquiring any such securities. If
any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As a
result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additionally, the risks and
uncertainties incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement are not the only risks and uncertainties that
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material
and adversely affect our business. Risks Relating to This Offering and Our Common Stock Our share price may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell
your shares at or above the offering price. The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: ● | actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results; ● | our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq; ● | our ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and our ability to grow and manage growth profitably; ● | our ability to enter into binding contracts with original equipment manufacturers or tier-one suppliers in order to execute on our business plan; ● | our expansion plans and opportunities; ● | our expectations regarding future expenditures; ● | announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors; S- 3 ● | overall conditions in our industry and the markets in which we operate; ● | addition or loss of significant customers, or other developments with respect to significant customers; ● | changes in laws or regulations applicable to our services; ● | actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; ● | announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; ● | additions or departures of key personnel; ● | competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; ● | issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; ● | fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; ● | disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies; ● | announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; ● | sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; ● | share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; ● | dilution resulting from this offering and future sales of equity; ● | our ability to obtain sufficient funding or access capital; and ● | general domestic and international economic and market conditions. Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations
that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as
general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may
negatively impact the market price of our common stock. If the market price of our common stock after this offering does not exceed the
public offering price, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past,
companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation.
We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and
divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. S- 4 We will have broad discretion in the use
of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the
net proceeds from this offering, including for any of the purposes described in the section titled “Use of Proceeds,” as well
as our existing cash and cash equivalents, and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding such application. Accordingly,
you will have to rely upon the judgment of our management with respect to the use of the proceeds, with only limited information concerning
management’s specific intentions. You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the
net proceeds are being used appropriately. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of the net proceeds
from this offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our management might not apply the net
proceeds or our existing cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If we do not invest or apply the net proceeds
from this offering or our existing cash and cash equivalents in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected business
and financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering
in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. Sale of our common stock by existing stockholders, or the perception
that these sales may occur, especially by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders, may cause our stock price to
decline. If our existing stockholders, in particular our directors, executive
officers or other affiliates, sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or are perceived by the public market
as intending to sell, the trading price of our common stock could decline. In addition, sales of these shares of our common stock could
impair our ability to raise capital, should we wish to do so. We cannot predict the timing or amount of future sales of our common stock
by existing stockholders, but such sales, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices
for our common stock. Purchasers in this offering will experience immediate and substantial
dilution in the book value of their investment. The price per share of our common stock being offered may be higher
than the net tangible book value per share of our outstanding common stock prior to this offering. Assuming that an aggregate of 17,857,143
shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $8.40 per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq on March
4, 2025, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $150,000,000, new investors in this offering would incur immediate dilution of
$4.39 per share. For a more detailed discussion of the foregoing, see the section entitled “Dilution” below. To the extent
outstanding stock options or warrants are exercised, there will be further dilution to new investors. In addition, to the extent we need
to raise additional capital in the future, and we issue shares of our common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable for our common
stock, our then existing stockholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock
offered in this offering. Future sales of equity could result in dilution
to our existing stockholders. In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer
 additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may
 not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per
 share that is less than the price per share paid by any investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other
 securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares
 of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into our common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower
 than the price per share paid by any investors in this offering. S- 5 It is not possible to predict the number of shares that will
be issued or the aggregate proceeds resulting from sales made under the Sales Agreement. Subject to certain limitations in the Sales Agreement and compliance
with applicable law, we have the discretion to deliver a placement notice to the Agent at any time throughout the term of the Sales Agreement.
The number of shares that are sold through the Agent after delivering a placement notice will fluctuate based on a number of factors,
including the market price of our common stock during the sales period, any limits we may set with the Agent in any applicable placement
notice, and the demand for our common stock. Because the price per share of each share sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement will fluctuate
over time, it is not currently possible to predict the number of shares that will be sold or the aggregate proceeds to be raised in connection
with sales under the Sales Agreement. The common stock offered hereby will be sold in “at the
market offerings,” and investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Investors who purchase shares in this offering at different times will
likely pay different prices, and accordingly may experience different levels of dilution and different outcomes in their investment results.
We will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices, and number of shares sold in this offering. In addition,
subject to the final determination by our Board of Directors or any restrictions we may place in any applicable placement notice delivered
to the Agent, there is no minimum or maximum sales price for shares to be sold in this offering. Investors may experience a decline in
the value of the shares they purchase in this offering as a result of sales made at prices lower than the prices they paid. Our current business plans require a significant amount of capital.
If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding or do not have access to capital, we may not be able to execute our business plans and our
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition to the net proceeds received under the Sales Agreement,
we expect to continue to seek other sources of funding, including by offering additional equity and/or equity-linked securities through
one or more credit facilities and potentially by offering debt securities to finance a portion of our future expenditures. We have experienced
operating losses, and we expect to continue to incur operating losses as we implement our business plans. We expect our capital expenditures
to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as we expand our business. We expect to expend capital with significant outlays
directed both toward bringing our current vehicle programs to market as well as developing additional vehicles, along with related products
and service offerings. The fact that we have a limited operating history means we have limited historical data on the demand for our services.
As a result, our capital requirements are uncertain and actual capital requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate.
In addition, new opportunities for growth in future services and markets may arise and may require additional capital. The sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities could dilute
our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and
financing covenants that would restrict our operations or our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Our ability to obtain the
necessary additional financing to carry out our business plans is subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions
and investor acceptance of our business model. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive
or unavailable to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds on favorable terms, we may have to significantly reduce our spending,
delay or cancel our planned activities or substantially change our corporate structure. We might not be able to obtain any such funding
or we might not have sufficient resources to conduct our business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail
or discontinue our operations and our prospects, financial consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected,
in which case our investors could lose some or all of their investment. S- 6 Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, or some
of the information incorporated herein by reference, contain certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements
include, without limitation, statements regarding future financial performance, business strategies, expansion plans, future results of
operations, estimated revenues, losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management. These forward-looking statements
are based on our management’s current expectations, estimates, projections and beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions concerning
future events, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts. When used in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, words such as “may,”
“should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” “project” or the negative of such terms or other similar
expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
Forward-looking statements in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement and in any document incorporated by reference
in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: ● | our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property and the scope and duration of such protection; ● | our reliance on third parties, including suppliers, delivery platforms, brand sponsors, software providers and service providers; ● | our ability to operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity or automation; ● | our robots’ reliance on sophisticated software technology that incorporates third-party components and networks to operate and our ability to maintain licenses for this software technology; ● | our ability to commercialize our products at a large scale; ● | the competitive industry in which we operate which is subject to rapid technological change; ● | our ability to raise additional capital to develop our technology and scale our operations; ● | developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; ● | our ability to adequately control the costs associated with our operations; ● | the impact of current and future laws and regulations, especially those related to personal delivery devices; ● | potential cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, infrastructure and integrated software by us or third-party vendors; and ● | other factors incorporated by reference herein, including those risk factors described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report filed with the SEC on February 29, 2023, as supplemented by Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus and in
any document incorporated by reference are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on our business. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting our business will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section entitled “ Risk Factors ”
and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available publicly on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Moreover, we operate
in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for
us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the effect of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any
factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements in this prospectus
and in any document incorporated herein by reference should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and
we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. S- 7 Use
of Proceeds We may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate sales
proceeds of up to $150,000,000 from time to time. Because there is no minimum offering price for the shares that we may offer from time
to time, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time. There can
be no assurance that we will sell any shares under or fully utilize the Sales Agreement with the Agents as a source of financing. Our management will have broad discretion over the uses of the net
proceeds in this offering. We intend to use the net proceeds that we receive from this offering for working capital and other general
corporate purposes. We will retain broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from
the sale of the securities by us. The net proceeds may be invested temporarily until they are used for their stated purpose or for general
corporate purposes. S- 8 Dilution If you purchase shares of our common stock in this offering, your interest
will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per share of our common stock and the unaudited net
tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering. As of December 31, 2024, our unaudited net tangible book value
was $131.7 million, or $2.57 per share of our common stock. We calculate net tangible book value per share by dividing our net tangible
assets (total tangible assets less total liabilities) by the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. After giving effect to the sale by us of our common stock in the aggregate
amount of $150,000,000 in this offering at an assumed offering price of $8.40 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our
common stock on Nasdaq on March 4, 2025, and after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by us, our unaudited pro forma adjusted
net tangible book value as of December 31, 2024 would have been approximately $277.0 million, or $4.01 per share of our common stock.
This represents an immediate increase in as adjusted unaudited pro forma net tangible book value of $1.44 per share to existing stockholders
and an immediate dilution of $4.39 per share to new investors purchasing securities in this offering. The following table illustrates the dilution: Assumed public offering price per share of our common stock | $ | 8.40
Unaudited net tangible book value per share of our common stock as of December 31, 2024 | $ | 2.57
Increase per share of our common stock attributable to new investors in this offering | $ | 1.44
As adjusted unaudited pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock as of December 31, 2024, after giving effect to this offering | $ | 4.01
Dilution in unaudited pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock to new investors purchasing our common stock in this offering | $ | 4.39 The table above assumes, for illustrative purposes, that an aggregate
of 17,857,143 shares of our common stock are sold at a price of $8.40, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq
on March 4, 2025, per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $150,000,000. An increase of $1 per share in the price at which the shares
of our common stock are sold from the assumed offering price of $9.40 per share shown in the table above, assuming all of the shares of
our common stock in the aggregate amount of $150,000,000 are sold at that price, would increase our as unaudited adjusted pro forma net
tangible book value per share of our common stock after the offering of $4.12 per share and would result in dilution in net tangible book
value per share of our common stock to new investors to $5.28 per share, after deducting estimated aggregate offering expenses payable
by us. A decrease of $1 per share in the price at which the shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $7.40 per share shown in
the table above, assuming all of the shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $150,000,000 are sold at that price, would
increase our as unaudited adjusted pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after the offering of $3.87 per share
and would result in dilution in net tangible book value per share of our common stock to new investors of $3.53 per share, after deducting
estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us. This information is supplied for illustrative purposes only and may differ based
on the actual offering price and the actual number of shares of our common stock sold in this offering. The number of shares of our common stock expected to be outstanding
immediately after this offering included in the table above is based on 51,288,566 shares of our common stock, reflective of the number
of shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2024, and does not reflect issuances subsequent to December 31, 2024. As
of March 4, 2025, there were 56,918,226 shares of our common stock outstanding, and, assuming the sale of 17,857,143 shares of our common
stock in this offering at an offering price of $8.40 per share, there will be approximately 74,775,369 shares of our common stock outstanding.
The actual number of shares of our common stock issued will vary depending on the sale price under this offering. To the extent that other shares of our common stock are issued, investors
purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering could experience further dilution. In addition, we may choose to raise additional
capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating
plans. S- 9 Dividend
Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. We
may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay cash dividends
for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will
depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors
that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding
indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable
future. S- 10 Plan
of Distribution We have entered into the Sales Agreement with the Agents on March 6,
2025, under which we may offer and sell up to $150,000,000 of shares of our common stock from time to time through or to the Agents, as
sales agents or principals. Sales of our shares of common stock, if any, under this prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus will
be made by any method that is deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. Each time we wish to issue and sell shares of our common stock under
the Sales Agreement, we will notify an Agent of the number of shares to be issued, the dates on which such sales are anticipated to be
made, any limitation on the number of shares to be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Once we
have so instructed an Agent, unless such Agent declines to accept the terms of such notice, each Agent has agreed to use its commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with normal trading and sales practices to sell such shares up to the amount specified on such terms. The
obligations of the Agents under the Sales Agreement to sell shares of our common stock are subject to a number of conditions that we must
meet. The settlement of sales of shares between us and the Agents is generally
anticipated to occur on the first trading day following the date on which the sale was made. Sales of shares of our common stock as contemplated
in this prospectus will be settled through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company or by such other means as we and the Agents
may agree upon. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in an escrow, trust or similar arrangement. We will pay the Agents a commission equal to 3.0% of the gross offering
proceeds of the shares of our common stock sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Because there is no minimum offering amount required
as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable
at this time. In addition, we have agreed in the Sales Agreement to reimburse the Agents for the fees and disbursements of its counsel
incurred in connection with the offering contemplated by the Sales Agreement, including any review and qualification by FINRA, in an amount
not to exceed $75,000 through the fourth business day following execution of the Sales Agreement, in addition to an amount up to $25,000
for each quarterly period thereafter. TCBI Securities, Inc., doing business as Texas Capital Securities (“TCBI”), is acting
as our financial advisor in connection with this offering, for which we will pay TCBI 8,500 unregistered shares of our common stock. We
estimate that the total expenses for the offering, excluding any commissions or expense reimbursement payable to the Agents under the
terms of the Sale Agreement and exclusive of the fee paid to TCBI, will be approximately $95,000. The remaining sale proceeds, after deducting
any other transaction fees, will equal our net proceeds from the sale of such shares. The Agents will provide written confirmation to us following the close
of trading on Nasdaq each day in which shares of our common stock are sold under the Sales Agreement setting forth (i) the amount sold
on such day, (ii) the price or prices at which such shares were sold on such day, (iii) the gross offering proceeds received from such
sale, (iv) the net proceeds to the Company and (v) the commission payable by the Company to the Agents with respect to such sales. In connection with the sale of shares of our common stock on our behalf,
the Agents will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the compensation of the Agents
will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have agreed to indemnify the Agents against certain civil liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have also agreed to contribute to payments the Agents may be required to make in respect
of such liabilities. The offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement
will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all shares of our common stock subject to the Sales Agreement and (ii) the termination
of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. We and the Agents may each terminate the Sales Agreement at any time upon five days’
notice. This summary of the material provisions of the Sales Agreement does
not purport to be a complete statement of its terms and conditions. A copy of the Sales Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a current
report on Form 8-K filed under the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The Agents and their affiliates may in the future provide various investment
banking, commercial banking, financial advisory and other financial services for us and our affiliates, for which services they may in
the future receive customary fees. In the course of their business, the Agents may actively trade our securities for its own account or
for the accounts of customers, and, accordingly, the Agents may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities. A prospectus and the accompanying base prospectus
in electronic format may be made available on a website maintained by the Agents, and the Agents may distribute the prospectus and the
accompanying base prospectus electronically. S- 11 Legal
Matters The validity of the shares of our common stock offered by this prospectus
will be passed upon for the Company by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Duane Morris LLP, New York, New
York, is acting as counsel for the Agents in connection with this offering. S- 12 Experts dbbmckennnon, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited
our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as set forth in their report,
which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the prospectus. Our financial statements are incorporated by reference
in reliance on dbbmckennon’s report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. S- 13 Up to $150,000,000 Common Stock PROSPECTUS Cantor | Wedbush Securities | Northland Capital Markets Ladenburg Thalmann | Seaport Global Securities , 2025 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other expenses of issuance and distribution The following table sets forth all expenses, other
than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in connection with this offering. All the amounts shown are estimates except
for the registration fee payable to the SEC and FINRA. SEC registration fee | $ | 40,025.87 | **
FINRA filing fee | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Printing fees | *
Transfer agent, trustee and warrant agent fees and expenses | *
Miscellaneous fees and expenses | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees and expenses depend on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated amount of expenses of any offering of securities.
** | Excludes the registration fee previously paid in connection with unsold securities pursuant to Rule 457(p). Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the DGCL authorizes a court to award,
or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers under certain circumstances and subject to certain
limitations. The terms of Section 145 of the DGCL are sufficiently broad to permit indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities,
including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. As permitted by the DGCL, the Registrant’s
amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the personal liability of its directors
for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except liability for the following: ● | any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Registrant or its stockholders; ● | acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; ● | under Section 174 of the DGCL (regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases); or ● | any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. We have entered into indemnification agreements
with each of our current directors and executive officers to provide these directors and executive officers additional contractual assurances
regarding the scope of the indemnification set forth in our amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws, and to provide additional procedural protections. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our
directors or executive officers for which indemnification is sought. The indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and the indemnification agreements entered into between us and each of our directors and
executive officers may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our directors and executive officers for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act. We also maintain standard insurance policies under
which coverage is provided (a) to our directors and officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach of duty or other
wrongful act, and (b) to us, with respect to payments which may be made by us to such officers and directors pursuant to the above indemnification
provision or otherwise as a matter of law. Certain of our directors are also indemnified by their employers with regard to their service
on our board of directors. II- 1 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) | The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. | Description
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement
1.2§ | Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, by and among the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Wedbush Securities Inc., Northland Securities, Inc., Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. and Seaport Global Securities LLC.
2.1§ | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among the Company, Serve Acquisition Corp. and Serve Robotics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023)
3.1 | Certificate of Merger relating to the merger of Serve Acquisition Corp. with and into Serve Robotics Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.1 | Form of Bridge Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.2 | Form of Placement Agent A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.3# | Common Stock Warrant, dated February 7, 2024, issued by Serve Robotics Inc. to Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
4.4* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.5* | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement (including warrant certificate)
4.6* | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement (including warrant certificate)
4.7* | Form of Rights Agreement (including rights certificate)
4.8* | Form of Unit Agreement (including form of unit certificate) II- 2 4.9 | Form of Indenture
5.1 | Opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP.
10.1+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.2+§ | Offer Letter, dated March 24, 2024, by and between Brian Read and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024).
10.3+ | Parang Termination Payment Letter, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.4+ | Kashani Termination Payment Letter, dated as of September 27, 2021, by and between Ali Kashani and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.5# | Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.6# | Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.7# | Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.8# | Amendment No. 3 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.9# | Amendment No. 4 to the Master Framework Agreement; Amendment No. 2 to Project Plan 2, dated as of June 5, 2024 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and Serve (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 7, 2024).
10.10# | Project Plan #1, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.11# | Project Plan #2, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.12# | Amendment No. 1 to Project Plan 2, dated April 25, 2024, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024). II- 3 10.13#§ | Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.14§ | First Amendment to the Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2024, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024).
10.15#§ | Second Amendment to the Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2024, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024).
10.16 | Form of Pre-Merger Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.17 | Subscription Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.18 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.19+ | 2021 Stock Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.20+ | 2023 Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.21+ | Amendment to Serve Robotics Inc.’s 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Form DEF14A filed with the SEC on June 7, 2024).
10.22#§ | Master Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.23# | Statement of Work, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.24 | License and Services Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2024 and effective as of February 20, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024).
10.25+ | Serve Robotics Inc. Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2025). II- 4 10.26 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by the Company and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024).
10.27 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024) .
10.28 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by the Company and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024).
10.29 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) .
21.1 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2025).
23.1 | Consent of dbbmckennon, independent registered public accounting firm.
23.2 | Consent of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page).
25.1 † | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility under Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of Debt Trustee (to be filed prior to any issuance of Debt Securities).
107 | Calculation of Filing Fee. * | To be filed by amendment or by a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
+ | Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.
# | Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally copies of the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request.
§ | Certain exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request.
† | To be filed in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II- 5 Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or
sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3)
of the Securities Act; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or
events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually
or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which
was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change
in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration
statement; and (iii) To include any material information with
respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information
in the registration statement, Provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i),
(a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs
is contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b) that is part of the Registration Statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective
amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability
under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of
and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made
pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of
the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of
prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the
prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such
date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement
to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement
or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement
that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately
prior to such effective date. II- 6 (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability
of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant
undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless
of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means
of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or
sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of
the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the
offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus
relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of
the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in
the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) That, for purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the
securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) That, insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant
in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (8) To file an application for the purpose of determining
the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the
rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II- 7 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for
filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Redwood City, State of California, on the 6th day of March, 2025. SERVE ROBOTICS INC.
By: | /s/ Ali Kashani
Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer POWER
OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang as his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, each acting alone, with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act
on, sign, and file with the SEC any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement together with
all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file such certificates, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be
necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, (iii) act on and file any supplement to any prospectus included in this registration
statement or any such amendment or any subsequent registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, and (iv)
take any and all actions which may be necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact or any of his substitutes may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each person whose signature
appears below has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and as of the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Ali Kashani | Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors | March 6, 2025
Ali Kashani | ( principal executive officer )
/s/ Touraj Parang | President and Chief Operating Officer and Director | March 6, 2025
Touraj Parang
/s/ Brian Read | Chief Financial Officer | March 6, 2025
Brian Read | ( principal financial and accounting officer )
/s/ David Goldberg | Director | March 6, 2025
David Goldberg
/s/ Lily Sarafan | Director | March 6, 2025
Lily Sarafan
/s/ Sarfraz Maredia | Director | March 6, 2025
Sarfraz Maredia
/s/ Olivier Vincent | Director | March 6, 2025
Olivier Vincent II- 8