As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 12, 2024. Registration Number
333-277809 UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 Amendment
No. 2 to FORM S-1 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Serve
Robotics Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 3790 | 85-3844872
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 730 Broadway Redwood City, CA 94063 (818) 860-1352 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer 730 Broadway Redwood City, California 94063 (818) 860-1352 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to : Albert Vanderlaan, Esq. Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 222 Berkeley St., Suite 2000 Boston, MA 02116 (617) 880-2219 | Barrett DiPaolo, Esq. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor New York, NY 10036 (212) 930-9700 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on
this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following
box. ☐ If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission,
acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in
this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities pursuant to this prospectus until the
registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission becomes effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer
to sell these securities and is not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 12,
2024 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS $40,000,000 Common Stock This is a public offering of shares of common
stock by Serve Robotics Inc. We are offering 8,888,889 shares of our common stock (based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per
share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)). Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB
Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol “SBOT”. On April 5, 2024, the closing price of our common stock
on the OTCQB was $4.50 per share. In connection with this offering, we have applied to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market,
LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SERV”. Accordingly, we expect our common stock to begin trading on The Nasdaq
Capital Market on or around the date of this prospectus, at which point our common stock will cease to be traded on the OTCQB Market. We are an “emerging growth company”
and a “smaller reporting company” as defined under the federal securities laws and, as such, are eligible for reduced public
company reporting requirements. See “ Prospectus Summary — Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller
Reporting Company .” Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, please read “Risk Factors” on page 13 of this prospectus. Per share | Total
Public offering price | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) | $ | $
Proceeds to Serve Robotics Inc. before expenses | $ | $ (1) | The underwriting discount does not include a non-accountable expense allowance of 1.0% of the gross proceeds of the shares sold in the offering. See the section titled “Underwriting” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriter. Certain of our stockholders and their affiliates
have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of common stock in this offering with an aggregate value of approximately $4.5 million
at the assumed public offering price. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase,
the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering to any of these parties, or any of these parties may
determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. The underwriter will receive the same underwriting discount on any shares
purchased by these parties as they will on any other shares sold to the public in this offering. We have granted the underwriter an option
for a period of 45 days after the closing date of the offering to purchase up to an additional 1,333,333 shares of our common stock
(based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the
OTCQB)) at the assumed public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriter expects to deliver the shares
of common stock to purchasers on or about , 2024. Aegis
Capital Corp. Prospectus dated 
, 2024. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
THE OFFERING | 9
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA | 11
RISK FACTORS | 13
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 41
DESCRIPTION OF THE MERGER, THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT, AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS | 42
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 46
BUSINESS | 57
MANAGEMENT | 74
EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | 79
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS | 94
USE OF PROCEEDS | 97
DIVIDEND POLICY | 98
CAPITALIZATION | 99
DILUTION | 101
MARKET INFORMATION FOR OUR COMMON STOCK | 104
PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS | 105
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 107
SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE | 113
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS | 116
UNDERWRITING | 120
LEGAL MATTERS | 123
EXPERTS | 123
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 123
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | F-1 i ABOUT THIS
PROSPECTUS Through and including 
, 2024 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not
participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This delivery requirement is in addition to a dealer’s
obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold allotment or subscription. We and the underwriter have not authorized anyone
to give you any information other than the information contained in this prospectus, the information incorporated by reference herein,
any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
We and the underwriter take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurances as to the reliability of, any other information that
others may give you. Neither we nor the underwriter have authorized anyone to provide you with additional information or information
different from that contained in this prospectus filed with the SEC. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby,
but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. You should assume that the information appearing in this
prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the respective dates
of those documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. For Non-U.S. Investors Neither we nor the underwriter have done anything
that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus
filed with the SEC, in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside
the United States who come into possession of this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus must inform
themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of common stock and the distribution of this prospectus,
any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus outside the United States. INDUSTRY AND OTHER DATA This prospectus contains industry, market and
competitive position data from our own internal estimates and research as well as industry and general publications and research surveys
and studies conducted by independent third parties. Industry publications, studies and surveys generally state that they have been obtained
from sources believed to be reliable. Our internal data and estimates are based upon information obtained from trade and business organizations
and other contacts in the markets in which we operate and our management’s understanding of industry conditions. Management is
responsible for the accuracy of our internal company research and believes such information is reliable and the market definitions are
appropriate. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including
those described in “ Risk Factors ”. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed
in the estimates made by the independent third parties and by us. ii PROSPECTUS
 SUMMARY This summary highlights certain information
about us, this offering and selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain
all of the information that you should consider before deciding whether to invest in the securities covered by this prospectus. For a
more complete understanding of the Company and this offering, we encourage you to read and consider carefully the more detailed information
in this prospectus, any related prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, including the information set forth in
the section titled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus, any related prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus
in their entirety before making an investment decision. All references to “Serve” refer to
Serve Operating Co. (formerly known as Serve Robotics Inc.), a privately held Delaware corporation and our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary.
Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to the “Company”, “we”, “our”,
“us” or similar terms refer to Serve Robotics Inc. (formerly named Patricia Acquisition Corp.) together with its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Serve. Serve holds all material assets and conducts all business activities and operations of Serve Robotics Inc. This prospectus includes a number of technical
terms. Please see “ Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations ” beginning on page 57. Overview We are on a mission to deliver a sustainable
future by transforming how goods move among people. Serve has developed an advanced, AI-powered robotics
mobility platform, with last-mile delivery in cities as its first application. According to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics
in 2017, 45% of car trips in the United States are taken for shopping and errands, and in 2019, FedEx stated that over 60% of merchants’
customers live within three miles of a store location. By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by reducing the cost of last-mile
transportation, Serve aims to reshape cities into sustainable, safe, and people-friendly environments, with thriving local economies. Serve’s first product is a low-emissions
robot that serves people in public spaces, starting with last-mile food delivery. In 2017, our core technology development began with
our co-founders and a growing product and engineering team. In 2020, the team launched a fleet of sidewalk delivery robots (hereafter
simply referred to as “delivery robots”) in Los Angeles performing contactless deliveries during the COVID-19 pandemic shutdowns.
By the end of that year, Serve robots had successfully completed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates Inc. (“Postmates”)
in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired by Uber Technologies,
Inc. (“Uber”) in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to contribute the intellectual property
developed by the team and assets relating to this project to Serve. In return for this contribution and an investment of cash into the
Company, Uber acquired a minority equity interest in the business. By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the majority of the team
that had worked on this project at Postmates joined Serve as full-time employees. After spinning off from Uber in 2021, Serve established
a commercial partnership with Uber, with deliveries starting in January 2022 on a small scale. In May 2022, Uber announced a pilot program
with Serve, and by June, it executed a commercial-scale agreement with Serve to deploy up to 2,000 of its robots across the United States. Serve’s current fleet consists of over
100 robots, and we plan to expand our fleet by building and deploying hundreds of new robots in the coming years after raising additional
rounds of financing. We have platform-level integrations with the Uber Eats division of Uber and 7-Eleven, Inc. Our strategic investors
include NVIDIA, Uber, 7-Ventures and Delivery Hero’s corporate venture units, alongside other world-class investors. Because we started within a food delivery company,
our team comes with a depth of expertise in food delivery. Additionally, our engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation
and robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc., Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc.
and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based on our proprietary historical delivery
data, approximately half of all food delivery distances in the United States are less than 2.5 miles, making these deliveries
well-suited to delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that can delight customers, improve reliability
for merchants and reduce traffic congestion and vehicle emissions. Moreover, at scale with full utilization and high autonomy, we believe
our robots have the potential to reduce average delivery cost to under $1.00, lower than delivery cost by human couriers today, making
on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in which we operate. In fact, according to a 2024 ARK Invest report, by
using automation to reduce delivery costs, the potential market for food and parcel delivery by robots and drones may grow to as much
as $450 billion globally in 2030. Our Industry and Market Opportunity Despite new technological innovations of the
past few decades as well as growing adoption of online commerce and home delivery, last-mile delivery has remained costly and inefficient.
From 2020 to 2023, DoorDash, Inc. (“Doordash”), the largest food delivery platform in the United States, reported nearly
200% in revenue growth, while cost of revenue increased 235% over that four-year period. Besides on-demand delivery, next-day parcel delivery
has also struggled with last-mile cost. For example, in May 2023, Amazon announced a program to reduce its delivery costs by offering
certain customers $10 to pick up items from nearby stores. A number of factors have contributed to keeping
last-mile costs high: labor shortages, wage inflation, and regulatory pressures to classify gig workers as employees. The aforementioned
factors serve as tailwinds that are expected to accelerate the adoption of automation in last-mile delivery. 1 We
 believe that the evolving landscape of urban mobility will see a shift towards the unbundling
 of traditional vehicular transportation, potentially ushering in an era where specialized
 robots and automated vehicles will play a central role in mobility. After the introduction
 of automobiles in the early 20th century, according to reports, the United States experienced
 a transition from 25 million horses in the 1920s, to over 283 million cars in the 2020s —
 over 11 vehicles replacing one horse. Drawing on this trend, we believe the development of
 specialized, efficient robots in the future has the potential to lead to a similar proliferation
 of robots for every existing vehicle. For example, consider the delivery of goods,
which represents a major application for vehicles today. Deliveries vary by distance, cargo size, cargo sensitivity and timing requirements,
among other factors. Today, most next-day parcels are delivered using trucks, while on-demand food delivery largely takes place in personal
vehicles. Overall, a small percentage of short-distance deliveries are performed on bicycles. As automation is introduced, we believe different
automated technologies will be best suited for different deliveries. Autonomous vehicles (“AVs”) will be best for longer
distance and larger deliveries, though experts currently believe AVs are still many years away from scaled, profitable operation. Delivery
robots and aerial drones, however, have been commercially operating in a variety of environments for several years and are expected to
scale over the coming years. We believe robots are best suited for short-distance deliveries in populated environments, while drones
are best suited for longer distances and less populated areas. When different automated vehicles emerge at scale, we expect to see a
considerable share of deliveries completed using multiple technologies collaboratively. In summary, we believe delivery robots, aerial
drones and AVs are each efficacious for deliveries with different attributes, and all three can work collaboratively to create an efficient
automated last-mile delivery network. The applications of robotics in delivery are wide-ranging, from on-demand food and grocery to convenience
goods, alcohol, pharmaceuticals, parcels and more. According to a 2023 Business Insider report, the market for delivery robots is predicted
to grow to $1 trillion by 2030. As automation decreases the cost of last-mile
delivery and leads to increased adoption, we anticipate opportunities for impact over the long term: ● | Reduced greenhouse gas (“GHG”) Emissions: We believe robots and drones can reduce emissions caused by large vehicles used today for moving small packages. According to a study published in Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment in 2020, GHG emissions from operating delivery robots, including emissions from charging battery and transportation to/from delivery hubs, are over 96% lower than emissions from operating internal combustion engine vehicles. ● | Lower Delivery Costs: While all automated delivery vehicles still require a certain amount of human involvement (for example, in loading, unloading, maintenance and remote supervision), we believe labor is leveraged more efficiently resulting in more deliveries per unit of human effort. Just as automation has done in the past, it is expected that this will reduce delivery costs. ● | Increased On-Demand Adoption: On-demand services are largely luxuries afforded by affluent consumers today. We believe reducing delivery costs could make home delivery services affordable to more people. ● | Easier Reverse Logistics: We believe reducing the cost for last-mile transportation is likely to increase adoption of reverse logistics applications as well (e.g., more convenient package returns). ● | More Local Commerce: We believe that the increased adoption of home delivery will result in more commerce for local businesses. As automation increases the efficiency of last-mile
delivery, we anticipate significant opportunities for impact by lowering delivery costs, increasing on-demand adoption, making reverse
logistics easier, and increasing local commerce activity in addition to providing an environmentally-friendly alternative. Recent Developments Management Team Update On April 9, 2024, we announced the appointment
of Brian Read as our new Chief Financial Officer, effective on or around April 29, 2024 (such actual effective date, the “Read
Effective Date”). Mr. Read will succeed our current Chief Financial Officer, April Pannell, whose resignation from her position
as Chief Financial Officer will become effective on the Read Effective Date. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Read served as a Controller
for Apptronik Inc. from April 2023 to April 2024, as a Global Controller at REE Automotive Ltd. from February 2021 to March 2023 and
as an Assistant Global Controller at Coherent Corp. from January 2019 to January 2021. Mr. Read was also an associate and senior associate
at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from July 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Read holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Accounting)
from Duquesne University and is a Certified Public Accountant (Pennsylvania). 2 Magna Services Agreement On February 1, 2024, Serve entered into a Master
Services Agreement (the “MSA”) with Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. (“Magna”), retroactively effective as of January
15, 2024 (the “Effective Date”). Pursuant to the MSA, Serve agreed to provide certain services to Magna as described in one
or more statements of work (“SOWs”). Such SOWs will contain a description of the scope, the time to be spent on performance,
the fees to be paid to Serve, the functional requirements and technical specifications and, to the extent applicable, the timetable,
schedule or milestones for the performance of the requested services. Serve and Magna entered into the first SOW on the Effective Date.
The term of the MSA commenced on the Effective Date and will continue for a term of three months, unless terminated earlier or mutually
extended in accordance with its terms. In connection with the strategic partnership
with Magna, on February 7, 2024, we issued to Magna a warrant (the “Magna Warrant”) to purchase up to 2,145,000 shares of
our common stock (the “Magna Warrant Shares”), subject to adjustments as provided therein, at an exercise price of $0.01
per share. The
 Magna Warrant will be exercisable in two equal tranches: (i) the first tranche will become
 exercisable no later than May 15, 2024, subject to certain conditions; and (ii) the second
 tranche will become exercisable upon Magna’s achievement of a certain manufacturing
 milestone as set forth in a production and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect
 to the contract manufacturing of our autonomous delivery robots by Magna or its affiliates.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the shares issued upon exercise of the Magna Warrant will
 vest and become exercisable upon any “change of control” (as defined in the Magna
 Warrant). The shares of common stock that may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of the Magna Warrant are being offered and sold in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Convertible Promissory Notes Offering At an initial closing on January 2, 2024
and subsequent closings on January 12, 2024, January 22, 2024 and January 26, 2024, we issued convertible promissory notes (the “Convertible
Promissory Notes”) to certain accredited investors (the “Purchasers”). The Convertible Promissory Notes bear interest
at a rate of 6.00% per year, compounded annually, and are due and payable upon request by each Purchaser on or after the 12-month anniversary
of the original issuance date of each Convertible Promissory Note. The Company may not prepay or repay the Convertible Promissory Notes
in cash without the consent of the Purchasers. The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Promissory Notes were
$5.0 million. Pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Promissory
Notes, in connection with this offering, the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Promissory Notes and any unpaid accrued
interest shall automatically convert in whole without any further action by the Purchasers into shares of common stock at a conversion
price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the cash price paid per share for common stock by the Investors in the Qualified Financing
multiplied by 0.75, and (ii) the quotient resulting from dividing $80,000,000 by the number of outstanding shares of common stock immediately
prior to the Qualified Financing (assuming the conversion of all outstanding securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of
common stock, including all shares reserved and available for future grant under the Company’s compensation plans) (the “Conversion
Price”). 3 The
 Convertible Promissory Notes provide for certain registration rights, pursuant to which we
 agreed that as soon as practicable, but no later than 45 days after the date of issuance
 of any shares upon the conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes (the “Conversion
 Shares”), we will use our best efforts to file, subject to customary exceptions, a
 registration statement with the SEC covering the Conversion Shares. In connection with the issuance of the shares
issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes, we will issue non-transferrable warrants to the placement agent engaged
for the Convertible Promissory Notes offering (the “Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants”) to purchase such number
of shares of our common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock into which the Convertible Promissory Notes sold to
investors introduced by the placement agent are initially convertible. The Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants will be exercisable
at the same price as the Conversion Price. The Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants shall be for a term of five years from
the date of issuance and shall have cashless exercise and such other provisions as are customary for warrants of this nature. The shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants will be registered under the registration
statement to be filed with respect to the Conversion Shares. The issuance of the Convertible Promissory Notes
and the Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants are exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Merger Agreement On July 31, 2023, we, our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Serve Acquisition Co., a corporation formed in the State of Delaware on July 10, 2023 (“Acquisition Sub”), and Serve
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, on July 31, 2023 (the “Closing Date”), Acquisition Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing
as the surviving corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary (the “Merger”). As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business
of Serve, which designs, develops and operates an advanced, AI-powered robotics mobility platform, with last-mile delivery in cities
as its first application. See “ Description of our Business ” below. At the time the certificate of merger reflecting
the Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware (the “Effective Time”), each of Serve’s shares of capital
stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into the right to receive 0.8035 shares
of our common stock (the “Common Share Conversion Ratio”) (in the case of shares held by accredited investors), with the
maximum number of shares of our common stock issuable to the former holders of Serve’s capital stock equal to 20,948,917 shares
after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, an aggregate of 3,500,000 shares
of Company common stock owned by our stockholders prior to the Merger were forfeited and canceled (the “Stock Forfeiture”).
In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) options to purchase 1,984,951 shares of Serve’s common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger under Serve Robotics Inc. 2021 Stock Plan (the “2021 Plan”)
were assumed and converted into options to purchase 1,594,800 shares of our common stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 17,314 shares
of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted into warrants
to purchase 13,911 shares of our common stock, (iii) warrants to purchase 160,323 shares of Serve’s Series Seed
preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted into warrants to purchase
128,819 shares of our common stock and (iv) simple agreement for future equity (“SAFEs”) totaling $15.55 million
were converted into 4,372,613 shares of our common stock. Following the closing of the Merger, Patricia
Acquisition Corp. changed its name to Serve Robotics Inc. The issuance of shares of our common stock, options or warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock to Serve’s former security holders are collectively referred to as the “Share Conversion.”
See “ Description of Capital Stock ” elsewhere in this prospectus for more information. As a condition to the Merger, on July 31,
2023, we entered into indemnity agreements with our former officer and directors (the “Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreement”),
pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify such former officer and directors for actions taken by them in their official capacities relating
to the consideration, approval and consummation of the Merger and certain related transactions. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization
and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes. Serve is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes. Our historical
financial statements before the Merger have been replaced with the historical financial statements of Serve before the Merger in the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and in future filings with the SEC. The Merger is intended to be treated as
a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). 4 The
 securities issued pursuant to the Share Conversion (the “Converted Securities”)
 were not registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration
 provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which exempts transactions by an issuer
 not involving any public offering, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC
 thereunder. The Converted Securities may not be offered or sold in the U.S. absent registration
 or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement. The Converted Securities are
 also subject to further contractual restrictions on transfer under the lock-up agreement,
 pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, applicable holders are not to dispose of
 or hedge any shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares
 of common stock during the period from July 31, 2023, the date of the lock-up agreement,
 continuing through the date 12 months after the date of the lockup agreement. Private Placement Following the Effective Time of the Merger, we
sold 3,183,671 shares of our common stock pursuant to a private placement offering, at a purchase price of $4.00 per share
in multiple closings through October 26, 2023. The private placement offering is referred to herein as the “Private Placement.”
We also issued 937,961 shares of our common stock to convert the outstanding principal and interest of outstanding Bridge Notes
(as defined herein) in connection with the consummation of the Merger. The aggregate gross proceeds from the Private
Placement were approximately $15.74 million (including the aggregate principal amount of Bridge Notes converted as more fully described
in the section titled “ Description of the Merger, the Offering, and Related Transactions ,” before deducting placement
agent fees and expenses). The Offering was exempt from registration under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The common stock
was sold to “accredited investors,” as defined in Regulation D, and was conducted on a “reasonable best efforts”
basis. Summary Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves substantial
risk. Our ability to execute our strategy is also subject to certain risks. The risks described under the heading “ Risk Factors ”
included elsewhere in this prospectus may cause us not to realize the full benefits of our strengths or may cause us to be unable to
successfully execute all or part of our strategy. Some of the most significant challenges and risks include the following: ● | Because we are an early-stage company with minimal revenue and a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, we cannot assure you that we can or will be able to operate profitably. ● | We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. ● | If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. ● | A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with one customer. ● | Our future revenue plans rely on partnering with third-party delivery platforms, brand sponsors and/or direct sales to merchants. ● | Failure of our service providers or disruptions to our outsourcing relationships might negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. ● | Our robots operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity issues, third-party software, or automation may adversely affect our commercial relationships. 5 ● | Our robots rely on sophisticated software technology that incorporates third-party components and networks to operate, and the inability to maintain licenses for this software technology, errors in the software we license or the terms of open-source licenses could result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business. ● | The benefit of our products could be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more effective way. ● | We have limited experience commercializing our products at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. ● | We are substantially reliant on our relationships with suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our robots, as well as for the manufacture of our robots. If any of these suppliers or service partners choose to not do business with us, we would have significant difficulty in procuring and producing our robots and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. ● | The evolving regulations around personal delivery devices (“PDDs”) could materially impact our business and growth prospects in new markets. ● | Defects, glitches, or malfunctions in our products or the software that operates them, failure of our products to perform as expected, connectivity issues or operator errors may result in product recalls, lower than expected return on investment for customers and could cause significant safety concerns, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation. ● | Even if our products perform properly and are used as intended, if operators sustain any injuries while using our products, we could be exposed to liability and our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation may be adversely affected. ● | We operate in a competitive industry that is subject to rapid technological change, and competitors may have or attain more resources and/or greater market recognition than we do. ● | If we cannot protect, maintain and, if necessary, enforce our intellectual property rights, our ability to develop and commercialize products will be adversely impacted. ● | Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. ● | Our business plans require a significant amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders or contain terms unfavorable to us or our investors. ● | We will be required to raise additional capital in order to develop our technology and scale our commercial delivery operations. However, we may be unable to raise additional capital needed to fund and grow our business. ● | If use of the internet via websites, mobile devices and other platforms, particularly with respect to online food ordering, does not continue, our business and growth prospects will be harmed. ● | Our products and services are disruptive to the delivery services industries, and important assumptions about the market demand, pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle, for our current and future products and services may be inaccurate. ● | Even if we successfully market our products and services, the purchase or subscription, adoption and use of the products and services may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist the use and adoption of the products and services. 6 ● | Our systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. ● | We, any manufacturing partners, and suppliers may rely on complex machinery for production, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance and costs. ● | We may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with our operations. ● | Our ability to manufacture products of sufficient quality on schedule in the future is uncertain, and delays in the design, production and launch of our products could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. ● | We are subject to cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our products and data processed by us or third-party vendors. ● | We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth
Company and a Smaller Reporting Company As a company with less than $1.235 billion
in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS Act”). An “emerging growth company” may take advantage of reduced
reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: ● | being permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” disclosure in our periodic reports and registration statements, including this prospectus; ● | reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; ● | not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended, on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements, including this prospectus; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may use these provisions until the last day
of our fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement
occurs. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of such five-year period, including if we become a “large accelerated
filer,” our annual gross revenues exceed $1.235 billion or we issue more than $1.00 billion of non-convertible debt in
any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five-year period. We have elected to take advantage of certain
of the reduced disclosure obligations in the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and may elect to take advantage
of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different
than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. 7 The
 JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition
 period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, until those standards apply
 to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
 transition period and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting
 standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Our financial
 statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new
 or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an emerging growth
 company or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B)
 of the Securities Act upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies
 to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private
 companies, we will disclose the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting
 standard. We are also a “smaller reporting company,”
meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the proposed aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result
of this offering is less than $700 million and our annual revenue is less than $100 million during the most recently completed
fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company after this offering if either (i) the market value of our stock held
by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than $100 million during the most recently
completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting
company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements
that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two
most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies,
smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware as Patricia
Acquisition Corp. on November 9, 2020. On July 31, 2023, Serve Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Serve. Following the
Merger, Serve was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted
into shares of our common stock. The business of Serve became our business as a result of the Merger. Following the consummation of the
Merger, Serve changed its name to “Serve Operating Co.” Immediately after completion of the Merger, we changed our name to
“Serve Robotics Inc.” Prior to the Merger, Patricia Acquisition Corp.
was a “shell” company registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
with no specific business plan or purpose until it began operating the business of Serve following the closing of the Merger. Our principal executive offices are located at
730 Broadway, Redwood City, California 94063. Our telephone number is (818) 860-1352. Our website address is http://www.serverobotics.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. All trademarks, service marks and trade names
appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other parties’ trademarks, trade
dress, or products in this prospectus is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsements or sponsorship of,
us by the trademark owners. 8 THE
 OFFERING Common stock offered by us | shares of our common stock
Option to purchase additional shares | We have granted the underwriter an option, exercisable for 45 days after closing of this offering, to purchase up to additional shares of common stock from us at the public offering price per share less the underwriting discounts and commissions, solely to cover over-allotments, if any.
Common stock outstanding immediately after this offering | shares (or shares if the underwriter exercises its option to purchase additional shares in full)
Use of proceeds | We estimate that our net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock that we are offering will be approximately $35.7 million (or approximately $41.3 million if the underwriter exercises its option to purchase additional shares in full), based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our financial flexibility, create a public market for our common stock and facilitate our future access to the capital markets. We currently intend to use approximately $35.0 million of the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, to fund the research and development of the next generations of our robots, including certain manufacturing activities and the planned geographic expansion of our fleet into new areas, and the remainder, if any, for working capital and other general corporate purposes. See the section titled “ Use of Proceeds ” for additional information.
Underwriter’s Warrants | We have agreed to issue to the underwriter warrants to purchase up to shares of our common stock, which equates to 5.0% of the number of shares of our common stock sold in the offering, other than shares sold pursuant to exercise of the over-allotment option described below, if any (the “Underwriter’s Warrants”). The warrants are exercisable at $ per share (125% of the public offering price per share of common stock) and will be exercisable beginning on the date which is six months from the commencement of sales under the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, will expire five years from such commencement of sales, and carry certain registration rights. Such warrants and underlying shares of common stock are included in this prospectus. For additional information, see “ Underwriting .”
Company Standstill | We have agreed that, without the prior written consent of the underwriter, we will not, for a period of twelve (12) months from the closing of this offering, subject to certain exceptions, (a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity securities; (b) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the SEC relating to the offering of any of our equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity securities; or (c) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our securities. For additional information, see “ Underwriting .”
Lock-up | We and our directors, executive officers, employees and principal stockholders (holding 5% or more of our common stock have agreed that, without the prior written consent of the underwriter, they will not, subject to certain exceptions, during the period ending 180 days after the date of this prospectus, offer, sell, contract to sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our common stock. For additional information, see “ Underwriting .” Furthermore, in connection with the initial closing of the Private Placement, all officers, directors, and certain principal stockholders (holding 5% or more of our common stock) agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to dispose of or hedge any shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock during the period from July 31, 2023, the date of the lock-up agreement signed in connection with the Private Placement, through July 31, 2024. 9 Potential insider participation | Certain of our stockholders and their affiliates have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of common stock in this offering with an aggregate value of approximately $4.5 million at the assumed public offering price. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering to any of these parties, or any of these parties may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. The underwriter will receive the same underwriting discount on any shares purchased by these parties as they will on any other shares sold to the public in this offering.
Risk factors | You should read the “ Risk Factors ” section of this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock.
Proposed Nasdaq trading symbol | “SERV” The
 number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on an aggregate
 of 27,074,766 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect to (i)
 the issuance of 2,099,490 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of our
 convertible promissory notes (based upon the conversion price of $2.42 per share (calculated
 based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of
 our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)) and (ii)17,462 shares of our common
 stock to be issued upon the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants (as defined below)
 (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing
 price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)), each immediately prior to the
 completion of this offering, but excludes: ● | 1,515,386 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2023 that were subject to options originally granted under the 2021 Plan, with a weighted-average exercise price of $0.61 per share; ● | 1,313,949 shares of common stock available for issuance under the Serve Robotics Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”) with a weighted-average exercise price of $4.00 per share;
● | outstanding Bridge Warrants (as defined herein) to purchase an aggregate of 468,971 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Bridge Broker Warrants (as defined herein) to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent A Warrants (as defined below) to purchase an aggregate of 153,909 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $4.00 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent B Warrants (as defined below) to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $0.001 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,911 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $3.89 per share as of December 31, 2023 assumed by us in connection with the Merger; ● | outstanding warrant to purchase an aggregate of 2,145,000 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $0.01 per share issued to Magna in February 2024; ● | Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 633,266 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $2.42 per share (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)); and ● | Underwriter’s Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 444,444 shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with this offering. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus
assumes: ● | the automatic conversion of our convertible promissory notes into shares of common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering; ● | the cashless exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase 128,819 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $3.89 as of December 31, 2023 (the “Wavemaker Warrants”) immediately prior to the completion of this offering, pursuant to the terms therein, into an aggregate of shares of common stock (based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share); ● | no exercise or cancellation of other outstanding options and warrants or the repurchase of outstanding unvested restricted stock awards subsequent to December 31, 2023; and ● | no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. 10 SUMMARY
 FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables set forth summary financial
data as of, and for the years ended, December 31, 2023 and 2022 and should be read together with our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes, as well as the sections of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary financial data
in this section is not intended to replace the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical
results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future period. Year Ended December 31, | Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Revenues | $ | 207,545 | 107,819
Cost of revenues | 1,730,262 | 1,148,426
Gross loss | (1,522,717 | ) | (1,040,607 | )
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 4,618,499 | 3,786,124
Operations | 2,564,930 | 2,035,063
Research and development | 9,947,258 | 13,565,765
Sales and marketing | 605,205 | 525,494
Impairment of long-lived assets | 1,468,995 | -
Total operating expenses | 19,204,887 | 19,912,446
Loss from operations | (20,727,604 | ) | (20,953,053 | )
Other income (expense), net:
Interest expense, net | (2,264,426 | ) | (636,330 | )
Change in fair value of derivative liability | (149,000 | ) | -
Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity | (1,672,706 | ) | (265,744 | )
Total other income (expense), net | (4,086,132 | ) | (902,074 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | $ | (24,813,736 | ) | $ | (21,855,127 | )
Weighted average common shares outstanding – basic and diluted | 14,204,078 | 6,896,769
Net loss per common share – basic and diluted | $ | (1.75 | ) | $ | (3.17 | ) 11 Key
Metrics We regularly review the following key business
metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make
strategic decisions: Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
(Unaudited) | (Unaudited)
Key Metrics
Daily Active Robots | 34 | 28
Daily Supply Hours | 260 | 211 Daily Active Robots: We define daily active
robots as the average number of robots performing daily deliveries during the period. Daily active robots reflect our operation team’s
capacity to have active robots in the field performing deliveries and/or generating branding revenues. We closely monitor and strive
to increase our daily active robots efficiently as we improve our autonomy and resultant human-to-robot ratios and increase the number
of merchants and brand advertisers on our platform. Daily Supply Hours: We define daily supply
hours as the average number of hours our robots are ready to accept offers and perform daily deliveries during the period. Supply hours
represent the aggregate number of robot hours per day during which we can utilize our robots for delivery. Supply hours increase as we
add active robots and increase the operating window of those robots in a day. We closely monitor and strive to efficiently increase our
fleet’s daily supply hours. 12 RISK FACTORS Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information set forth in this prospectus, you should carefully
consider the risk factors discussed below when considering an investment in our common stock and any risk factors that may be set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement, any related free writing prospectus, as well as the other information contained in this prospectus,
any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the market price of our common
stock could decline, and you could lose some or all of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Because we are an early-stage company with
minimal revenue and a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, we cannot assure
you that we can or will be able to operate profitably. We are an early-stage company. We were formed
and commenced operations in January 2021. We face all the risks faced by newer companies, including significant competition from
existing and emerging competitors, some of which are established and have better access to capital. In addition, as a new business, we
may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition
from an early-stage company to a company capable of supporting larger scale commercial activities. If we are not successful in such a
transition, our business, results and financial condition will be harmed. We have not been profitable to date, and we expect
operating losses for the near future. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we generated revenue of $0.21 million
and $0.11 million, respectively, and we incurred net losses of approximately $24.81 million and $21.86 million, respectively.
There can be no assurance that we will not continue to incur net losses in the future. We may not succeed in expanding our customer base
and product offerings and even if we do, may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. Even if we do
achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Furthermore, we may not
be able to control overhead expenses even where our operations successfully expand. Our failure to become and remain profitable would
depress our value and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or even continue
our operations. We have a limited operating history, which
may make it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. We face the risks associated with businesses
in their early stages, with limited operating histories and whose prospects are hard to evaluate. Any evaluation of our business and
our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, delays, difficulties and expenses commonly experienced by companies at
this stage, which generally include unanticipated problems and additional costs relating to the development and testing of products,
product approval or clearance, regulatory compliance, production, product introduction and marketing and competition. For example, we
have incurred losses for each of the past few years, driven mainly by our investments in research and development costs. Many of these
factors are beyond the control of our management. In addition, our performance will be subject to other factors beyond our control, including
general economic conditions and conditions in the robotics industry. Accordingly, our business and success face risks from uncertainties
faced by developing companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we
will ultimately be able to attain profitability. Our auditor has issued a “going concern”
opinion. Our auditor has issued a “going concern”
opinion on our financial statements, which means they are not sure that we will be able to succeed as a business without additional financing.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the date of our last audited financial statements, we generated $0.21 million in revenue,
and we sustained a net loss of $24.81 million. We had an accumulated deficit of $68.33 million as of December 31, 2023. Our
ability to continue as a going concern until we reach profitability is dependent upon our ability to generate cash from operating activities
and to raise additional capital to fund our operations. While we were successful in raising a cumulative total of approximately $5.0
million in debt financing through February 23, 2024, our ongoing operational expenses are now approximately $1.7 million per month
without yet generating any material corresponding revenue. Our failure to raise additional capital could have a negative impact on not
only our financial condition but also our ability to execute our business plan. 13 If we fail to effectively manage our growth,
we may not be able to design, develop, manufacture, market and launch new generations of our robotic systems successfully. We intend to invest significantly in order to
expand our business. Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results. We intend to expand our operations significantly. We expect our expansion to include: ● | expanding the management, engineering, and product teams; ● | identifying and recruiting individuals with the appropriate relevant experience; ● | hiring and training new personnel; ● | launching commercialization of new products and services; ● | forecasting production and revenue; ● | entering into relationships with one or more third-party design for manufacturing partners and third-party contract manufacturers and/or expanding our internal manufacturing capabilities; ● | controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; ● | carrying out acquisitions and entering into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships; ● | expanding and enhancing internal information technology, safety and security systems; ● | conducting demonstrations; ● | entering into agreements with suppliers and service providers; and ● | implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems, and processes. Should achieved market penetration warrant, we
intend to continue to hire a significant number of additional personnel, including engineers, design, production, operations personnel
and service technicians for our robotic systems and services. Because of the innovative nature of our technology, individuals with the
necessary experience may not be available to hire, and as a result, we will need to expend significant time and expense, to recruit and
retain experienced employees and appropriately train any newly hired employees. Competition for individuals with experience designing,
producing and servicing robots and their software is intense, and we may not be able to attract, integrate, train, motivate or retain
additional highly qualified personnel. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these additional employees could
seriously harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our revenues and profits are subject to
fluctuations. It is difficult to accurately forecast our revenues
and operating results, and these could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include adverse changes
in companies’ interests in our robotic delivery and branding services, companies’ available dollars to invest on our services,
general economic conditions, our ability to market our company to companies, headcount and other operating costs and general industry
and regulatory conditions and requirements. Our operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and
others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant and could impact our ability to operate our business. 14 A significant portion of our revenue is
concentrated with one customer. A
 significant portion of our revenue is concentrated with one customer, Uber. For the years
 ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, sales to Uber accounted for 71% and 50%
 of our total revenue, respectively. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage
 of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. If Uber were to breach,
 cancel or amend our agreement to produce our robots, it may have an outsized effect on our
 revenue, cash on hand and profitability. In addition, we may have an increased interest in
 accepting less favorable terms of any amendment as a result. We are dependent on general economic conditions. Our business model is dependent on companies
purchasing our robotic delivery and branding services. Our business model is thus dependent on national and international economic conditions.
Uncertain economic conditions have created volatility in the U.S. Such adverse national and international economic conditions may reduce
the future availability of dollars companies have to spend on our services, which would negatively impact our revenues and possibly our
ability to continue operations. For example, rising labor costs in recent years have led to increased interest in last-mile automation,
while higher interest rates have resulted in a decrease in investment activity and overall capital allocation to hardware startups. The
worsening of global economic conditions has in the past adversely affected, and could in the future, adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations, and the worsening of economic conditions in certain specific regions of the country could impact
the expansion and success of our businesses in such areas. Our directors may be engaged in a range
of business activities that could result in conflicts of interest. We may be subject to various potential conflicts
of interest because some of our officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities. In addition, our executive officers
and directors may devote time to their outside business interests, so long as such activities do not materially or adversely interfere
with their duties owed to us. In some cases, our executive officers and directors may have fiduciary obligations associated with these
business interests that interfere with their ability to devote time to our business and affairs and that could adversely affect our operations.
These business interests could require significant time and attention of our executive officers and directors. In addition, we may also
become involved in other transactions which conflict with the interests of our directors and the officers who may from time-to-time deal
with persons, firms, institutions or companies with which we may be dealing, or which may be seeking investments similar to those desired
by us. The interests of these persons could conflict with our interests. For example, one of our directors, James Buckley Jordan, currently
serves as a director, officer, or advisor to multiple companies, including Miso Robotics and Vebu Labs, that compete in our industry,
robotics and automation. Unfavorable
changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of
operations. Fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange
rates may negatively impact our business. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic
conditions, both domestic and foreign, and the monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Any of
such widespread economic conditions could negatively impact our supply chain partners and the industry as a whole, which could materially
decrease our profits and cash flow. We have experienced increased costs in acquiring parts for our robots as a result of the global semiconductor
industry facing shortages in supply as well as inflation and increased interest rates. We, or our supply chain partners, could continue
to increase prices as a result of other adverse macroeconomic conditions. 15 The inability of our supply chain to deliver
certain key electrical components, such as semiconductors, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Certain highly complex components used to manufacture
our robots are obtained from single or limited sources that we may have to compete for with other participants in the robotics, consumer
electronics, and automotive markets. If our supply chain fails to deliver products to us in sufficient quality and quantity on a timely
basis, we will be challenged to meet our target production and development timelines and could incur significant additional expenses
for expedited freight and other related costs. Our supply chain may also be adversely impacted by events outside of our control, including
macroeconomic events, trade restrictions and economic recessions. For example, throughout 2022, we experienced delays in supply chain
deliveries, extended lead times and shortages of key components. Supply chain disruptions may delay the timing of production and maintenance
of our robots, which in turn could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our robots are reliant on semiconductors. In
recent years, there has been an ongoing shortage of semiconductors. The semiconductor supply chain is complex, with capacity constraints
occurring throughout. We have and will continue to work closely with our suppliers to minimize any potential adverse impacts of the global
semiconductor chip shortage and monitor the availability of semiconductor chips and other key components and any other supply chain inefficiencies
that may arise. In an effort to mitigate these risks, in some cases, we may have to incur higher costs due to investment in supply chain
resiliency and to secure available inventory or make non-cancellable purchase commitments with semiconductor suppliers, which introduce
inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions prove inaccurate. Furthermore, if we are not able to mitigate the impact of the semiconductor
chip shortage, any direct or indirect supply chain disruptions may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Our failure to attract and retain highly
qualified personnel in the future could harm our business. We are an innovative technology company. We may
not be able to locate or attract qualified individuals for important positions, such as software engineers, robotics engineers, machine
vision and machine learning experts and others, which could affect our ability to grow and expand our business. We may also face intense
competition for qualified individuals from numerous other companies, including other similarly situated technology companies, many of
whom have greater financial and other resources than we do. In addition, new hires often require significant
training and, in many cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. For example, we recently appointed a new Chief
Financial Officer, effective on or around April 29, 2024, and there may be future changes to our executive management team resulting
from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain qualified
personnel, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards, and
we may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training
them. Moreover, new employees may not be or become as productive as we expect, as we may face challenges in adequately or appropriately
integrating them into our workforce and culture. If we are unable to attract, integrate and retain suitably qualified individuals who
can meet our technical, operational and managerial requirements, on a timely basis or at all, our business, results of operation and
financial condition could be adversely affected. Litigation or legal proceedings could expose
us to significant liabilities, occupy a considerable amount of our management’s time and attention and damage our reputation. We may, from time to time, be a party to various
litigation claims and legal proceedings. We will evaluate these claims and proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes
and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Claims made or threatened by our suppliers, distributors, customers, competitors
or current or former employees could adversely affect our relationships, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. The costs associated with defending legal claims and paying damages could be substantial.
Our reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 16 Our future revenue plans rely on partnering
with third-party delivery platforms, brand sponsors and/or direct sales to merchants. Our largest stream of projected revenue comes
from maximizing utilization of our robots to perform deliveries. We may be unable to maximize utilization due to a variety of reasons,
including insufficient merchant participation, platform partner matching algorithms, failure to deliver a commercial grade product and
a lack of product acceptance by merchants and/or delivery recipients. To date, we have been able to continually increase our robot utilization
in our partnership with Uber driven by the continued improvement in our integration, high merchant participation and widespread product
acceptance by users of the Uber platform. We have not yet achieved such levels of utilization with our other partners because those integrations
are less complete. To best achieve profitability, we would need to continue to improve our utilization targets with Uber above current
levels and maintain those levels with other partners as well. As this requires cooperation by third parties, there is no guarantee that
it will be achieved within a specific timeframe. Our financial projections also anticipate generating
revenues from brand sponsors who would pay to place their branding on our robots as a form of out-of-home (“OOH”) branding.
OOH branding on robots is a new phenomenon and as such, an unproven model. To date, for our limited number of robots, we have been able
to run periodic OOH advertising campaigns with several brands in varying sectors including real estate, fashion and entertainment, with
22% and 50% of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, coming from OOH advertising. In
the future, if we are unable to realize these sales, our business model and go-to-market strategy will be jeopardized. Failure of our service providers or disruptions
to our outsourcing relationships may negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. Certain of our remote piloting services are currently
provided by third-party vendors, and sometimes from service centers outside of the United States. Services provided pursuant to
arrangements with these third-party vendors could be disrupted due to events outside of their control such as power failures, cybersecurity
incidents, internet traffic congestion or increased latency or deterioration in their economic condition. Similarly, the expiration of
agreements associated with such arrangements or the transition of services between providers could lead to loss of institutional knowledge
or service disruptions. While we have not experienced material impact of such disruptions to date, our reliance on others as service
providers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. Our robots operate in public spaces and
any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity issues, third-party software or automation may adversely affect our commercial
relationships. Our ability to attract and retain customers (including
merchants, platform partners and brand sponsors) is heavily dependent on our ability to provide a safe and reliable service. Our safety
and security track record have been instrumental in helping us attract and retain our existing customers. Because we operate on public
sidewalks, the performance of our robots is highly visible and we have to maintain the highest standards for public safety. Our operating
procedures and automated systems are designed to ensure that our robots yield the right of way to vehicles, pedestrians, and other sidewalk
and road users. Examples include only crossing controlled intersections during a pedestrian “walk” signal and slowing down
or stopping if a pedestrian approaches the robot from any direction. Our partners, such as Uber, require timely reporting of any material
safety incidents, and if they are not able to ascertain our ability to maintain safe operations, our commercial relationships may be
jeopardized. To date, we have not experienced material safety incidents nor have our partners raised any concerns about our safety standards
and track record. However, any actual or perceived public safety incidents that may be caused by our human supervisors, network connectivity
issues, third-party software or automation may put our commercial relationships and financial viability at risk. 17 Our robots rely on sophisticated software
technology that incorporate third-party components and networks to operate, and the inability to maintain licenses for software technology,
errors in the software we license or the terms of open-source licenses could result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which
would adversely affect our business. Our robots require certain third-party software
and networks to function safely and effectively, and our business relies on certain third-party software obtained under licenses from
other companies. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software in the future. Although we believe that there
are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may
be difficult or costly to replace. In addition, integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial
investment of our time and resources. Our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license
agreements with third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of the risks associated with
the use of third-party software cannot be eliminated, and these risks could negatively affect our business. Furthermore, performance
degradation or lack of access to such software and networks can result in poor delivery performance or even grounding of our entire fleet
until it is resolved, which can adversely impact our ability to continue our operations. Additionally, the software powering our technology
systems incorporates software covered by open-source licenses. The terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S.
courts, and there is a risk that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on
our ability to operate our systems. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open-source
license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code or re-engineer all or a portion of our technology
systems, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technology systems. Such risk could be difficult or impossible to eliminate
and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The benefits to customers of our products
could be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more
effective way. The benefits to customers of our products could
be supplanted by other technologies or solutions or competitors’ products that utilize similar technology to ours in a more effective
way. We cannot be sure that alternative technologies or improvements to artificial intelligence, industrial automation or other technologies,
processes or industries will not match or exceed the benefits of our products or be more cost effective than our products. The development
of any alternative technology that can compete with or supplant our products may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results, including in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to develop new or enhanced
technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay our development and introduction of
new and enhanced products, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our robotic systems and solutions, decreased revenue
and a loss of market share to competitors. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to new or changing technologies.
While we plan to upgrade and adapt our robotic systems and solutions as we or others develop new technology, our robotic systems and
solutions may not compete effectively with alternative products if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into
our systems and solutions. We have limited experience commercializing
our products at a large scale and may not be able to do so efficiently or effectively. We
 have limited experience commercializing robotic systems at a large scale and may not be able
 to do so efficiently or effectively. A key element of our long-term business strategy is
 the continued growth in sales, marketing, training, customer service and maintenance and
 servicing operations, including hiring personnel with the necessary experience. Managing
 and maintaining these operations is expensive and time consuming, and an inability to leverage
 such an organization effectively or at all could inhibit potential sales or subscriptions
 and the penetration and adoption of our products into new markets. In addition, certain decisions
 we make regarding staffing in these areas in our efforts to maintain an adequate spending
 level could have unintended negative effects on our revenues, such as by weakening the sales,
 marketing and maintenance and servicing infrastructures or lowering the quality of customer
 service. 18 We
are substantially reliant on our relationships with suppliers and service providers for the parts and components in our robots, as well
as for the manufacture of our robots. If any of these suppliers or service partners choose to not do business with us, we would have
significant difficulty in procuring and producing our robots and our business prospects would be significantly harmed. Our robots contain hundreds of components which
are assembled by third-party manufacturing partners. Collaboration with third parties for the manufacturing of robots is subject to risks
with respect to operations that are outside our control. Global supply chain problems directly impact our ability to obtain these components
cost-effectively. We could experience delays to the extent our current or future partners do not continue doing business with us, meet
agreed upon timelines, experience capacity constraints or otherwise are unable to deliver components or manufacture robots as expected.
For example, we have had to delay increasing the number of robots in our fleet due to previous third-party supply restraints. Serve has
an agreement with a leading LIDAR vendor to purchase LIDARs at highly competitive prices within a limited timeframe. Failure to leverage
this agreement, or secure similar supplier agreements for components that may face availability constraints due to supply chain disruptions
can result in higher prices for those components, which in turn increases the cost of manufacturing robots and result in an adverse financial
impact to our delivery economics. There is risk of potential disputes with partners,
and we could be affected by adverse publicity related to our partners whether or not such publicity is related to their collaboration
with us. Our ability to successfully build a premium brand could also be adversely affected by perceptions about the quality of our partner
manufacturers’ robots or other robots manufactured by the same partner. In addition, although we intend to be involved in material
decisions in the supply chain and manufacturing process, given that we also rely on our partners to meet our quality standards, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain high quality standards. We may in the future enter into strategic alliances,
including joint ventures or minority equity investments, with various third parties to further our business purpose. These alliances
could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third
party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. The evolving regulations around personal
delivery devices (“PDDs”) could materially impact our business and growth prospects in new markets. Sidewalk robots, as opposed to autonomous vehicles
operating on public streets, are not by default prohibited from operations in most jurisdictions. But there is no guarantee that the
current permissive environment will not change in the future, especially as more sidewalk robots get deployed. While we currently have
the requisite permits and support from local municipalities in areas we operate, any change in regulations or permit requirements could
adversely impact our business. Therefore, we proactively engage with lawmakers, academics, standards-setting organizations, urban planning
nonprofits, disability rights advocates, senior citizen organizations and regional bicycle coalitions to anticipate and mitigate potential
regulatory challenges. Over a dozen states across the United States
have enacted legislation regulating PDDs, using a definition that includes sidewalk robots such as ours. While these regulations have
been largely industry-friendly and intended to streamline the rollout of PDDs in those jurisdictions, they are not yet uniform and may
present some challenges as we seek to deploy in new markets. For example, Washington State and the District of Columbia have a 100 lbs.
unladen weight restriction and the City of Santa Monica prohibits the operation of autonomous devices on sidewalks, that would require
amending in order for us to expand into those jurisdictions. Furthermore, the cellular network and radio systems
contained in our robots are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”), which allocates cellular and
wireless bandwidth to ensure minimal conflict between operators. And the battery packs within our robots use custom lithium-ion cells.
The transportation and effective storage of lithium-ion batteries is tightly regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation and other
regulatory bodies. Any failure to comply with the Department of Transportation’s storage and transport requirements or the FCC’s
regulations on wireless communications could result in fines, loss of permits and licenses or other regulatory consequences, which could
limit our ability to manufacture and deliver our robotic systems and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 19 Defects, glitches, or malfunctions in our
products or the software that operates them, failure of our products to perform as expected, connectivity issues or operator errors may
result in product recalls, lower than expected return on investment for customers and could cause significant safety concerns, each of
which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation. The design, manufacture=, and marketing of our
products involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, glitches, malfunctions, connectivity issues between the central
processing unit and peripheral vehicle subsystems, operator errors, unanticipated use of our robotic systems and inadequate disclosure
of risks relating to the use of sidewalk robots, among other inherent risks, can lead to injury, property damage or other adverse events.
We conduct extensive testing of our units, in some instances in collaboration with our customers, to ensure that any such issues can
be identified and addressed in advance of commercial launch of the products. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to identify all such issues or that, if identified, efforts to address them will be effective in all cases. In addition, if the manufacturing of our products
is outsourced, we may not be aware of manufacturing defects that could occur. Such adverse events could lead to unexpected failures in
our products and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of our products from the market. A product recall could result in significant
costs. To the extent any manufacturing defect occurs, our agreement with the third-party manufacturer may contain a limitation on the
third-party manufacturer’s liability, and therefore we could be required to incur the majority of related costs. Product defects
or recalls could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation or, in the event of regulatory developments, delays in new
product acceptance. Our products incorporate sophisticated computer
software. Complex software frequently contains errors, especially when first introduced. Our software may experience errors or performance
problems in the future. If any part of our products’ hardware or software were to fail, the service mission could be compromised.
Additionally, users may not use our products in accordance with safety protocols and training, which could amplify the risk of failure.
Any such occurrence could cause delay in market acceptance of our products, damage to our reputation, product recalls, increased service
and warranty costs, product liability claims and loss of revenue relating to such hardware or software defects. We anticipate that as part of our ordinary course
of business we may be subject to product liability claims alleging defects in the design or manufacture of our products. A product liability
claim, regardless of our merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs and high punitive damage payments.
Although we maintain product liability insurance, the coverage is subject to deductibles and limitations, and may not be adequate to
cover future claims. Additionally, we may be unable to maintain our existing product liability insurance in the future at satisfactory
rates or adequate amounts. Even if our products perform properly and
are used as intended, if operators sustain any injuries while using our products, we could be exposed to liability and our results of
operations, financial condition and our reputation may be adversely affected. Our products contain complex technology and must
be used as designed and intended in order to operate safely and effectively. While we expect to develop a training, customer service
and maintenance and servicing infrastructure to ensure users are equipped to operate our products in a safe manner, we cannot be sure
that the products will ultimately be used as designed and intended. In addition, we cannot be sure that we will be able to predict all
the ways in which use or misuse of the products can lead to injury or damage to property, and our training resources may not be successful
at preventing all incidents. If operators were to cause any injuries or damage to property while using our products, in a manner consistent
with our training and instructions or otherwise, we could be exposed to liability and our results of operations, financial condition
and our reputation may be adversely affected. We operate in a competitive industry that
is subject to rapid technological change, and competitors may have or attain more resources and/or greater market recognition than we
do. Our competitor base may change or expand as we
continue to develop and commercialize our robotic systems in the future. Some of these companies are direct competitors, while others
provide adjacent services such as delivery with autonomous vehicles on streets that could impact our market. A number of these companies
may have, or may attain, more resources and/or greater market recognition than we do. These or other competitors may develop new technologies
or products that provide superior results to customers or are less expensive than our products. Our technologies and products could have
reduced competitiveness by such developments. 20 Our competitors may respond more quickly to new
or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing and other resources
than we do or may be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. In addition, potential customers
could have long-standing or contractual relationships with competitors. Potential customers may be reluctant to adopt our products, particularly
if they compete with or have the potential to compete with or diminish the need/utilization of products or technologies supported through
these existing relationships. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results
will be negatively impacted. In addition, because we operate in a new market, the actions of our
competitors could adversely affect our business. Adverse events such as product defects or legal claims with respect to competing or
similar products could cause reputational harm to the robotics market on the whole and, accordingly, our business. If we cannot protect, maintain and, if
necessary, enforce our intellectual property rights, our ability to develop and commercialize products may be adversely impacted. Our success, in large part, depends on our ability
to protect and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. We must prosecute and maintain our existing patents and obtain new
patents. Some of our proprietary information may not be patentable, and there can be no assurance that others will not utilize similar
or superior solutions to compete with us. We cannot guarantee that we will develop proprietary products that are patentable, and that,
if issued, any patent will give us a competitive advantage or that such patent will not be challenged by third parties. The process of
obtaining patents can be time consuming with no certainty of success, as a patent may not issue or may not have sufficient scope or strength
to protect the intellectual property it was intended to protect. We cannot assure you that our means of protecting our proprietary rights
will suffice or that others will not independently develop competitive technology or design around patents or other intellectual property
rights issued to us. If any of our products or the technology underlying our products is covered by third-party patents or other intellectual
property rights, we could be subject to various legal actions. Even if a patent is issued, it does not guarantee that it is valid or
enforceable. Any patents that we or our licensors have obtained or obtain in the future may be challenged, invalidated or unenforceable.
If necessary, we intend to initiate actions to protect our intellectual property, which will be costly and time consuming, and could
have an adverse impact on our business, results of operation and financial condition. We may be subject to claims of infringement
of third-party intellectual property rights. Our operating results may be adversely affected
if third parties claim that our products infringed their patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you
that our products do not, or will not in the future, infringe patents held by others. Although there have been no allegations made to
this effect, we cannot assure you that we will not receive such correspondence from third parties or competitors in the future. Such
assertions could lead to expensive and unpredictable litigation, diverting the attention of management and technical personnel. Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, misappropriation or other claims. Any such litigation
could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Moreover, any settlement of or adverse judgment resulting from such
litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict
or prohibit our use of the technology. Any required licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. An unsuccessful
result in such litigation could adversely affect our business, including injunctions, exclusion orders and royalty payments to third
parties. Security breaches and other disruptions
could compromise our proprietary information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. We rely on trade secrets, technical know-how
and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities to provide us with competitive
advantages. We protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, strategic partners
and other third parties. We also design our computer systems and networks and implement various procedures to restrict unauthorized access
to the dissemination of our proprietary information. 21 We face internal and external data security threats.
For example, current, departing, or former employees or third parties could attempt to improperly use or access our computer systems
and networks to copy, obtain or misappropriate our proprietary information or otherwise interrupt our business. Like others, we are also
subject to significant system or network disruptions from numerous causes, including computer viruses and other cyber-attacks, facility
access issues, new system implementations and energy blackouts. Security breaches, computer malware, phishing,
spoofing, and other cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years. We do not believe that such attacks have
caused us any material damage to date, but because the techniques used by computer hackers and others to access or sabotage networks
constantly evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate, counter or ameliorate
all these techniques. As a result, our and our customers’ proprietary information may be misappropriated, and we cannot predict
the impact of any future incident. Any loss of such information could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of customer confidence
in the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages
caused by the incident and divert management and other resources. We routinely implement improvements to our network security safeguards,
and we are devoting increasing resources to the security of our information technology systems. However, we cannot assure you that such
system improvements will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage from any future cyber-attack or network disruptions. The costs related to cyber-attacks or other security
threats or computer systems disruptions typically would not be fully insured or indemnified by others. As a result, the occurrence of
any of the events described above could result in the loss of competitive advantages derived from our intellectual property. Moreover,
these events may result in the diversion of the attention of management and critical information technology and other resources, or otherwise
adversely affect our internal operations and reputation or degrade our financial results and stock price. We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse
of personal data by or about our employees, customers or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation
or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. In the ordinary course of our business, we have
access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information regarding our employees and others that is subject to privacy and
security laws and regulations. Therefore, the theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored or transferred by us to
run our business, or by our third-party service providers, including business process software applications providers and other vendors
that have access to sensitive data, could result in damage to our reputation, disruption of our business activities, significantly increased
business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. For example, in July 2023, third-party actors attempted
to steal one of our robots. We are not aware that any data was obtained during any incident of vandalism or attempted theft. We are also aware of certain media reports relating
to the use of our robots as elements in law enforcement surveillance efforts. As a general policy, we do not share data with law enforcement,
except in certain narrow circumstances where (1) we are required to share data when served with a warrant or subpoena or (2) there
are insurance claims, active incident investigations, or acts of armed violence or theft attempts involving the Company’s personnel
or property. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and
policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. For example, the European
Union has adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which requires companies to comply with rules regarding
the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such
data about themselves. Failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. In addition, the
interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and fluid and
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. As a result, complying with these changing laws
has caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur substantial costs, which could harm our business and results of operations. Further,
failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged non-compliant activity.
Finally, even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations
could result in audits, regulatory inquiries or proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 22 Our business plans require a significant
amount of capital. Our future capital needs may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute our stockholders
or contain terms unfavorable to us or our investors. We will require significant capital to operate
our business and fund our capital expenditures for the next several years. The level and timing of future expenditure will depend on
a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. While we expect that we will have sufficient capital to fund our currently
planned operations, it is possible that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our business, including to finance ongoing research
and development costs, manufacturing, any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses and new strategic alliances or acquisitions.
The fact that we have limited experience commercializing our delivery robotic systems on a large scale, coupled with the fact that our
products represent a new product category in the commercial and delivery robotic market, means we have limited historical data on the
demand for our robotic systems. In addition, we expect our capital expenditures to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future
as we continue generational improvements for our commercial products, and that our level of capital expenditures will be significantly
affected by customer demand for our robotic systems. As a result, our future capital requirements may be uncertain and actual capital
requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. We may need to seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of
our capital expenditures. Such financing might not be available to us in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable, or at all,
or that such funds, if raised, would be sufficient. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing
to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance of our
business model. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us.
If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities
or substantially change our corporate structure. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient resources
to conduct business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations. In addition, our future capital needs and other
business reasons could require us to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity
or equity-linked securities could dilute our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need
or want them, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our growth plans, which could adversely impact the Company, its business, development,
financial condition, operating results or prospects. We will be required to raise additional
capital in order to develop our technology and scale our commercial delivery operations. However, we may be unable to raise additional
capital needed to fund and grow our business. We will need additional capital to develop the
next version of the Serve robots and scale our commercial delivery operations. We will not be able to continue product development and
our commercial deliveries if we cannot raise additional debt and/or equity financing. We may not be able to increase our capital resources
by engaging in additional debt or equity financings. Even if we complete such financings, they may result in dilution to our existing
investors and include additional rights or terms that may be unfavorable to our existing investor base. These circumstances could materially
and adversely affect our financial results and impair our ability to achieve our business objectives. Additionally, we may be required
to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or take other actions (including terms that require us to
maintain specified liquidity or other ratios) that would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by domestic and international financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Actual events involving reduced or limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect domestic and international financial institutions or other companies
in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds,
have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank
was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
as receiver. We maintain a banking relationship with Silicon Valley Bank and are required to keep deposits with Silicon Valley Bank pursuant
to our Loan and Security Agreement with them. Although we had debt with Silicon Valley Bank at the time of its closure, following the
closure, the debt was subsequently assumed by First Citizens Bank & Trust and we have experienced no impacts from the closure. However,
investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including
higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity
sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding
or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses,
financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations or result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations. Any of
these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above,
could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations, financial condition and results
of operations. 23 If use of the internet via websites, mobile
devices and other platforms, particularly with respect to online food ordering, does not continue, our business and growth prospects
will be harmed. Our business and growth prospects are substantially
dependent upon the continued use of the internet as an effective medium of transactions by diners. Internet use may not continue to develop
at historical rates, and diners may not continue to use the internet and other online services to order their food at current or increased
growth rates or at all, which could adversely impact our business, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, the internet
and mobile applications may not continue to be accepted as a viable platform or resource for a number of reasons, including: ● | actual or perceived lack of security of information or privacy protection; ● | possible disruptions, computer viruses or other damage to internet servers, users’ computers or mobile applications; ● | excessive governmental regulation; and ● | unacceptable delays due to actual or perceived limitations of wireless networks. Our business depends on discretionary spending
patterns in the areas in which the restaurants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy at large. Economic downturns
or other events (like coronavirus variants or similar widespread health/pandemic outbreaks) impacting the United States and global
economy could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Purchases at restaurants and food and beverage
hospitality services locations are discretionary for consumers and we are therefore susceptible to changes in discretionary spending
patterns or economic slowdowns in the geographic areas in which restaurants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy
at large. Discretionary consumer spending can be impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, inflation, rising
gasoline prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors. We believe that consumers generally are more willing
to make discretionary purchases, including delivery, dine-in or carryout of restaurant meals during favorable economic conditions. Disruptions
in the overall economy (including disruptions due to coronavirus or similar health/pandemic events), including high unemployment, inflation
rising gasoline prices, financial market volatility and unpredictability and the related reduction in consumer confidence, could negatively
affect food and beverage sales throughout the restaurant industry, including orders through our partners’ platforms. Additionally,
merchants on our partners’ platforms may be negatively impacted by general economic conditions, supply chain issues, labor shortages,
inflation, or other macroeconomic factors, which could negatively impact their ability to fulfill orders. There is also a risk that if
uncertain economic conditions persist for an extended period of time or worsen, consumers might make long-lasting changes to their discretionary
spending behavior, including ordering food for delivery, dine-in or carryout less frequently. The ability of the U.S. economy to handle
this uncertainty is likely to be affected by many national and international factors that are beyond our control. These factors, including
national, regional and local politics and economic conditions, continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, disposable consumer income
and consumer confidence, also affect discretionary consumer spending. If any of these factors cause restaurants to cease operations or
cease using our partners’ platforms, it could also significantly harm our financial results, for the reasons set forth elsewhere
in these risk factors. Continued uncertainty in or a worsening of the economy, generally or in a number of our markets, and diners’
reactions to these trends could adversely affect our business and cause us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of
new market openings or cease operations in existing markets. Moreover, inflation also increases the cost of
labor and materials needed to build and operate robots. For example, we have observed an increase in cost of labor for managing and maintaining
robots in the field in the past year. However, over a longer time horizon, technological improvements continue to reduce the cost of
our key components such as sensors, batteries and computers. While the unit cost of labor for operating robots will increase over time
with inflation, robotic delivery leverages labor more efficiently than manual courier delivery. As such, we believe labor inflation increases
the cost of manual courier delivery and similar alternatives to robotic delivery more than it increases robotic delivery cost. However,
we believe improvements in robot autonomy will continue to reduce the rate of labor usage. 24 Our products and services are disruptive
to the delivery services industries, and important assumptions about the market demand, pricing, adoption rates and sales cycle, for
our current and future products and services may be inaccurate. The market demand for and adoption of our delivery
robots is unproven, and important assumptions about the characteristics of targeted markets, pricing and sales cycles may be inaccurate.
Although we have engaged in ongoing dialogue with potential customers, we have no binding commitments to purchase products and services.
Existing or new regulatory or safety standards, or resistance by customer employees and labor unions, all of which are outside of our
control, could cause delays or otherwise impair adoption of these new technologies, which will adversely affect our growth, financial
position and prospects. Given the evolving nature of the markets in which we operate, it is difficult to predict customer demand or adoption
rates for our products or the future growth of the markets we expect to target. If one or more of the targeted markets experience a shift
in customer or prospective customer demand, our products may not compete as effectively, if at all, and they may not be fully developed
into commercial products. As a result, the financial projections in this prospectus necessarily reflect various estimates and assumptions
that may not prove accurate and these projections could differ materially from actual results because of the risks included in this “ Risk
Factors ” section, among others. If demand does not develop as expected or if we cannot accurately forecast pricing, adoption
rates and sales cycle for our products, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. The benefits of our products to customers
and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. Our core products’ benefits to customers
and projected return on investment have not been substantiated through long-term trials or use. We currently have a limited frame of
reference by which to evaluate the performance of our delivery robotic systems upon which our business prospects depend. There can be
no assurance that such robotic systems will provide their expected benefit to customers. Our robotic systems may not perform consistently
with customers’ expectations or effectively compete with other robotics products which may become available. Any failure of our
robotic systems and software to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery
delays, product recalls, product liability claims and significant warranty and other expenses and could have a material adverse impact
on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Additionally, problems and defects experienced by competitors
or others in the delivery robotics market could, by association, have a negative impact on perception and customer demand for our delivery
robotic systems. Even if we successfully market our robotic
systems, the purchase or subscription, adoption and use of these systems may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist
their use and adoption. We have designed and developed our robotic systems
with the goal of reducing operating costs and greenhouse gases. Even if we successfully market our products and services to customers,
the purchase, adoption and the use of the products may be materially and negatively impacted if our customers resist or delay the use
and adoption of these new technology products and services. Customers may resist or delay the adoption of our products and services for
several reasons, including lack of confidence in autonomous and semi-autonomous delivery vehicles. If our customers resist or delay adoption
of our robotic delivery services, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely
affected. 25 Our systems, products, technologies and
services and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate. Our growth strategy depends in part on developing
systems, products, technologies and services. These reusable systems, products, technologies and services and systems will have a limited
useful life. While we intend to design our products and technologies for a certain lifespan, which corresponds to a number of cycles,
there can be no assurance as to the actual operational life of a product or that the operational life of individual components will be
consistent with its design life. A number of factors will impact the useful lives of our products and systems, including, among other
things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts and availability of any replacement components
and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other risks affecting the technology during launch and in orbit. In addition,
any improvements in technology may make our existing products, designs or any component of our products obsolete prior to the end of
its lifecycle. If our systems, products, technologies and services and related equipment have shorter useful lives than we currently
anticipate, this may lead to delays in increasing the rate of our follow on work and new business, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are continually learning, and as our engineering
and manufacturing expertise and efficiency increases, we aim to leverage this learning to be able to manufacture our products and equipment
using less of our currently installed equipment, which could render our existing inventory obsolete. Any acquisitions, partnerships or joint
ventures that we enter into could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. From time to time, we may evaluate potential
strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties. We may not be successful in identifying
acquisition, partnership or joint venture candidates. In addition, we may not be able to continue the operational success of such businesses
or successfully finance or integrate any businesses that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. We may have
potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill recorded as a result of acquisitions. Furthermore, the integration
of any acquisition may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in
conflicts with our business. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively
affect our earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. Further,
depending on market conditions, investor perceptions of us and other factors, we might not be able to obtain financing on acceptable
terms, or at all, to implement any such transaction. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will
not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As part of growing our business, we may
make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage
and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could
cause our stock price to decline. From time to time, we may undertake acquisitions
to add new products and technologies, acquire talent, gain new sales channels or enter into new markets or sales territories. In addition
to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to
comply with any applicable laws and regulations, and a failure to obtain such approvals and licenses could result in delays and increased
costs and may disrupt our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets, businesses, key
personnel, customers, vendors and suppliers require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources
from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate
the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances
of equity securities and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating
acquisitions may be significant. 26 Our management team will have broad discretion
in making strategic decisions to execute their growth plans, and there can be no assurance that our management’s decisions will
result in successful achievement of our business objectives or will not have unintended consequences that negatively impact our growth
prospects. Our management team will have broad discretion
in making strategic decisions to execute their growth plans and may devote time and company resources to new or expanded solution offerings,
potential acquisitions, prospective customers or other initiatives that do not necessarily improve our operating results or contribute
to our growth. Management’s failure to make strategic decisions that are ultimately accretive to our growth may result in unfavorable
returns and uncertainty about our prospects, each of which could cause the price of the common stock to decline. We face risks related to natural disasters,
health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt our operations. Our facilities or operations or those of any
third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be adversely affected by events outside of our or their control, such as natural disasters,
wars, health epidemics and other calamities. Our robots are charged overnight and rely on broadband internet connectivity to operate;
therefore, power outages and broadband connectivity disruptions would adversely impact our operations. Furthermore, as hardware, our
robots can be damaged or irreparably destroyed by the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications
failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist or malicious attacks or similar events. We, any manufacturing partners and suppliers
may rely on complex machinery for production, which involves a significant degree of risk and uncertainty in terms of operational performance
and costs. We, any third-party manufacturing partners and
suppliers may rely on complex machinery for the production, assembly, repair and maintenance of our robotic systems, which will involve
a significant degree of uncertainty and risk in terms of operational performance and costs. Our operational facilities, and those of
any third-party manufacturing partners and suppliers consist or are expected to consist of large-scale machinery combining many components.
These components may suffer unexpected malfunctions from time to time and will depend on repairs and spare parts to resume operations,
which may not be available when needed. Unexpected malfunctions of these components may significantly affect the intended operational
efficiency. Operational performance and costs can be difficult to predict and are often influenced by factors outside of our or any third-party
manufacturing partners’ and suppliers’ control, such as, but not limited to, scarcity of natural resources, environmental
hazards and remediation, costs associated with decommissioning of machines, labor disputes and strikes, difficulty or delays in obtaining
governmental permits, damages or defects in electronic systems, industrial accidents, fire, seismic activity and natural disasters. Should
operational risks materialize, they may result in the personal injury to or death of workers, the loss of production equipment, damage
to production facilities, monetary losses, delays and unanticipated fluctuations in production, environmental damage, administrative
fines, increased insurance costs and potential legal liabilities, all which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. We may be unable to adequately control
the costs associated with our operations. We will require significant capital to develop
and grow our business, including developing and producing our commercial robotic systems and other products, establishing or expanding
design, research and development, production, operations and maintenance and service facilities and building our brand and partnerships.
We have incurred and expect to continue incurring significant expenses which will impact our profitability, including research and development
expenses, procurement costs, business development, operation and integration expenses as we build and deploy our robotic fleet, and general
and administrative expenses as we scale our operations, identify and commit resources to investigate new areas of demand and incur costs
as a public company. In addition, we may incur significant costs servicing, maintaining and refurbishing our robots, and we expect that
the cost to repair and service our robots will increase over time as they age. Our ability to become profitable in the future will not
only depend on our ability to complete the design and development of our robots to meet projected performance metrics, identify and investigate
new areas of demand and successfully market our robotic services, but also to sell, whether outright or through subscriptions, our systems
at prices needed to achieve our expected margins and control our costs, including the risks and costs associated with operating, maintaining
and financing our robots. If we are unable to efficiently design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy, distribute and service our robots
in a cost-effective manner, our margins, profitability and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 27 Our ability to manufacture products of
sufficient quality on schedule in the future is uncertain, and delays in the design, production and launch of our products could harm
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our future business depends in large part on
our ability to execute our plans to design, develop, manufacture, market, deploy and service our products. We intend to outsource the
manufacturing of our robotic systems to a third-party manufacturing partner. While this arrangement may lower operating costs, it may
have an adverse effect on our flexibility to respond to changing conditions. We also plan to retain third-party vendors and
service providers to engineer, design and test some of the critical systems and components of our units. While this allows us to draw
from such third parties’ industry knowledge and expertise, there can be no assurance such systems and components will be successfully
developed to our specifications or delivered in a timely manner to meet our program timing requirements. Laws, regulations and other legislative
efforts related to climate change, environmental concerns and health and safety could result in increased operating costs, reduced demand
for our products and services or the loss of future business. Concerns over environmental pollution and climate
change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will continue both in scope
and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may have an effect on the
way we manufacture products or utilize energy to produce our products. In addition, any new regulations or laws in the environmental
area might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our products. Environmental regulations may require us to reduce
product energy usage and to participate in compulsory recovery and recycling of our products or components. We are unable to predict
how any future changes will impact us and if such impacts will be material to our business. Further, climate change laws, environmental regulations,
and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn, reduce the demand for
our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate
changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic
events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further regulation. We may become subject to new or changing
governmental regulations relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, servicing or use of our products, including
as a result of climate change, and a failure to comply with such regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from
the market, delay our projected revenues, increase cost or make our business unviable if we are unable to modify our products to comply. We may become subject to new or changing international,
federal, state and local regulations, including laws relating to the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, servicing or use
of our products. Such laws and regulations may require us to pause sales and modify our products, which could result in a material adverse
effect on our revenues and financial condition. Such laws and regulations can also give rise to liability such as fines and penalties,
property damage, bodily injury and cleanup costs. Capital and operating expenses needed to comply with laws and regulations can be significant,
and violations may result in substantial fines and penalties, third-party damages, suspension of production or a cessation of our operations.
Any failure to comply with such laws or regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from the market. 28 Climate change laws and environmental regulations
could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our services. Concerns over environmental pollution and climate
change have produced significant legislative and regulatory efforts on a global basis, and we believe this will continue both in scope
and in the number of countries participating. These changes could directly increase the cost of energy, which may have an effect on the
way we manufacture robots or utilize energy to deliver our services. In addition, any new regulations or laws in the environmental area
might increase the cost of raw materials or key components we use in our robots. Environmental regulations may require us to reduce product
energy usage and to participate in compulsory recovery and recycling of our robots or components. We are unable to predict how any future
changes will impact us and if such impacts will be material to our business. Further, climate change laws, environmental regulations
and other similar measures may have an effect on the operating activities of our customers, which may, in turn, reduce the demand for
our products and services. To the extent increasing concentrations of greenhouse gasses in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate
changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic
events, such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and potentially subject the Company to further regulation. Severe weather conditions and climate change
could have a material adverse impact on our business by reducing the operating hours of our robots. Our robots are designed to operate in the common
environmental conditions in the markets in which we are deployed. Currently we operate our robots in warm and dry climates, and we do
not operate robots under rare or extreme conditions such as strong storms or unusually high or low temperatures. While with each new
generation of robots, we plan to continually expand their operating ability (e.g., introducing the ability to manage ice and snow), which
we believe in turn could expand our geographic reach, there is no guarantee that our efforts will successfully overcome all severe weather
conditions. We are subject to cybersecurity risks to
our operational systems, security systems, infrastructure, integrated software in our products and data processed by us or third-party
vendors. Our business and operations involve the collection,
storage, processing and transmission of personal data and certain other sensitive and proprietary data of collaborators, customers, and
others. Additionally, we maintain sensitive and proprietary information relating to our business, such as our own proprietary information
and personal data relating to our employees. An increasing number of organizations have disclosed breaches of their information security
systems and other information security incidents, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks. We may be a
target for attacks by state-sponsored actors and others designed to disrupt our operations or to attempt to gain access to our systems
or data that is processed or maintained in our business. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have increased security risks due
to personnel working remotely. We
 are at risk for interruptions, outages and breaches of our: (a) operational systems,
 including business, financial, accounting, product development, data processing or production
 processes, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (b) facility security
 systems, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers; (c) transmission control
 modules or other in-product technology, owned by us or our third-party vendors or suppliers;
 (d) the integrated software in our units; or (e) customer data that we processes or
 that our third-party vendors or suppliers process on our behalf. Because techniques used
 to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage information systems change frequently and
 may not be known until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent
 these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventive measures, and may
 face delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches
 and other privacy-and security-related incidents. Such incidents could: materially disrupt
 our operational systems; result in loss of intellectual property, trade secrets or other
 proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise certain information of customers,
 employees, suppliers or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities or affect the performance
 of in-product technology and the integrated software in our units. Certain efforts may be
 state-sponsored or supported by significant financial and technological resources, making
 them even more difficult to detect, remediate, and otherwise respond to. 29 We plan to include product services and functionality
that utilize data connectivity to monitor performance and timely capture opportunities to enhance performance and for safety and cost-saving
preventative maintenance. The availability and effectiveness of our services depend on the continued operation of information technology
and communications systems. Our systems will be vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among others, physical theft, fire, terrorist
attacks, natural disasters, power loss, war, telecommunications failures, viruses, denial or degradation of service attacks, ransomware,
social engineering schemes, insider theft or misuse or other attempts to harm our systems. We intend to use our product services and
functionality to log information about each unit’s use in order to aid us in diagnostics and servicing. Our customers may object
to the use of this data, which may require us to implement new or modified data handling policies and mechanisms, increase our unit maintenance
costs and costs associated with data processing and handling, and harm our business prospects. Although we are in the process of implementing
certain systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and systems within our control, prevent data loss and prevent other
security breaches and security incidents, these security measures cannot guarantee security. The IT and infrastructure used in our business
may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches, and third parties may be able to access data, including personal data and other
sensitive and proprietary data of us and our customers, collaborators and partners, our employees’ personal data or other sensitive
and proprietary data, accessible through those systems. Employee error, malfeasance or other errors in the storage, use or transmission
of any of these types of data could result in an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other security incident. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated
with developing, improving, expanding and updating our current systems, such as the disruption of our data management, procurement, production
execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory,
procure parts or supplies or manufacture, deploy, deliver and service our units, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve
and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, applicable laws, regulations and contracts. We cannot be sure that
these systems upon which we rely, including those of our third-party vendors or suppliers, will be effectively implemented, maintained
or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted,
our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control
over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information or intellectual
property could be compromised or misappropriated, and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems do not operate as we
expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these
functions. Any actual or perceived security breach or security
incident, or any systems outages or other disruption to systems used in our business, could interrupt our operations, result in loss
or improper access to, or acquisition or disclosure of, data or a loss of intellectual property protection, harm our reputation and competitive
position, reduce demand for our products, damage our relationships with customers, partners, collaborators, or others or result in claims,
regulatory investigations, and proceedings and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure, and any such incidents or any perception
that our security measures are inadequate could lead to loss of confidence in us and harm to our reputation, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any actual or perceived breach of privacy or security or other security
incident, impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our third-party technology providers)
could have similar effects. We expect to incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent privacy and security breaches and
other privacy- and security-related incidents and may face increased costs and requirements to expend substantial resources in the event
of an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other incident. We are subject to evolving laws, regulations,
standards, policies and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security laws and regulations, and our actual or perceived
failure to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability or otherwise adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are subject to or affected by a number of
federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations and industry standards, that impose certain obligations
and restrictions with respect to data privacy and security, and govern our collection, storage, retention, protection, use, processing,
transmission, sharing and disclosure of personal information, including that of our employees, customers and others. Most jurisdictions
have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain
types of data. Such laws may be inconsistent or may change or additional laws may be adopted. In addition, our agreements with certain
customers may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative
publicity, result in penalties or fines, result in litigation, may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our
security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by
the actual or perceived security breach. 30 The global data protection landscape is rapidly
evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We may not
be able to monitor and react to all developments in a timely manner. For example, California adopted the California Consumer Privacy
Act (“CCPA”), which became effective in January 2020. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses,
including an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA includes a framework
with potentially severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered businesses to provide new disclosures
to California residents, provide them new ways to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information, and allow for a new cause of
action for data breaches. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), was approved by California
voters in the November 3, 2020 election. The CPRA creates obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022,
with implementing regulations expected on or before July 1, 2022, and enforcement beginning July 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly
modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of
a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. Other states have begun to propose and enact similar laws.
For example, Virginia has enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, which provides for obligations similar to the CCPA, and
which will go into effect January 1, 2023. As we expand our operations, the CCPA, CPRA and other laws and regulations relating to
privacy and data security may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Compliance with any applicable privacy and data
security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms
to comply with such laws and regulations. Additionally, as our international presence expands,
we may become subject to or face increasing obligations under laws and regulations in countries outside the United States, many
of which, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and national laws supplementing
the GDPR, as well as legislation substantially implementing the GDPR in the United Kingdom, are significantly more stringent than those
currently enforced in the United States. The GDPR requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal
data of individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The GDPR also includes significant penalties for noncompliance,
which may result in monetary penalties of up to the higher of €20 million or 4% of a group’s worldwide turnover for the
preceding financial year for the most serious violations. The United Kingdom’s version of the GDPR, the UK GDPR, which it maintains
along with its Data Protection Act (collectively, the “UK GDPR”), also provides for substantial penalties that, for the most
serious violations, can go up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of a group’s worldwide turnover for the preceding
financial year. Many other jurisdictions globally are considering or have enacted legislation providing for local storage of data or
otherwise imposing privacy, data protection and data security obligations in connection with the collection, use and other processing
of personal data. We publish privacy policies and other documentation
regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or other confidential information. Although we endeavor
to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do
so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance, including if our employees, contractors, service
providers or vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential action by
governmental or regulatory authorities if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. We are
also aware of certain media reports relating to the use of our robots as elements in law enforcement surveillance efforts. As a general
policy, we do not share data with law enforcement, except in certain narrow circumstances where (1) we are required to share data
when served with a warrant or subpoena or (2) there are insurance claims, active incident investigations or acts of armed violence
or theft attempts involving our personnel or property. Public perception of our involvement in such surveillance activities could harm
our reputation, and consequently, our business prospects and financial condition. Any actual or perceived inability of us to adequately
address privacy and security concerns or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or data
security or applicable privacy notices, could lead to investigations, claims and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties,
damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties and other liabilities. Any such claims or other proceedings could
be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity. Any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on our
business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 31 We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption
and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can
harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the
U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities.
Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, business partners, third-party intermediaries,
representatives and agents from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything
else of value to government officials, political candidates, political parties or commercial partners for the purpose of obtaining or
retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. We have direct and indirect interactions with
foreign officials, including in furtherance of sales to governmental entities in non-U.S. countries. We sometimes leverage third parties
to conduct our business abroad, and our third-party business partners, representatives and agents may have direct or indirect interactions
with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other
illegal activities of our employees or these third parties, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities.
The FCPA and other applicable laws and regulations also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls
and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such
laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, business partners, third-party intermediaries, representatives and agents
will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Our exposure
for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violations of the laws and regulations described
above may result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties,
damages, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, suspension or debarment
from government contracts, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences, any
of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition, responding to any investigation
or action will likely result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and
other professional fees. Being a public company can be administratively
burdensome and will significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs. As a public reporting company, we are subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations
related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), and the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”). In addition, the listing requirements of any national
securities exchange or other exchange and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies.
Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these
rules and regulations will significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. Among other things, we are required to: ● | maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; ● | maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; ● | prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; ● | institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and ● | involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 32 The costs of preparing and filing annual and
quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is expensive and
much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations will require us to hire additional
financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting
expenses and the attention of our board of directors and management. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for
us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain this coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executives
and members of our board of directors. Although the JOBS Act may for a limited period
of time somewhat lessen the cost of complying with these additional regulatory and other requirements, we nonetheless expect a substantial
increase in legal, accounting, insurance and certain other expenses in the future, which will negatively impact our business, results
of operations and financial condition. Our management as a group has limited experience
in operating a publicly traded company. Our
 management team may not successfully or effectively manage operating as a public company
 subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under U.S. securities
 laws. Our executive officers as a group have limited experience in the management of a publicly
 traded company. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining
 to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing
 amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being
 devoted to the management and growth of our company. We may not have adequate personnel with
 the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices
 or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. Any failure by
 us to effectively and efficiently meet our obligations as a publicly traded company could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
 results and/or result in legal liability or other negative consequences. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
Stock Our stock price will likely be volatile
and an active, liquid and orderly trading market may not develop for our common stock. As a result you may not be able to resell your
shares at or above your purchase price. Our common stock was quoted and began trading
on the OTCQB market in March 2024, and in connection with this offering, we have applied to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital
Market. Accordingly, we expect our common stock to begin trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on or around the date of this prospectus,
at which point our common stock will cease to be traded on the OTCQB Market. Although have applied for listing, an active trading market
for our common stock may not develop or, if it develops, may not be sustained after this offering. The lack of an active market may impair
your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable, which may reduce the fair
market value of your shares. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock and
may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire future products or licenses by using our common stock as consideration.
We and the underwriter will negotiate to determine the public offering price. The public offering price may be higher than the market
price of our common stock after the offering and you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you
paid in the offering. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. The
 market price of our common stock following this offering may fluctuate substantially as a
 result of many factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause
 you to lose all or part of the value of your investment in our common stock. Factors that
 could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: ● | performance of third parties on whom we rely to manufacture our products, product components and product candidates, including their ability to comply with regulatory requirements; ● | the success of, and fluctuation in, the sales of our products; 33 ● | our execution of our sales and marketing, manufacturing and other aspects of our business plan; ● | results of operations that vary from those of our competitors and the expectations of securities analysts and investors; ● | changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; ● | our announcement of significant contracts, acquisitions or capital commitments; ● | announcements by our competitors of competing products or other initiatives; ● | announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; ● | regulatory and reimbursement developments in the United States and abroad; ● | future sales of our common stock; ● | additions or departures of key personnel; and ● | general domestic and international economic conditions unrelated to our performance. In addition, the stock market in general has
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance of
individual companies. These broad market factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action
litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in significant liabilities and, regardless
of the outcome, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management’s attention and resources. See “ Principal Stockholders ”
below for more information regarding the ownership of our outstanding common stock by our principal stockholders. 34 Following this offering, our principal
stockholders will continue to own a significant percentage of our stock and be able to exert significant control or significant influence
over matters subject to stockholder approval. Following this offering, our executive officers,
directors, and greater than 5% stockholders, in the aggregate, will continue to own a significant portion of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, such persons or their appointees to our board of directors, acting together, will have the ability to significantly influence
all matters submitted to our board of directors or stockholders for approval, including the appointment of our management, the election
and removal of directors and the approval of any significant transaction, as well as our management and business affairs. In addition,
certain of our existing principal stockholders have indicated an interest in purchasing up to an aggregate of approximately $4.5 million
in shares of our common stock in this offering at the assumed public offering price. If such principal stockholders were to purchase
all of the shares they have indicated an interest in purchasing in this offering, the ability of such persons, acting together, to control
or significantly influence such matters will increase. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change of control of our company or discouraging others from making tender offers for shares of our common stock, which could prevent
our stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares. The interests of our principal stockholders may not always coincide with
the interests of other stockholders and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other
stockholders, including seeking a premium value for their common stock. Investors purchasing common stock in this
offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution. The
 assumed public offering price of shares of our common stock is substantially higher than
 the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per outstanding share of our common stock.
 You will incur immediate and substantial dilution of $(0.12) per share in the pro forma as
 adjusted net tangible book value of shares of our common stock, based upon the assumed public
 offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024
 on the OTCQB). As a result of the dilution to investors purchasing shares in this offering,
 investors may receive significantly less than the purchase price paid in this offering, if
 anything, in the event of liquidation. In addition, we have outstanding options and warrants
 with exercise prices significantly below the public offering price. To the extent outstanding
 options and warrants are ultimately exercised, there will be further dilution of the common
 stock sold in this offering. See “ Dilution ” below for more information. Participation
 in this offering by certain of our existing stockholders would reduce the available public
 float of our shares. Certain
 of our existing stockholders, including stockholders who own 5% or more of our outstanding
 capital stock, have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of our common stock with an
 aggregate value of approximately $4.5 million at the assumed public offering price in this
 offering. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments
 to purchase, the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering
 to any of these directors or stockholders, or any of these directors or stockholders may
 determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. To the extent these existing
 stockholders purchase any shares in this offering, such purchase could reduce the available
 public float of our shares because such stockholders may be restricted from selling the shares
 by restrictions under applicable securities laws. As a result, any purchase of shares by
 such stockholders in this offering may reduce the liquidity of our common stock relative
 to what it would have been had these shares been purchased by investors that were not directors
 or existing stockholders. Future sales of our common stock in the
public market could cause our common stock price to fall. Our common stock price could decline as a result
of sales of a large number of shares of common stock after this offering or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales,
or the possibility that these sales may occur, might also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a
time and price that we deem appropriate. Upon the completion of this offering, 35,963,655
shares of our common stock will be outstanding (or 37,396,988 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional
shares from us in full), based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Of these shares, all of the shares of our
common stock sold in this offering (including shares purchased by existing stockholders pursuant to their indications of interest to
purchase up to $4.5 million of our common stock at the assumed public offering price) (plus any shares issued upon exercise of the underwriter’s
over-allotment option) and 18,960,989 shares of our common stock that have previously been registered for resale will be freely tradable
in the public market without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless these shares are held by “affiliates,”
as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (including any shares that may purchased by our affiliates in this offering). The resale of the remaining shares of common
stock following this offering, is currently prohibited or otherwise restricted as a result of securities law provisions, market standoff
agreements entered into by certain of our stockholders with us or lock-up agreements entered into by our stockholders with the underwriters
in connection with this offering. However, subject to applicable securities law restrictions or other contractual arrangements, these
shares will be able to be sold in the public market beginning 181 days after the date of this prospectus. Shares issued upon the exercise
of stock options outstanding under our equity incentive plans or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans will become available
for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules, market stand-off agreements,
and/or lock-up agreements, as well as Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act. For more information, see “ Shares Eligible
for Future Sale ”. 35 We have broad discretion in the use of
the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively or may use them in a way with respect to which investors do not
approve. Although we currently intend to use the net proceeds
from this offering in the manner described in “ Use of Proceeds ” elsewhere in this prospectus, our management will
have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering and could spend the proceeds in ways that do not improve
our results of operations or enhance the value of shares of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively
could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the market price of shares of our common
stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering
in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. If we do not invest the net proceeds from this offering in ways that enhance
stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. The designation of our common stock as
“penny stock” would limit the liquidity of our common stock. Our
 common stock may be deemed a “penny stock” (as that term is defined under Rule
 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act) in any market that may develop in the future. Generally, a “penny
 stock” is a common stock that is not listed on a securities exchange and trades for
 less than $5.00 a share. Prices often are not available to buyers and sellers and the market
 may be very limited. Ownership of penny stock in start-up companies is among the riskiest
 equity investments. Broker-dealers who sell penny stock must provide purchasers with a standardized
 risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. The document provides information about penny
 stock and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny stock market.
 A broker must also provide purchasers with bid and offer quotations and information regarding
 broker and salesperson compensation and make a written determination that the penny stock
 is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser’s written agreement
 to the purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. If our
 common stock is deemed “penny stock”, because of penny stock rules, there may
 be less trading activity in any market that develops for our common stock in the future and
 stockholders are likely to have difficulty selling their shares. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our common stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
or FINRA, has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds
for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status,
tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there
is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements
are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. If we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure
controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with
applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. We
 are a public company and are required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting on our annual report on Form 10-K. Effective internal
 control over financial reporting is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together
 with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such internal controls are designed to
 prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
 encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet its reporting obligations.
 Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in reported financial
 information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 36 The
 report by management is required to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified
 in our internal control over financial reporting. However, for as long as we are an “emerging
 growth company” under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm
 will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management’s assessment
 of internal controls could detect problems with internal controls, and an independent assessment
 of the effectiveness of internal controls by our auditors could detect further problems that
 management’s assessment might not detect and could result in the identification of
 material weaknesses that were not otherwise identified. Undetected material weaknesses in
 internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur
 the expense of remediation. We are required to disclose changes made in internal control
 and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with these requirements, we may need to undertake
 various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting
 or internal audit staff. We
 are in the early stages of developing the system and processing documentation necessary to
 perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404 and we may not be able to complete
 the required evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During
 the evaluation and testing process, if we identify material weaknesses in internal control
 over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that internal control over financial
 reporting is effective. As discussed elsewhere in this Registration Statement,
we completed the Merger on July 31, 2023. Prior to the Merger, Serve was a private company and, therefore, its controls were not required
to be designed or maintained in accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. The design and implementation of internal
control over financial reporting post-Merger has required, and will continue to require, significant time and resources from management
and other personnel. Because of this, the design and ongoing development of our framework for implementation and evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting is in its preliminary stages. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort
or expense, to conduct a comprehensive assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. However,
management concluded that as of December 31, 2023, we had material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A “material weakness” is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is more than a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management
concluded that we did not have a comprehensive and formalized accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures manual which
details the information needed for our financial reporting process and that we did not have a robust review process by which management
could monitor for potential errors or technical accounting requirements. If
 we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective,
 or if, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, and we become an accelerated filer
 or large accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to
 express an opinion on the effectiveness of its internal control, including as a result of
 the material weaknesses described above, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy
 and completeness of financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to
 decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if
 we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain quoted
 on any over-the-counter trading system, or following any potential listing on The Nasdaq
 Capital Market, listed on any securities exchange. We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions
from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including: ● | not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and annual report on Form 10-K; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 37 Our
 status as an emerging growth company will end as soon as any of the following take place: ● | the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.235 billion in annual revenues; ● | the date we qualify as a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; ● | the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or ● | the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Merger. We cannot predict if investors will find our
common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our common
stock and the market price of our common stock may be more volatile. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies
can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected
to avail ourselves of this provision of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting standards at the
same time as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Therefore, our consolidated financial statements may not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We are also a “smaller reporting company”
as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a “smaller reporting company” even after we are no longer an emerging
growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able
to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than
$250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues is less than $100.0 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700.0 million
measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may
prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and our amended and restated bylaws that became effective upon completion of the Merger contain provisions that could delay or prevent
a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated
by current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions: ● | establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; ● | permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; ● | provide that directors may only be removed “for cause” and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; ● | require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; ● | authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; ● | eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; ● | prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; ● | prohibit cumulative voting; and ● | establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 38 In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising
pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or
our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district
courts of the United States of America will, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, be the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (“Federal Forum Provision”). Our decision to adopt
a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially
valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware
Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum
Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought
in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies
to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by
our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought
in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions,
including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum
of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers and other employees. In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations
and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock. General Risk Factors We may face risks related to securities
litigation that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards. We may in the future become subject to claims
and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and require us to incur
significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain financial covenants under our credit
agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers who are
named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention from management
and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on our business,
results of operation and financial condition. 39 We do not intend to pay dividends for the
foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of
our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after
price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will
depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, as well as the way
analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures. Securities and industry analysts do not currently,
and may never, publish research on our business. If few, or no, securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our stock price
could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business,
our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our
common stock. We are and may continue to be significantly
impacted by the worldwide economic downturn due to pandemics, outbreaks of other contagious diseases and other catastrophic events. The extent to which any catastrophic event affects
our business and financial results will depend on future developments, including the duration of such event and the global response to
it, its impact on capital and financial markets, its impact on global supply chains, and whether the impacts may result in temporary
or permanent changes in consumer behavior among others, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, we cannot predict the impact any
future pandemic, outbreak of other contagious diseases or other catastrophic events will have on our business partners and third-party
merchants and suppliers, and we may be adversely impacted as a result of the adverse impact our business partners and third-party merchants
and suppliers suffer. For example, if we are unable to produce our robots due to manufacturing strains, we may not be able to build and
deploy our robots as planned and scale our business. This impact would mean we’d need to raise additional capital in order to cover
our operating expenses and meet our revenue targets. To the extent a pandemic or other catastrophic event adversely affects our business
and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ Risk Factors ”
section. Any of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, could adversely
impact our business, financial performance and condition and results of operations. 40 SPECIAL NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including the sections entitled
“ Risk Factors ,” “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ”
and “ Description of our Business ”, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements relate to, among others, our plans, objectives and
expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition, and can be identified by terminology such as “may,”
“should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “will,” “could,” “project,” “target,”
“potential,” “continue” and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking
statements are based on management’s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about: ● | our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection; ● | our reliance on third parties, including suppliers, delivery platforms, brand sponsors, software providers and service providers; ● | our ability to operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity or automation; ● | our robots’ reliance on sophisticated software technology that incorporates third-party components and networks to operate and our ability to maintain licenses for this software technology; ● | our ability to commercialize our products at a large scale; ● | the competitive industry in which we operate which is subject to rapid technological change; ● | our ability to raise additional capital to develop our technology and scale our operations; ● | developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; ● | our ability to adequately control the costs associated with our operations; ● | the impact of current and future laws and regulations, especially those related to personal delivery devices; ● | potential cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, infrastructure and integrated software by us or third-party vendors; ● | the development of a market for our common stock; ● | our intended use of proceeds from the offering; and ● | other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption “ Risk Factors .” These statements relate to future events or our
future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations
include, among other things, those listed under the section titled “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in this prospectus,
in any applicable prospectus supplement and in any related free writing prospectus. Any forward-looking statement in this prospectus,
in any applicable prospectus supplement and in any related free writing prospectus reflects our current view with respect to future events
and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business, results of operations, industry and
future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking
statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related
free writing prospectus and the documents that we reference therein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits thereto completely and with
the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 41 DESCRIPTION
OF THE MERGER, THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT, AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS The Bridge Financing In April 2023, Serve offered and sold $3,001,500
principal amount of its senior subordinated secured convertible notes (the “Bridge Notes”) in a private placement (the “Bridge
Financing”) to certain accredited investors. The Bridge Notes bore interest at 10% per annum and were payable on October 21,
2023, subject to earlier conversion as described below. Among the accredited investors who participated in the Bridge Financing were
Ali Kashani, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Tompkins, who holds greater than 5% of our common stock. Interest on the Bridge Notes would have been
payable at maturity; however, upon conversion of the Bridge Notes as described below, accrued interest was forgiven. The Bridge Notes
were secured by a second priority security interest on all of the assets of Serve and its subsidiary, subject to certain limited exceptions.
This security interest terminated upon conversion of the Bridge Notes. The offering of the Bridge Notes, and the grant
of the Bridge Warrants and Bridge Broker Warrants (each as defined below) was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The Bridge Notes were sold to “accredited
investors,” as defined in Regulation D, and the offering was conducted on a “reasonable best efforts” basis. Upon
 the closing of the Merger and the Private Placement, the outstanding principal amount of
 the Bridge Notes was automatically converted into 937,961 shares of our common stock
 at a conversion price of $3.20 per share, and investors in the Bridge Notes received a warrant
 to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the number of shares of common
 stock into which the Bridge Notes were converted, at an exercise price of $3.20 per share
 for a term of three years (the “Bridge Warrants”). If at any time after the 120th day
 after the final closing of the Private Placement (the “Registration Effectiveness Date”),
 there is no effective registration statement registering for resale, or the prospectus contained
 therein is not available for the resale of, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
 of the Bridge Warrants by the holder, the Bridge Warrants may also be exercised, in whole
 or in part, at such time by means of a “cashless” net exercise. The Bridge Warrants
 have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions. In
 connection with the sale of the Bridge Notes, Serve paid to Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd.
 and Network 1 Financial Services, Inc. (collectively, the “Bridge Brokers”),
 each a U.S. registered broker-dealer, cash commissions of 8% of funds raised, or 4% in the
 case of funds raised from current officers, directors and stockholders of Serve and their
 respective friends and family (“Insider Investors”), and agreed to cause us to
 issue to them, upon closing of the Merger and the Private Placement, warrants to purchase
 a number of shares of Serve’s common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common
 stock into which Bridge Notes, other than those purchased by Insider Investors, would convert
 at the closing of the Merger and Offering, with an exercise price per share of $3.20 and
 a term of three years (the “Bridge Broker Warrants”). The Bridge Broker Warrants
 have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions. The Bridge Brokers were paid an aggregate commission
of $239,400 and were entitled to be issued Bridge Broker Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock.
Serve also reimbursed them $25,000 for their legal and other expenses incurred in connection with the Bridge Financing. We agreed to indemnify the Bridge Brokers, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, against certain liabilities that may be incurred in connection with the Bridge Notes, including
certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act, and, where such indemnification is not available, to contribute to the payments the
placement agents and its sub-agents may be required to make in respect of such liabilities. All descriptions of the Bridge Warrants and the
Bridge Broker Warrants herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof filed as exhibits hereto, which are incorporated
herein by reference. 42 Reverse Merger On July 31, 2023, the Company, Acquisition
Sub and Serve entered into the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on July 31, 2023, Acquisition Sub
merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business
of Serve, which designs, develops and operates an advanced, AI-powered robotics mobility platform, with last-mile delivery in cities
as its first application. See “ Description of our Business ” below . At the time the certificate of merger reflecting
the Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware, each of Serve’s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into the right to receive 0.8035 shares of our common stock (in the case of shares
held by accredited investors), with the maximum number of shares of our common stock issuable to the former holders of Serve’s
capital stock equal to 20,948,917 shares after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares. Immediately prior to the Effective
Time, an aggregate of 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock owned by our stockholders prior to the Merger were forfeited and
canceled. In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
(i) options to purchase 1,984,951 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger under 2021 Plan were assumed and converted into options to purchase 1,594,800 shares of our common stock, (ii) warrants
to purchase 17,314 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were
assumed and converted into warrants to purchase 13,911 shares of our common stock, (iii) warrants to purchase 160,323 shares
of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed and converted
into warrants to purchase 128,819 shares of our common stock and (iv) SAFEs totaling $15,551,953 were converted into 4,372,613 shares
of our common stock. See
 “ Description of Capital Stock ” below for more information. The issuance
 of shares of our common stock, options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock
 to Serve’s former security holders are collectively referred to as the “Share
 Conversion.” The Merger Agreement contained customary representations
and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions. As a condition to the Merger, on July 31,
2023, we entered into indemnity agreements with our former officer and directors, pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify such former
officer and directors for actions taken by them in their official capacities relating to the consideration, approval and consummation
of the Merger and certain related transactions. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization
and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes. Serve is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and our historical
financial statements before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of Serve before the Merger in future
filings with the SEC. The Merger is intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. The Converted Securities were not registered
under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, which exempts
transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The Converted
Securities may not be offered or sold in the U.S. absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirement, and
they are subject to further contractual restrictions on transfer as described below under “ Shares Eligible for Future Sale .” 43 The Private Placement Immediately following the Effective Time of the
Merger, we sold 3,183,671 shares of our common stock in a private placement offering pursuant to the Subscription Agreement by and
between the Company and the purchasers of common stock (the “Subscription Agreement”) at a purchase price of $4.00 per share
(the “Sale Price”) in multiple closings. The private placement offering is referred to herein as the “Private Placement.”
We also issued 937,961 shares of our common stock to convert the outstanding principal and interest of outstanding Bridge Notes
in connection with the consummation of the Merger. The aggregate gross proceeds from the Private
Placement were approximately $15.74 million (including the aggregate principal amount of Bridge Notes converted as described above,
and before deducting placement agent fees and expenses of the Private Placement). The Offering, including the grant of the Placement
Agent Warrants (as defined below), was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The common stock in the Private Placement was sold to “accredited investors,”
as defined in Regulation D, and the Private Placement was conducted on a “reasonable best efforts” basis. In addition, we issued to the holders of the
Bridge Notes prior to their conversion, Bridge Warrants to purchase 468,971 shares of our common stock. In connection with the Private Placement and
subject to the closing of the Private Placement, we agreed to pay the placement agents, Aegis Capital Corp. and Network 1 Financial Services,
Inc. (the “Placement Agents”), each a U.S. registered broker-dealer, a cash placement fee of 8% of the gross proceeds raised
from investors in the Private Placement (or 4% of gross proceeds raised from Insider Investors) and to issue (a) to them warrants
to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement
(other than to Insider Investors), with a term expiring three years after the common stock begins to trade on Nasdaq or New York
Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and an exercise price of $4.00 per share (the “Placement Agent A Warrants”) and
(b) to each of them warrants to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock with the same term as the Placement Agent A Warrants
and an exercise price of $0.001 per share (the “Placement Agent B Warrants” and together with the Placement Agent A
Warrants, the “Placement Agent Warrants”). We also agreed to pay certain expenses of the Placement Agents in connection with
the Private Placement. As a result of the foregoing, we paid the Placement
Agents an aggregate commission of $817,209 (not including the commission paid in connection with the sale of the Bridge Notes) and issued
to them Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase 153,909 shares of our common stock and Placement Agent B Warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock in connection with the closing of the Private Placement. We have also reimbursed
the Placement Agents for approximately $60,000 of expenses incurred in connection with the Private Placement. Subject to certain customary exceptions, we have
agreed to indemnify the Placement Agents to the fullest extent permitted by law against certain liabilities that may be incurred in connection
with the Private Placement, including certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act, and, where such indemnification is not available,
to contribute to the payments the Placement Agents and their sub-agents may be required to make in respect of such liabilities. Registration Rights In
 connection with the Merger and the Private Placement, on July 31, 2023, we entered into
 a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), pursuant
 to which we agreed that promptly, but no later than 60 calendar days from the final closing
 of the Private Placement, we would file, subject to customary exceptions, a registration
 statement with the SEC (the “Registration Statement”), covering (i) the
 shares of our common stock issued in the Private Placement (including those issued upon conversion
 of the Bridge Notes); (ii) the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of
 the Bridge Warrants; (iii) the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of
 the Bridge Broker Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants; (iv) the Merger Shares
 and (v) 1,500,000 shares of our common stock held by our stockholders prior to the Merger
 ((i)-(v) collectively, the “Registrable Securities”). We also undertook to use
 our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such Registration Statement is declared
 effective within 120 calendar days after the final closing of the Private Placement.
 Such Registration Statement, covering 18,960,989 shares, became effective on December 14,
 2023. 44 Subject
 to customary exceptions, if (i) we fail to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration
 Statement, (ii) the holders of Registrable Securities cannot use the Registration Statement
 to resell the Registrable Securities for a period of more than 15 consecutive trading days
 (except for suspension of the use of the Registration Statement during certain Blackout Period
 (as defined below)), or (iii) following the listing or inclusion for quotation on the
 OTC Markets, Nasdaq, the NYSE or the NYSE American, trading of our common stock is suspended
 or halted for more than three full, consecutive trading days ((i)-(iii) collectively, “Registration
 Events”), we will make payments to each holder of Registrable Securities as monetary
 penalties at a rate equal to 12% per annum of the total value of Registrable Securities held
 or purchased by such holder and affected during the period, based on the Sale Price; provided
 that the maximum amount of monetary penalties paid by us will not exceed 5% of such total
 value. No monetary penalties will accrue with respect to any Registrable Securities
 that may be resold without manner of sale restrictions, current information requirements,
 volume limitations or other limitations under Rule 144 or another exemption from registration
 under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement “Blackout Period”
 means, a period in which the Company determines that the registration or distribution of
 the Registrable Securities to be covered by such registration statement, would be seriously
 detrimental to the Company and its stockholders, commencing on the day the Company notifies
 the stockholders that they are required to suspend offers and sales of Registrable Securities
 and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the material non-public information
 resulting in the Blackout Period is disclosed to the public or ceases to be material or (ii) such
 time that the Company notifies the stockholders that sales pursuant to the registration statement
 may resume. We must use commercially reasonable efforts to
keep the Registration Statement effective for five years from the date it is declared effective by the SEC or until the date on which
all Registrable Securities have been transferred other than to certain enumerated permitted assignees under the Registration Rights Agreement. We
 will pay all expenses in connection with the registration obligations provided in the Registration
 Rights Agreement, including, without limitation, all registration, filing, and stock exchange
 fees, printing expenses, all fees and expenses of complying with applicable securities laws,
 the fees and disbursements of our counsel and of our independent public accountants and the
 reasonable fees and disbursements of a single counsel to the holders of the Registrable Securities,
 not to exceed $35,000. Each holder will be responsible for its own sales commissions, if
 any, transfer taxes and the expenses of any other attorney or advisor such holder decides
 to employ. 45 MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
and other financial information included in this prospectus. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set
forth elsewhere in this prospectus, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”
elsewhere in this prospectus. Accordingly, you should review the disclosure under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus
for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Overview On July 31, 2023, Patricia Acquisition Corp.,
Acquisition Sub, and Serve entered into a Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Acquisition
Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. As a result of the
Merger, we acquired the business of Serve and will continue the existing business operations of Serve as a public reporting company under
the name Serve Robotics Inc. On the Closing Date, Serve’s predecessor was renamed Serve Operating Co. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization
and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes, and Serve is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes. As a result
of the Merger and the change in our business and operations, a discussion of the past financial results of Patricia Acquisition Corp.
is not pertinent, and under applicable accounting principles, the historical financial results of Serve, the accounting acquirer, prior
to the Merger are considered our historical financial results. Our discussion and analysis are organized as
follows: ● | Executive Summary – Summary analysis of financial and other highlights to provide context for the discussion and analysis. ● | Results of Operations – An analysis of our financial results. ● | Liquidity, and Capital Resources – An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows and a discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity. ● | Critical Accounting Estimates – Accounting estimates that management believes are the most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our financial results and forecasts and involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Serve Robotics Serve’s
 first product is a low-emissions robot that serves people in public spaces, starting with
 last-mile food delivery. In 2017, our core technology development began with our co-founders
 and a growing product and engineering team. In 2020, the team launched delivery robots in
 Los Angeles performing contactless deliveries during the COVID-19 pandemic shutdowns. By
 the end of that year, Serve robots had successfully completed over 10,000 commercial deliveries
 for Postmates in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired by Uber in 2020, and in
February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating
to this project to Serve. In return for this contribution and an investment of cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity
interest in the business. By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the majority of the team that had worked on this project at Postmates
joined Serve as full time employees. Because
 we started within a food delivery company, our team comes with a depth of expertise in food
 delivery. Additionally, our engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation and
 robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc.,
 Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc. and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions
 us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based
 on our proprietary historical delivery data, approximately half of all food delivery distances
 in the United States are less than 2.5 miles, making these deliveries well-suited to
 delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that can delight customers,
 improve reliability for merchants and reduce traffic congestion and vehicle emissions. Moreover,
 at scale with full utilization and high autonomy, we believe our robots have the potential
 to reduce average delivery cost to under $1.00, lower than delivery cost by human couriers
 today, making on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in which we
 operate. In fact, according to a 2024 ARK Invest report, by using automation to reduce delivery
 costs, the potential market for food and parcel delivery by robots and drones may grow to
 as much as $450 billion globally in 2030. 46 Recent Developments License and Services Agreement On February 20, 2024, Serve entered into a License
and Services Agreement (the “LSA”) with Magna as a part of a strategic partnership with Magna. Pursuant to the LSA, Serve,
as an independent contractor of Magna, agreed to (i) grant a non-exclusive license to the Serve AMR Technology in the Licensed Fields
of Use (each as defined in the LSA) to Magna and its affiliates and (ii) provide all reasonable engineering, technical and related support
services that Magna may request from time to time in writing and in furtherance of commercialization of the Serve AMR Technology and
products (including software) using, practicing, or incorporating the Serve AMR Technology, and manufactured using, practicing or incorporating
the Serve AMR Technology (such services and support, the “Development Services”). Except as expressly set forth in the LSA,
any Development Services shall be provided under the MSA (as defined below) and, if expired or terminated, under terms and conditions
that are consistent with the terms therein. The term of the LSA will continue unless terminated by either party pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth in the LSA. Master Services Agreement On February 1, 2024, Serve entered into a Master
Services Agreement (the “MSA”) with Magna, retroactively effective as of January 15, 2024 (the “Effective Date”).
Pursuant to the MSA, Serve agreed to provide certain services to Magna as described in one or more statements of work (“SOWs”).
Such SOWs will contain a description of the scope, the time to be spent on performance, the fees to be paid to Serve, the functional
requirements and technical specifications and, to the extent applicable, the timetable, schedule or milestones for the performance of
the requested services. Serve and Magna entered into the first SOW on the Effective Date. The term of the MSA commenced on the Effective
Date and will continue for a term of three months, unless terminated earlier or mutually extended in accordance with its terms. In connection with the strategic partnership
with Magna, on February 7, 2024, we issued the Magna Warrant to purchase up to 2,145,000 shares of our common stock, subject to adjustments
as provided therein, at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The Magna Warrant will be exercisable in two
equal tranches: (i) the first tranche will become exercisable no later than May 15, 2024, subject to certain conditions; and (ii) the
second tranche will become exercisable upon Magna’s achievement of a certain manufacturing milestone as set forth in a production
and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect to the contract manufacturing of our autonomous delivery robots by Magna or its
affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the shares issued upon exercise of the Magna Warrant will vest and become exercisable upon
any “change of control” (as defined in the Magna Warrant). The shares that may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of the Magna Warrant are being offered and sold in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Convertible Promissory Notes Offering At an initial closing on January 2, 2024
and subsequent closings on January 12, 2024, January 22, 2024 and January 26, 2024, we issued to certain accredited investors convertible
promissory notes, for which the Company received an aggregate of $5.0 million in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes bear interest
at a rate of 6.00% per year, compounded annually, due and payable upon request by each investor on or after the 12-month anniversary
of the original issuance date of each note. The Company may not prepay or repay the notes in cash without the consent of the investors. Note Payable – Related Party On December 27, 2023, Serve issued a senior
secured promissory note to its Chief Executive Officer for which Serve received $70,000 in proceeds. The note bore interest at 7.67%
per annum. The agreement contained a clause that the terms would be updated if subsequent notes were issued at a more favorable term.
Serve repaid the note on January 3, 2024. Merger Agreement On July 31, 2023, Patricia Acquisition Corp.,
Acquisition Sub, and Serve entered into the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Acquisition
Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. 47 As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business
of Serve, a leading autonomous sidewalk delivery company based in Redwood City, California. See “ Description of our Business .”
At the Effective Time, each of Serve’s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger
was converted into the right to receive 0.8035 of a share of our common stock (in the case of shares held by accredited investors), with
the maximum number of shares of our common stock issuable to the former holders of Serve’s capital stock equal to 20,948,917 shares
after adjustments due to rounding for fractional shares. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, an aggregate of 3,500,000 shares
of our common stock owned by our stockholders prior to the Merger were forfeited and canceled (the “Stock Forfeiture”). In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
(i) options to purchase 1,984,951 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger under the 2021 Plan were assumed and converted into options to purchase 1,594,800 shares of our common stock, (ii) warrants
to purchase 160,323 shares of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger were assumed and converted into warrants to purchase 128,819 shares of our common stock and (iii) warrants to
purchase 17,314 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were
assumed and converted into warrants to purchase 13,911 shares of our common stock and (iv) SAFEs totaling $15,551,953 were
converted into 4,372,613 shares of our common stock. Private Placement Following the Effective Time of the Merger, we
sold 3,183,671 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Private Placement in multiple closings. We also issued 937,961 shares
of our common stock to convert the outstanding principal and interest of outstanding Bridge Notes in connection with the consummation
of the Merger. Each investor in the Private Placement was required
to represent that, at the time of the applicable closing, it (i) has a substantive, pre-existing relationship with us, or has direct
contact with us or the Placement Agents or other enumerated parties outside of the Private Placement and (ii) did not independently
contact us as a result of general solicitation by means of this prospectus, any press release or any other public disclosure disclosing
the material terms of the Private Placement. Note Payable – Related Party In June and July 2023, the Company issued
a senior secured promissory note with its Chief Executive Officer for which the Company received $449,000 in proceeds. The note bore
interest at 7.67% per annum and matured upon the Merger. The agreement contained a clause that the terms would be updated if subsequent
notes were issued at a more favorable term. Accordingly, based on loans in July 2023, notes were issued that contained a 16% exit
fee. Serve repaid the notes upon the closing of the Merger. Secured Subordinated Promissory Notes On July 6, 2023, Serve issued Secured Subordinated
Promissory Notes (the “Promissory Notes”) to accredited investors in an aggregate principal loan amount of $750,000. Pursuant
to the Promissory Notes, the loans accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 18.00% per annum, computed as simple
interest. Each holder of the Promissory Notes was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal amount of such holder’s
Promissory Note, less the total amount of interest that accrued on such Promissory Note prior to the closing of the Merger (the “Exit
Fee”). Serve repaid the Promissory Notes and the Exit Fee upon the closing of the Merger. Outlook And Challenges Facing Our Business There are a number of industry factors that affect
our business which include, among others: Overall Demand for Last-mile Delivery on Partner
Platforms. Our potential for growth depends significantly
on continued demand for last-mile delivery of food and other items on our partner platforms. This demand can fluctuate based on various
market cycles and weather and local community health conditions, as well as evolving competitive dynamics. Our largest stream of projected
revenue comes from maximizing utilization of our robots to perform deliveries on our partner platforms. Matching algorithms on these
platforms as well as the extent of their merchant and end-customer participation in robotic delivery directly impacts the utilization
rate of our robots, both of which can be challenging to predict. These uncertainties make demand difficult to forecast for us and our
partners. Customer Concentration. We
 currently have a limited number of customers. Sales to Uber represented 71% of our revenues
 for the year ended December 31, 2023, and if Uber were to breach, cancel, or amend our
 agreement, it may have an outsized effect on our revenue, cash on hand and profitability.
 Our business development team is actively pursuing new delivery and branding customers to
 diversify our customer base. 48 Inflation and Market Considerations; Availability
of Materials, Labor & Services. We
 consider most on-demand purchases as discretionary spending for consumers, and we are therefore
 susceptible to changes in discretionary spending patterns and economic slowdowns in the geographic
 areas in which merchants on our partners’ platforms operate and in the economy at large.
 Discretionary consumer spending can be impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment,
 consumer debt, inflation, rising gasoline prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and
 other macroeconomic factors. Inflation can lead to increased cost of material and labor for
 restaurants and merchants who may in turn raise prices on the item they sell and result in
 a reduction in demand for those items. To the extent inflation reduces economic activity
 and consumer demand for items we deliver, it could negatively impact our financial results.
 Continued uncertainty in or a worsening of the economy, generally or in a number of our markets,
 and consumers’ reactions to these trends could adversely affect our business and cause
 us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of new market openings or cease
 operations in existing markets. It is important to note, however, that inflation can also
 serve as a tailwind that would accelerate the adoption of automated robotic last-mile delivery
 as labor becomes more expensive and drives up the cost of delivery by humans. Intellectual Property. We
 rely on patented and non-patented proprietary information relating to product development,
 manufacturing capabilities and other core competencies of our business. Protection of intellectual
 property is critical. Therefore, steps such as additional patent applications, confidentiality
 and non-disclosure agreements, as well as other security measures are important. While we
 believe we have a strong patent portfolio and there is no actual or, to our knowledge, threatened
 litigation against us for patent-related matters, litigation or threatened litigation is
 a common method to effectively enforce or protect intellectual property rights. Such action
 may be initiated by or against us and would require significant management time and expenses. Supply Chain Constraints. The global supply shortage of electrical components,
including semiconductor chips and other hardware components essential to the manufacturing and maintenance of our robots, continued to
impact our supply chain throughout 2023. As a result, we experienced increases in our lead times and costs for certain components to
build our robots. Although our supply chain normalized during 2023, we cannot be sure whether global supply chain shortages will impact
our future robot build plans. In order to mitigate supply chain risks, we would need to incur higher costs to secure available inventory
and place non-cancellable purchase commitments with our suppliers, which could introduce inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions
prove inaccurate. Higher costs of components would impact our cash runway and delays in the manufacturing of our robots would push out
our revenue forecasts. Governmental and Regulatory Conditions. Our potential for growth depends on continued
permission and acceptance by local governments and municipalities where our robots perform deliveries. Changes in regulations such as
the imposition of a cap on the number of robots or technical requirements such as robot size and weight restrictions or limitations on
autonomy within a certain geographic area could reduce or limit our ability to generate revenues and/or impact our unit economics in
those markets. Future Prospects. We
 anticipate that we will continue to experience operating losses in 2023 and 2024 as we seek
 to implement our long-term strategic plan, using the net proceeds from the Private Placement
 to accelerate our development through increased research and development spending, scale
 our robotic fleet, expand our sales and business development efforts and increase our overall
 headcount in order to achieve efficiencies through scaled growth. Our goal over the next
 two years is to scale our operating fleet by a factor of 10 and expand our geographic coverage
 to new markets beyond our current operating area in Los Angeles. With such an increase,
 we anticipate proportional increases in capital costs, overhead and operating expenses. Our
 ability to initially achieve profitability is dependent upon numerous factors, including
 the development of revenues, general business and economic conditions and other risks and
 uncertainties, including those listed under “ Risk Factors ” elsewhere in
 this prospectus. 49 Components of Results of Operations Revenue Our revenue currently consists primarily of (1) delivery
revenues and (2) revenues from branding. Operating Expenses Cost
 of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of allocations of depreciation on robot
 assets used for revenue-producing activities, personnel time related to revenue-producing
 activities and costs related to data, software and similar costs that allow the robots to
 function as intended and for the Company to communicate with the robots while in service. Operations. Operations expenses primarily
consist of costs for field operations personnel. Research and Development. Costs incurred
in the research and development of the Company’s products are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include product
design, hardware and software costs. Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing
expenses include personnel costs and public relations expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in sales and
marketing expenses. General
 and Administrative. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related
 expenses for executive management and administrative functions, including finance and accounting,
 legal and human resources, as well as general corporate expenses and general insurance. General
 and administrative expenses also include depreciation on property and equipment as well as
 amortization of right of use assets. These costs are expensed as incurred. Interest Expense Interest expense consists of stated rates of
interest on financing instruments, fees incurred related to financing instruments or accretion of debt discounts. Changes in Fair Value of future equity
obligations Changes
 in the fair value of SAFEs relate to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized within
 the statements of operations. Other Income, Net Other income, net of other expenses, consists
primarily of income generated from our interest-bearing deposit account. Financial Overview For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
we generated revenues of $0.21 million and $0.11 million, respectively, and reported net loss of $24.81 million and $21.86 million,
respectively. As noted in our consolidated financial statements,
as of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $68.33 million. 50 Results of Operations Comparison of Results of Operations for the
Year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 The following table summarizes our operating
results as reflected in our unaudited statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and provides
information regarding the dollar and percentage increase (or decrease) during such periods. Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022 | Change
Revenues | $ | 207,545 | $ | 107,819 | $ | 99,726
Cost of revenues | 1,730,262 | 1,148,426 | 581,836
Gross loss | (1,522,717 | ) | (1,040,607 | ) | (482,110 | )
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 4,618,499 | 3,786,124 | 832,375
Operations | 2,564,930 | 2,035,063 | 529,867
Research and development | 9,947,258 | 13,565,765 | (3,618,507 | )
Sales and marketing | 605,205 | 525,494 | 79,711
Impairment of long-lived assets | 1,468,995 | - | 1,468,995
Total operating expenses | 19,204,887 | 19,912,446 | (707,559 | )
Loss from operations | (20,727,604 | ) | (20,953,053 | ) | 225,449
Other income (expense), net:
Interest expense, net | (2,264,426 | ) | (636,330 | ) | (1,628,096 | )
Change in fair value of derivative liability | (149,000 | ) | - | (149,000 | )
Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity | (1,672,706 | ) | (265,744 | ) | (1,406,962 | )
Total other income (expense), net | (4,086,132 | ) | (902,074 | ) | (3,184,058 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | - | -
Net loss | $ | (24,813,736 | ) | $ | (21,855,127 | ) | $ | (2,958,609 | )
Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 14,204,078 | 6,896,769
Net loss per common share - basic and diluted | $ | (1.75 | ) | $ | (3.17 | ) Revenues were $0.21 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared with $0.11 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was because 2023 had a full year of
operations, whereas 2022 had a partial year, which resulted in more delivery fees. Cost of revenues was $1.73 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, compared with $1.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was because 2023 had a full year
of operations, whereas 2022 had a partial year, which resulted in more costs. General
 and administrative expense increased $0.83 million to $4.62 million for the year ended December
 31, 2023 from $3.79 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to an increase
 in costs related to administrative functions, including finance and accounting, legal and
 human resources, as well as general corporate expenses. Operations expense increased $0.53 million to
$2.56 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with $2.04 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to
servicing the larger scale of the robot fleet. Research and development expense, which represented
51.8% and 68.1% of total operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, decreased $3.62 million to
$9.95 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 from $13.57 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to a reduction
in workforce effective December 2022. 51 Sales and marketing expenses increased $0.08
million to $0.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 from $0.53 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily
to an increase in personnel costs and public relations expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2023 an impairment
of long-lived asset expense of $1.47 million was recognized. Based on evaluating the forecasted cash flows through the assets’
remaining useful life, and technology becoming obsolete once a new generation of robots is expected to launch, in 2024, management concluded
to record a full impairment of the assets. Due to the discounted cash flows being negative through the remaining useful life (November
2024), and the technology becoming obsolete once a new generation of robots is launched, it was determined that there was an impairment
and the expense recognized. Operating expense decreased $0.71 million to
$19.20 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 from $19.91 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to a reduction
in workforce effective December 2022. Interest expense increased $1.63 million to $2.26
million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $0.64 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase is related
to the accretion of debt discounts which is a result of debts entered into that contained redemption features requiring derivative accounting
and warrants issued with debt that discounted the debts. The majority of the increase is due to accretion and to a lesser extent, the
interest on the Farnam Lease. The change in fair value of future equity obligations
increased by $1.41 million to $1.67 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $0.27 million for the year ended December
31, 2022 primarily due to the revaluation of SAFEs immediately prior to conversion into common stock. The change in fair value of derivative liability
increased by $0.15 million to $0.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $0.00 million for the year ended December
31, 2022 primarily due to the revaluation of derivative immediately prior to conversion into common stock, and there was no such derivative
in the prior year. Other expenses were $4.09 million and $0.9 million
for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively primarily due to the increases in interest expense described above. Net loss increased $2.96 million to $24.81 million
for the year ended December 31, 2023 from $21.86 million for the same period in 2022. The increase in net loss was primarily attributed
to other expenses such as conversion of SAFEs and derivative liability into common stock as well as the impairment on the robot asset
in 2023. Key metrics We regularly review the following key business
metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make
strategic decisions: Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
(Unaudited) | (Unaudited)
Key Metrics
Daily Active Robots | 34 | 28
Daily Supply Hours | 260 | 211 Daily Active Robots: We define daily active
robots as the average number of robots performing daily deliveries during the period. Daily active robots reflect our operation team’s
capacity to have active robots in the field performing deliveries and/or generating branding revenues. We closely monitor and strive
to increase our daily active robots efficiently as we improve our autonomy and resultant human-to-robot ratios and increase the number
of merchants and brand advertisers on our platform. Daily Supply Hours: We define daily supply
hours as the average number of hours our robots are ready to accept offers and perform daily deliveries during the period. Supply hours
represent the aggregate number of robot hours per day during which we can utilize our robots for delivery. Supply hours increase as we
add active robots and increase the operating window of those robots in a day. We closely monitor and strive to efficiently increase our
fleet’s daily supply hours. 52 Liquidity and Capital Resources Net cash generated by financing activities is
our primary source of liquidity. As of December 31, 2023, we had current assets of $1.46 million and current liabilities of $6.24 million,
which included $0.01 million in cash and cash equivalents. We plan to raise additional working capital to
fund operations through the issuance of stock to investors and/or issuance of notes payable. We believe, but there is no assurance, that
the estimated net proceeds of approximately $36.3 million from this offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents will be
sufficient to fund our current operating plans through 2025. Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on our ability to raise adequate capital to fund operating losses until we can generate liquidity from our business operations.
The report of our independent auditor on the audited financial statements contained in this prospectus includes an explanatory paragraph
describing conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. To the extent sufficient financing
is not available, we may not be able to, or may be delayed in, developing our offerings and meeting our obligations. We will continue
to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our available cash and evaluate financing alternatives in order to satisfy our working
capital and other cash requirements. Cash Flows As of December 31, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents
were $0.01 million. The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented in millions: Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022 | Change
Net cash (used in) provided by:
Operating activities | $ | (15,970,878 | ) | $ | (21,402,786 | ) | $ | 5,431,908
Investing activities | (4,914 | ) | (4,060,962 | ) | 4,056,048
Financing activities | 13,266,829 | 20,213,606 | (6,946,777 | )
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents | $ | (2,708,963 | ) | $ | (5,250,142 | ) | $ | 2,541,179 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was $15.97
and $21.40 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease of $5.43 million was attributable primarily
to a decrease in operating expenses including headcount and personnel costs, research and development, and support to revenue-producing
activities. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $0.00
and $4.06 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The usage of cash in 2022 related to the build of our
second-generation robots, whereas in 2023, there were no new builds of robots. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was
$13.27 and $20.21 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease of $6.95 million was attributable
primarily to reduced proceeds from SAFEs in 2023 compared to 2022, and lower proceeds from Silicon Valley Bank loan in 2022. 53 Indebtedness In March 2022, we entered into a term loan
with Silicon Valley Bank for gross proceeds of $2.50 million with a maturity date of March 1, 2025. The loan accrues interest
at the greater of 3.25% or prime rate. Principal payments commenced on October 1, 2022, and the loan is repayable in 30 installments
of principal and accrued interest. We also entered into an equipment financing lease
agreement with Farnam in June 2022, commencing November 2022, for the cost of building robots, calling for 24 monthly
payments of approximately $0.19 million based on an expected total cost of $4.46 million of robot parts and manufacturing costs.
In December 2023, the agreement was modified for three monthly payments of approximately $0.03 million and 12 monthly payments of approximately
$0.19 million, subject to certain terms and effective in 2024. Contractual Obligations and Commitments The following is a summary of our significant
contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023. Remaining Period of 2024 | More than One Year and Less than Three Years | More than Three Years and Less than Five Years | More than Five Years | Total
Operating lease obligations | $ | 527,983 | 214,775 | - | - | 742,758
Loan Financing Facility | 1,070,000 | 250,000 | - | - | 1,320,000
Equipment Financing Facility | 2,363,807 | - | - | - | 2,363,807
Total | $ | 3,961,790 | 464,775 | - | - | 4,426,565 On December 31, 2021, we entered into a
strategic supply agreement with a manufacturer of component parts used for our robot assets. The agreement calls for a minimum of $2.30 million
in purchases over a two-year period ending December 2023. At the end of the two-year period, the vendor may invoice us for any shortfall
in orders. As of December 31, 2023, the minimum purchase commitment was extended one year. We have minimum spend agreements related to simulation
software and storage services. The purchase commitments extend for a period of two to three years. Off-Balance Sheet Transactions We did not have during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial
partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 54 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our
 consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this report are
 prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses
 and related disclosures. Our most critical accounting estimates relate to impairment of long-lived
 assets, valuation of SAFEs, stock-based compensation and right of use assets and liabilities.
 These estimates are critical as they require management judgment for inputs that are not
 observable. These estimates are developed based on historical experience and various other
 assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could
 differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent that there are
 differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation,
 financial condition, results of operation and cash flows will be affected. We believe that
 the accounting policies described below involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
 Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are most critical to aid in fully understanding
 and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Revenue Recognition We account for revenue in accordance with ASC 606
– Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: ● | Identification of a contract with a customer; ● | Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; ● | Determination of the transaction price; ● | Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and ● | Recognition of revenue when or as the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for
those goods or services. As a practical expedient, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant financing
component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods or services is expected to be one
year or less. To date, we have generated initial revenues from
our delivery services as well as branding fees. For delivery services, we satisfy our performance obligation when the delivery is complete,
which is the point in time control of the delivered product transfers to the customer. We recognize branding fees over time as performance
obligations are completed over the term of the agreement. Lease Recognition We account for leases under ASC 842 – Leases.
We do not apply the recognition requirements for leases with a term of twelve months or less. We determine if an arrangement is a lease,
or includes an embedded lease, at inception for each contract or agreement. A contract is or contains an embedded lease if the contract
meets all of the below criteria: (i) | there is an identified asset; (ii) | we obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the asset; and (iii) | we have the right to direct the use of the asset. Our operating lease agreements include office
and warehouse space. Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and operating
lease liabilities represent the obligation to make payments arising from the lease or embedded lease. Operating lease ROU assets and
operating lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over
the lease term. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use an incremental borrowing rate that is based on the estimated rate
of interest for a collateralized borrowing of a similar asset, using a similar term as the lease payments at the commencement date. Indirect
capital costs are capitalized and included in the ROU assets at commencement. The operating lease ROU assets and operating
lease liabilities include any lease payments made, including any variable amounts that are based on an index or rate, and exclude lease
incentives. Variability that is not due to an index or rate, such as payments made based on hourly rates, are excluded from the lease
liability. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. 55 Renewal option periods are included within the
lease term and the associated payments are recognized in the measurement of the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability when
they are at our discretion and considered reasonably certain of being exercised. Over the lease term, we use the effective interest rate
method to account for the lease liability as lease payments are made and the ROU asset is amortized in a manner that results in straight-line
expense recognition. We have elected the practical expedient not to
recognize leases with an initial term of 12 months or less on our balance sheets and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the term of the short-term lease. Stock-Based Compensation We account for stock-based compensation in accordance
with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation. We measure all stock-based awards granted to employees, directors
and non-employee consultants based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes compensation expense for those awards, net
of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. For awards
with service-based vesting conditions, we record the expense for using the straight-line method. For awards with performance-based vesting
conditions, we record the expense if and when we conclude that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. We classify stock-based compensation expenses
in our statement of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient’s payroll costs are classified or in which the award
recipient’s service payments are classified. The fair value of each stock option grant is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We historically have been a private company and lacks company-specific
historical and implied volatility information for our stock. Therefore, we estimate our expected stock price volatility based on the
historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expect to continue to do so until such time as we have adequate historical
data regarding the volatility of our own traded stock price. The expected term of our stock options has been determined utilizing the
“simplified” method for awards that qualify as “plain-vanilla” options. The risk-free interest rate is determined
by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the
expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends on common stock and do
not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Determining the appropriate fair value of stock-based awards requires
the input of subjective assumptions. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent management’s
best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment. As a result, if factors change
and management uses different assumptions, stock-based compensation expenses could be materially different for future awards. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting
Company Status We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to either early adopt or delay
the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the
extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively
and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be
comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We are also a “smaller reporting company”
meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million and our annual revenue was less than $100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value
of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million during the most recently
completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting
company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements
that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two
most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies,
smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure As
 of the Effective Time (i) Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C. (“Grassi”), was dismissed
 as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company and (ii) our board
 of directors engaged dbbmckennon (“dbbmckennon”) as the independent registered
 public accounting firm to audit Serve’s financial statements for the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 and to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2023. During
 the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period
 through the date of Grassi’s dismissal, there were no disagreements with Grassi on
 any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
 scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Grassi, would
 have caused it to make reference to the subject matter thereof in connection with its report,
 nor did its report contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified
 or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle. During the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through the date of Grassi’s dismissal, neither we nor anyone acting on our behalf
consulted dbbmckennon regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or
the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements. 56 BUSINESS Formation History Serve Operating Co. was incorporated in the State
of Delaware on January 15, 2021. Serve is a spin-off of Uber, a global ride-hailing and last-mile delivery platform. The Serve initiative
was initially formed in 2017 as the X division of Postmates, a pioneering food delivery startup in the United States. Uber acquired
Postmates in 2020, including the Postmates X division. At the beginning of 2021, Uber’s leadership
agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the Postmates X division team, the related assets, as well as a capital
investment to Serve in return for a minority equity interest in the business. Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations The following is a glossary of technical terms
used in this prospectus: AI — Artificial Intelligence AV — Autonomous Vehicle GHG — Greenhouse Gases GPS — Global Positioning
System GPU — Graphical Processing
Unit IMU — Inertial Measurement
Unit LIDAR — A digital sensor
for measuring distance to objects which uses the principle of radar, but uses light from a laser ODD
 — Operating Design Domain describes the specific operating conditions in which
 the automated driving system is designed to properly operate, including but not limited to
 roadway types, speed range and environmental conditions Reverse Logistics — A
type of supply chain management that moves goods from customers back to the sellers or manufacturers Overview We are on a mission to deliver a sustainable
future by transforming how goods move among people. Serve has developed an advanced, AI-powered robotics
mobility platform, with last-mile delivery in cities as its first application. According to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics
in 2017, 45% of car trips in the United States are taken for shopping and errands, and in 2019, FedEx stated that over 60% of merchants’
customers live within three miles of a store location. By eliminating unnecessary car traffic, and by reducing the cost of last-mile
transportation, Serve aims to reshape cities into sustainable, safe, and people-friendly environments, with thriving local economies. Serve’s
 first product is a low-emissions robot that serves people in public spaces, starting with
 food delivery. In 2017, our core technology development began with our co-founders and a
 growing product and engineering team. In 2020, the team launched delivery robots in Los Angeles
 performing contactless deliveries during the COVID-19 pandemic shutdowns. By the end of that
 year, Serve robots had successfully completed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates
 in California, augmenting Postmates’ fleet of human couriers. 57 Postmates was acquired by Uber in 2020, and in
February of 2021, Uber’s leadership team agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating
to this project to Serve. In return for this contribution and an investment of cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity
interest in the business. By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the majority of the team that had worked on this project at Postmates
joined Serve as full-time employees. After spinning off from Uber in 2021, Serve established
a commercial partnership with Uber, with deliveries starting in January 2022 on a small scale. In May 2022, Uber announced
a pilot program with Serve, and by June, it executed a commercial-scale agreement with Serve to deploy up to 2,000 of its robots across
the United States. Serve’s
 current fleet consists of over 100 robots, and we plan to expand our fleet by building and
 deploying hundreds of new robots in the coming years after raising additional rounds of financing.
 Our goal is to deploy all 2,000 Uber robots by the end of 2025, though the exact timing and
 robot quantity will be determined by future capital availability. We currently do not expect
 to be able to build and deploy robots in 2024 based on our existing capital. We have platform-level
 integrations with Uber Eats and 7-Eleven, Inc. in Los Angeles, California, which means Serve
 robots can provide real-time presence and status updates on those platforms and receive requests
 to perform deliveries with respect to customer orders placed on those platforms as needed.
 We have also successfully conducted pilots for Walmart, a major pizza quick service restaurant
 and a major coffee shop chain. To date, Uber Eats is the only partner for whom we have completed
 a material number of deliveries. Our strategic investors include NVIDIA, Uber, 7-Ventures
 and Delivery Hero’s corporate venture units, alongside other world-class investors. Because
 we started within a food delivery company, our team comes with a depth of expertise in food
 delivery. Additionally, our engineering team has extensive experience in AI, automation and
 robotics. Our leadership team includes veterans from Uber, Postmates, Waymo, Apple Inc.,
 Blue Origin, LLC, GoPro, Inc., GoDaddy Inc. and Anki, Inc. We believe our expertise positions
 us to service the ever-growing on-demand delivery market, including food delivery. Based
 on our proprietary historical delivery data, approximately half of all food delivery distances
 in the United States are less than 2.5 miles, making these deliveries well-suited
 to delivery by sidewalk robots. We provide a robotic delivery experience that can delight
 customers, improve reliability for merchants and reduce traffic congestion and vehicle emissions.
 Moreover, at scale with full utilization and high autonomy, we believe our robots have the
 potential to reduce average delivery cost to under $1.00, lower than delivery cost by human
 couriers today, making on-demand delivery more affordable and accessible in the areas in
 which we operate. In fact, according to a 2024 ARK Invest report, by using automation to
 reduce delivery costs, the potential market for food and parcel delivery by robots and drones
 may grow to as much as $450 billion in 2030. Last-Mile Delivery Costs Despite new technological innovations of the
past few decades as well as growing adoption of online commerce and home delivery, last-mile delivery has remained costly and inefficient.
From 2020 to 2023, DoorDash, the largest food delivery platform in the United States, reported nearly 200% in revenue growth, while cost
of revenue increased 235% over that four-year period. By our own estimate, in addition to cost of labor, issues such as fraud and refunds
caused by driver error (for example, failed deliveries or missing items) increase average delivery cost of couriers by over $1.00 per
delivery. Besides on-demand delivery, next-day parcel delivery
has also struggled with last-mile cost. For example, in May 2023, Amazon announced a program to reduce its delivery costs by offering
certain customers $10 to pick up items from nearby stores. Tailwinds for Automation While an ever-growing share of consumers is shopping
online and demanding faster deliveries, a number of factors have contributed to keeping last-mile costs high: ● | Labor shortages caused by the aging population and the COVID-19 pandemic have led to wage inflation. ● | On-demand delivery companies in many jurisdictions are battling regulatory pressures to classify gig workers as employees, which would in turn increase labor costs. ● | More recently, cities across the United States have introduced maximum limits on how much delivery platforms can charge restaurants and merchants, highlighting the need to lower underlying delivery costs. Labor
 cost inflation and regulatory pressures serve as tailwinds that are expected to accelerate
 the adoption of automated robotic last-mile delivery. While labor costs typically increase
 over time, hardware and technology costs typically decrease. We expect the cost of cameras,
 GPU processors, electric motors, batteries, and advanced sensors such as LIDAR to continue
 to decrease, as artificial intelligence algorithms become more capable and less expensive
 and mobile networks become faster and more reliable with higher bandwidth and geographic
 coverage, which together we believe will lead to a downward trend in the cost of building
 and operating robots and serve as additional tailwinds for the adoption of robots. 58 Delivery Robots, Aerial Drones and Autonomous
Vehicles We believe that the evolving landscape of urban
mobility will see a shift towards the unbundling of traditional vehicular transportation, potentially ushering in an era where specialized
robots and automated vehicles will play a central role in mobility. After the introduction of automobiles in the early 20th century,
according to reports, the United States experienced a transition from 25 million horses in the 1920s, to over 283 million cars in the
2020s — over 11 vehicles replacing one horse. Drawing on this trend, we believe the development of specialized, efficient robots
in the future has the potential to lead to a similar proliferation of robots for every existing vehicle. For
 example, consider the delivery of goods, which represents a major application for vehicles
 today. Deliveries vary by distance, cargo size, cargo sensitivity and timing requirements,
 among other factors. Today, most next-day parcels are delivered using trucks, while on-demand
 food delivery largely takes place in personal vehicles. Overall, a small percentage of short
 distance deliveries are performed on bicycles. As automation is introduced, we believe different
automated technologies will be best suited for different deliveries. AVs will be best for longer distance and larger deliveries, though
experts currently believe AVs are still many years away from scaled, profitable operation. Delivery robots and aerial drones, however,
have been commercially operating in a variety of environments for several years and are expected to scale over the coming years. We believe
robots are best suited for short distance deliveries in populated environments, while drones are best suited for longer distances and
less populated areas. When different automated vehicles emerge at scale, we expect to see a considerable share of deliveries completed
using multiple technologies collaboratively. For
 example, while aerial drones may provide faster delivery experience across longer distances
 and less populated areas, they face many challenges when it comes to picking up orders from
 many restaurants located in densely populated areas: safety concerns to sidewalk pedestrians,
 noise pollution and lack of availability of dedicated real estate at every store front, among
 others. Instead, we expect delivery robots will be able to pick up items on busy streets
 and urban environments and deliver them to a drone at a nearby hand-off location. While in
 motion, a battery-powered delivery robot often generates less noise and carries considerably
 less kinetic energy than a flying drone. By blending with existing infrastructure without
 introducing significant noise or safety concerns, delivery robots may enable drones to access
 items in the most populated spaces that may otherwise be challenging for drones to access
 in the future. Similarly, when AVs become commercially viable,
they will face challenges accessing merchants on congested streets where parking is limited. Restaurant waiting staff are often too busy
to walk to the nearest available parking space to load an AV. We expect delivery robots will facilitate this process and help accelerate
the adoption of AVs by allowing them to commercialize within existing urban infrastructures. In
 summary, delivery robots, aerial drones and AVs are each efficacious for deliveries with
 different attributes, and all three can work collaboratively to create a more efficient automated
 last-mile delivery network. The applications of robotics in delivery are wide-ranging, from
 on-demand food and grocery to convenience goods, alcohol, pharmaceuticals, parcels and more.
 According to a 2023 Business Insider report, the market for delivery robots is predicted
 to grow to $1 trillion by 2030. Delivery Robot Operations Our
 delivery robots start each day at a central hub located near their operating area. Employees
 at the hub prepare robots for dispatch every morning by ensuring robots are cleaned, regular
 maintenance items are performed and robots pass daily diagnostic tests. While most robots
 deploy to and return from their operating area automatically and without further vehicular
 assistance, some robots may be transported to and from operating areas that are further away
 in a human-driven vehicle. While in the field, we estimate that Serve robots
are able to navigate over 80% of their environment autonomously. They are supervised through mobile connectivity and video streaming
by remote human operators who can assist robots when necessary, such as at intersection crossings or when robots are unable to navigate
certain conditions (e.g., blocked paths, construction zones, etc.). In less frequent occasions, if a robot requires physical assistance,
such as when a robot is too low on battery to return home or if it has been damaged, a nearby employee is dispatched to repair or return
the robot. As of January 2024, fewer than 1 out of every 500 of our robotic deliveries require physical assistance. Throughout
 the day, each robot receives a series of delivery orders from partnered merchants and delivery
 platforms. Upon acceptance of any such order, the robot navigates to the pick-up location,
 waits outside and notifies merchant staff, often through their existing delivery tablets
 or point-of-sale devices. Once the merchant staff load the package into the robot, it navigates
 to its drop-off destination. A similar sequence of events results in customers meeting the
 robot at the curb, unlocking its cargo using their delivery app or on-screen instructions,
 and retrieving their package. 59 At
 night, robots return to their central hub to be recharged, maintained, upgraded when necessary,
 and prepared for the next morning’s deployment. Also, various robot components are
 occasionally replaced due to wear and tear (e.g., tires, motors and batteries). Other components
 such as computers and key sensors like LIDAR have multi-year lifespans and are rarely replaced.
 Overall, the useful life of a robot is measured in years, as calculated based on the average
 lifespan of individual components weighted by their cost. Delivery
 robots have inherent limitations on how much cargo they can carry and how quickly they can
 move given the constraints of the sidewalk environment. Current Serve robots carry up to
 13 gallons of cargo and can move at a maximum speed of 7 mph. This imposes limits on
 addressable deliveries, travel time and rate of utilization of robots. For example, due to
 their speed, delivery robots are best suited for short-distance deliveries, though approximately
 half of food deliveries in the United States are under 2.5 miles and thus within
 the delivery range of sidewalk robots. Assuming a target customer delivery wait time of approximately
 30 minutes, food delivery robots operating 12 hours per day could perform a maximum
 of 20 to 30 deliveries per day, depending on the rate of batched deliveries. Furthermore, our robots are equipped with a number
of security features to prevent their cargo and their associated data and IP from unauthorized access. The robots’ secure cargo
compartment can only be unlocked through the delivery app’s interface or using a security code entered on the robots’ touchscreen.
Moreover, using encrypted communication protocols and data storage as well as secure authentication methods, the data and software onboard
each robot is protected from unauthorized access. Finally, robots are equipped with redundant real-time location tracking systems as
well as alarm and communication features to deter attempts at vandalism and enable quick recovery of assets in the unlikely event of
theft. Impact of Robotic Delivery As automation decreases the cost of last-mile
delivery and leads to increased adoption, we anticipate opportunities for impact over the long term: ● | Reduced GHG Emissions: We believe robots and drones can reduce emissions caused by large vehicles used today for moving small packages. According to a study published in Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment in 2020, GHG emissions from operating delivery robots, including emissions from charging battery and transportation to/from delivery hubs, are over 96% lower than emissions from operating internal combustion engine vehicles. ● | Lower Delivery Costs: While all automated delivery vehicles still require a certain amount of human involvement (for example, in loading, unloading, maintenance and remote supervision), we believe labor is leveraged more efficiently resulting in more deliveries per unit of human effort. Just as automation has done in the past, it is expected that this will reduce delivery costs. ● | Increased On-Demand Adoption: On-demand services are largely luxuries afforded by affluent consumers today. We believe reducing delivery costs could make home delivery services affordable to more people. ● | Easier Reverse Logistics: We believe reducing the cost for last-mile transportation is likely to increase adoption of reverse logistics applications as well (e.g., more convenient package returns). ● | More Local Commerce: We believe that the increased adoption of home delivery will result in more commerce for local businesses. Moreover, faster and cheaper local deliveries
as well as easier and more cost-effective reverse logistics will likely result in new consumer behaviors and increased use of online
commerce. For example, a customer ordering a pair of shoes from Amazon may wait several days only to receive an ill-fitting pair that
must be returned while they wait more days for the next pair. In contrast, a customer ordering shoes from a local store could have three
pairs of varying sizes delivered to their front door by a robot within an hour. They may try them on, pick the best fitting pair, and
leave the other pairs in the robot to return. 60 ● | More Local Jobs : We believe increased delivery and local commerce activities resulting from reduction in cost of delivery could lead to more local jobs, ranging from increased staffing of local businesses, logistics operators who enable automated delivery networks to function and human couriers who perform deliveries that automated services cannot perform. ● | Higher Delivery Quality : Like most automated systems, robots are less prone to error. For example, customers of food delivery platforms often experience missing items, mistaken orders and lost or missed deliveries altogether. Robots promise to reduce such errors, creating what has the potential to be a better experience for customers and merchants alike. ● | Safer Roads : According to a study by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (the “NHTSA”) from December 2023, there were 7,388 pedestrians and 966 cyclists killed in motor vehicle crashes in 2021 in the United States. This represents an average of over 20 pedestrian fatalities and 2.5 cyclist fatalities per day and a 13% increase in pedestrian deaths and a 3% increase in cyclist deaths from 2020. The deaths accounted for 19% of all traffic fatalities in the United States in 2021. In addition to the fatalities, the NHTSA estimated there were also 60,577 pedestrians and 41,615 cyclists injured in motor vehicle crashes in the United States in 2021. These injuries can be serious and life-changing, and they can also have a significant financial impact on the victims and their families. There are many factors that contribute to pedestrian and bicyclist fatalities and injuries, including: speeding, distracted driving, drunk driving and aggressive driving. Delivery robots weigh significantly
less and move at lower speeds than cars; as a result, on average, a single car carries over a thousand times more kinetic energy than
a single robot. We anticipate that replacing cars with delivery robots could result in safer cities for pedestrians and cyclists. ● | Friendlier Cities : Based on a University of Michigan report from 2010, it is estimated that as much as one half of city land area in the United States is dedicated to streets, parking lots, driveways and other car-related uses. With mass adoption of automated last-mile delivery vehicles, such as robots and drones, more spaces in cities can be reclaimed from vehicles and used to create social and green spaces. Serve Technology Our robotic technology has been developed based
on the following key principles: ● | Humans and Machines : We believe that the most effective way to quickly unleash the benefits of AI and autonomy in our lives is by designing solutions that leverage both human and machine intelligence in ways that collaborate and complement each other. Creating fully autonomous machines that are safe and reliable without any human intervention requires substantially more time and capital investment than creating machines that are mostly automated but can rely on occasional human support, especially when it comes to high consequence safety-critical decisions. ● | Labor-Optimized: We believe the cost of advanced sensors and hardware will continue to decrease over the coming years, and optimizing against such costs can be premature and an investment with diminishing long-term returns. Instead, we have continued to innovate by designing highly capable hardware and software solutions for robotic last-mile delivery that optimize against the largest cost of delivery: labor. ● | Robots Among People : We believe that building world-class hardware, software, AI and autonomy for robots to share spaces with people is how we are positioned to build market value and create a lasting legacy. ● | Robotic Platform : Our mission is to build a superior robotic platform that can accelerate the adoption of robotic solutions beyond last-mile delivery. The following are key highlights of our approach
to technology development: Artificial Intelligence —
AI empowers Serve robots to navigate city sidewalks and interact with their environment safely and efficiently. We use the latest AI
methodologies to design, train and deploy a host of models on Serve robots. 61 Currently,
 our AI models are used to perform a variety of tasks, including identification of sidewalk
 surfaces, intersections, traffic signals, obstacles, pedestrians and vehicles and projecting
 the trajectory of other dynamic agents. For
 the last six years of development, we have continued to create AI models with new capabilities
 while improving the performance of existing models. We expect to continue developing increasingly
 more capable AI models to improve robots’ performance and differentiate Serve from
 alternative products and solutions. As the broader field of Artificial Intelligence advances,
 we expect to benefit from such advances by increasing efficiency and effectiveness of our
 robots. Level 4 Autonomy — In
January 2022, we announced the deployment of a new generation of delivery robots capable of operating at Level 4 autonomy. Level 4 autonomous robots can drive without
humans in the loop for periods of time while they are operating in their intended operating environments (also known as “ODDs”).
Specifically, Serve robots are capable of driving autonomously on certain sidewalks without a remote human supervisor having to oversee
their movement. This capability makes it possible to operate our robots at lower cost than remotely operated robots used by our competitors,
because it enables a single remote operator to simultaneously perform multiple deliveries. Currently,
 we estimate that Serve robots can autonomously navigate over 80% of their operating environment
 with the help of a number of different AI models that detect people, objects and terrains
 and predict future state of dynamic actors. Serve robots’ autonomous capabilities enable
 one remote supervisor to safely monitor up to four moving robots. Through frequent software updates, Serve’s
AI models are continuously improved. We believe that over the coming years, we can steadily increase our robots’ autonomous capabilities
using new and improved AI models and more training data including new edge cases encountered every day by our operating fleet. Safety — Achieving Level 4
autonomy required Serve robots to maintain safety even when operating without supervision. As such, we have designed robust onboard safety
systems that rely heavily on Serve’s advanced sensors and AI capabilities. This significantly reduces the possibility of collisions
even when the robots are being supervised. In fact, we believe robots that rely heavily
on humans for safety are not sufficiently safe, because without automated onboard safety features, humans are prone to error. Also, data
networks used for remote supervision frequently fail, slow down or get interrupted. Therefore, over-reliance on error-prone humans and
failure-prone data networks makes human-in-the-loop safety inadequate. 62 In contrast, current Serve robots are equipped
with an extensive array of onboard technologies that ensure safe and reliable operation without over-reliance on humans. Serve robots
utilize multiple layers of redundant systems for critical navigation functions, including multiple sensor modalities—active sensors
such as LIDAR and ultrasonics, as well as passive sensors such as cameras—to navigate safely on busy city sidewalks. Our robots
have a wide range of capabilities, such as: ● | Automatic emergency braking : If a remote supervisor mistakenly puts a robot at risk of collision, the robot will automatically override the remote supervisor and come to a stop. ● | Vehicle collision avoidance : While Serve robots and their remote supervisors are trained to ensure legal and safe crossing of intersections and driveways, drivers of vehicles can still cause vehicle-to-robot collisions. Similar driver errors cause thousands of fatalities and injuries to pedestrians and cyclists every year. As such, Serve robots are equipped with AI features that assess the risk of collision with nearby vehicles and minimize such risks by taking necessary actions such as stopping prior to a collision. ● | Fail-safe mechanical braking : We believe another unique and innovative capability of Serve robots is their fail-safe emergency braking. No matter how reliable and well tested, batteries, electronics and computer systems occasionally fail. During any such failures, Serve robots automatically come to a full stop through a mechanically designed fail-safe braking system. Some robots used by competitors solely rely on electronic braking, which can become ineffective during power or computer failures. Robot Design — As a division
of Postmates during Serve’s inception, we had access to millions of historical delivery records. This enabled us to design robots
from the ground up based on proprietary insights about last-mile delivery. Current Serve robots consist of a number of key
systems: ● | Drivetrain : Serve’s innovative four-wheel drive system is custom-made for navigating city sidewalks. It includes Ackerman steering similar to road vehicles, emergency fail-safe braking and a bogie suspension mechanism. Our unique design is a result of years of iteration and field testing. Rather than a fixed wheelbase, our
robots use a bogie that connects the pair of wheels on each side of the robot together via a differential. Relative to the main chassis,
each pair of wheels can rotate in opposite directions to maintain full traction on all four wheels regardless of road surface irregularities.
As a result, Serve robots can reliably navigate challenging city sidewalks that include tree wells, fallen branches, tree roots and other
unexpected obstacles. Our
 bogie design was inspired by the suspension arrangement first developed by NASA in 1988 for
 the Mars rover Sojourner. Since then, NASA has used similar designs in Mars rovers Spirit,
 Opportunity , Curiosity and, most recently Perseverance. ● | Power System : Serve’s custom designed power distribution system and redundant batteries enable it to operate reliably from morning to night without requiring charging or battery swaps. Robots charge within a few hours upon returning to their home station at night. 63 ● | Connectivity : Serve robots include redundant LTE modems and antennas that ensure they can consistently connect to cloud services used to dispatch and route their movements, as well as be monitored by remote supervisors. ● | Sensing & Compute : Serve robots are equipped with an array of cameras, ultrasonic sensors, a pair of stereo cameras, an infrared-based depth sensor, GPS sensors, IMUs and a 360-degrees LIDAR sensor. Additionally, the robots use multiple CPU and GPU chips to process sensor information, run AI models, perform actions, interact with pedestrians and connect to the internet. ● | Secured Cargo : Serve’s cargo bin is designed for maximum capacity, ease of use, customizability, and operational efficiency. The bin fits two large shopping bags or four large pizzas. During operation the bin remains locked and is only accessible to designated restaurant staff and delivery customers, who can use their delivery app or the PIN pad on the robot’s touchscreen to unlock the cargo. Once the user completes loading or unloading, the cargo lid shuts down and locks automatically, without requiring additional human assistance. Lastly, the cargo space is designed to remain sufficiently clean and operational even if there is liquid spillage. Upon returning to the base, the interior of the bin can be removed for cleaning and sanitization. ● | Display and Lights : In order to create a user-friendly experience for merchants and customers that requires no training or onboarding, as well as to create a friendly and positive experience for pedestrians and other sidewalk users, Serve’s design includes a touchscreen display for indicating robot status and providing instructions. The design also includes a number of functional lights, including a light ring around the bin, brake lights, front headlights and a pair of circular eyes for expressing intentions and anthropomorphizing the robots. Stage of Development — Though
still early in their development maturity cycle, Serve robots are the result of over six years of engineering and development. Every
day, we continue to work on improving our robots’ capabilities, including making them faster, safer, smarter and more affordable. The following table provides a list of Serve
robots’ current specifications: Speed | 7 mph (max)
Range | 23 miles, 10 hours
Weather | Light rain, 32-104°F
Autonomy | >80% Autonomy Capability
Cargo | 13 gallons (approx. two large shopping bags or four large pizzas) Serve robots are designed to operate in the common
environmental conditions in each operating market. Currently we limit Serve’s operation to warm and dry climates, and do not operate
robots under rare or extreme conditions such as strong storms or unusually high or low temperatures. With
 additional financing required for further development, we expect each new generation of robots
 to continually expand their operating envelope (e.g., introducing the ability to manage ice
 and snow), which we believe in turn could expand our market reach. Our roadmap includes a
 new generation of robots launching in 2024 (assuming availability of sufficient capital)
 that includes faster drivetrain, increased battery life, increased range of temperature and
 rain tolerance and more. The efforts towards the new robot generation began earlier this
 year and will require continued financing to complete. Development
 Process — Our development efforts began in 2017 with extensive market research.
 Using proprietary historical Postmates delivery data, we ran thousands of simulation scenarios
 to define desirable robot specifications, best deployment and operation models, as well as
 go-to-market strategies to achieve the most efficient, low-cost and scalable last-mile robotic
 delivery. The resulting specifications led to the development of prototype robots that were
 quickly deployed in San Francisco and Los Angeles to learn from real-life operations while
 serving customers and merchants. 64 Today,
 every subsequent robot generation and incremental software improvement starts with prototyping,
 followed by iterative rounds of testing and developments. Prior to deployment, we perform
 extensive quality assurance testing using an expanding array of predefined validation tests,
 online simulations and in-house testing facilities. The validation tests include safety verifications
 to ensure any new software or hardware is capable of matching or exceeding pre-defined safety
 standards. When safety verifications fail, additional cycles of development and testing are
 required. Once robots pass pre-deployment testing, a small-scale
deployment test is initiated with a representative set of robots. Upon collecting sufficient amounts of performance metrics, the final
go/no-go decision is made on whether any new software or hardware will be deployed across the entire fleet. The design and development process is also informed
by regulatory requirements in certain geographies, such as a number of states and municipalities, that have implemented permitting frameworks
for robotic delivery. The requirements include limits to robot weight, speed, operating conditions, availability of lights and identifying
labels, etc. Lastly, there are also hardware design requirements around electromagnetic radiations and battery safety that are considered
during the design and development process. For each new generation of hardware that introduces
changes to relevant components, we build an initial set of evaluation units and use them to obtain necessary certifications. Currently,
the only applicable certification requirement for the operation of sidewalk robots in the United States is UN 38.3. We have identified
additional certifications that may become required for the operation of sidewalk robots in the United States in the future and have accounted
for these certifications in the design and test of our devices. Manufacturing — Our robots
are designed by Serve’s high caliber team of mechanical, electrical, and system engineers to not only meet product requirements
but also supply availability of components and manufacturing and assembly for scalability. Most
 components are widely available in supply and/or fabricated from raw materials using common
 manufacturing processes including machining, molding, stamping and additive manufacturing
 from multiple sources. However, certain highly complex components are obtained from single
 or limited sources that we may have to compete for with other participants in the robotics,
 consumer electronics and automotive markets. Therefore, these components can be at times
 subject to industry-wide shortages, resulting in long lead times and significant pricing
 fluctuations. Under these circumstances and to maintain production schedules, it may be necessary
 to temporarily source alternate higher-priced compatible components. Key suppliers of single
 and limited source components include NVIDIA and Ouster, Inc., in addition to vendors providing
 cameras, ultrasonic sensors, electronic motors and modems. To mitigate such supply risks,
 we routinely search for more available alternatives and/or enter into strategic partnerships
 and agreements to secure pricing and supply of components. Finally, manufacturing and assembly of robots
take place by a third-party contract manufacturer after component supply has been secured. We have proven, first-hand experience designing
and assembling multiple generations of Serve robots and we believe our designs are highly manufacturable for contract manufacturers to
outsource. Therefore, we are not dependent on any particular outsourcing partner and we are, instead, able to vet top tier contract manufacturers
for their DFM (Design for Manufacturing) capabilities and leverage their existing scale to assemble robots in the most cost-effective
and timely manner. This typically starts with SMT (Surface Mount Technology) pick and place machines to assemble PCBAs (Printed Circuit
Board Assemblies) in batches followed by FATP (Final Assembly Test & Pack) on all the remaining components by subassemblies into
fully completed robots before being shipped out and deployed into our markets. The most recent batch of Serve robots was assembled
by a tier 1 contract manufacturer in California within a few months and came in at our highest yield and throughput, all at a manufacturing
cost that makes up a small fraction of our total robot cost. This speaks to our ability to design and execute with all our component
suppliers and contract manufacturers and we expect to improve even further as we scale with higher volumes. We plan to use contract manufacturing partners
to build future robots. Our goal is to secure adequate funding and resources to begin scaling our fleet starting with a fleet of 2,000
robots deployed for Uber before the end of 2025. We currently do not expect to be able to build and deploy robots in 2024 based on our
existing capital. 65 We are party to a Lease Agreement with Farnam
Street Financial, Inc. (“Farnam”) dated as of June 6, 2022 (the “Farnam Lease”), pursuant to which we lease
the hardware of our robots. The Farnam Lease had an initial term of 24 months, which was modified in December 2023 to provide for
a term of 15 months beginning on January 1, 2024. Pursuant to the Farnam Lease we have a purchase option allowing us to purchase the
equipment subject to the Farnam Lease on the last day of the extended lease term (i) in whole for 45% of the original equipment cost,
plus applicable taxes, subject to certain conditions or (ii) in part for 20% of the original equipment cost, plus applicable taxes, subject
to a renewal of the Farnam Lease for an additional 12 months. The Farnam Lease also includes a right of first refusal requiring us to
notify Farnam of any bona fide offer from a third party to lease robots to us (a “Third-Party Offer”) which we intend to
accept. Prior to accepting such an offer, we must make an offer to Farnam on the same terms and conditions as the Third-Party Offer.
This right of first refusal expires concurrently with the Farnam Lease. Robots That Win Hearts and Minds New technologies often face initial resistance
and skepticism before becoming widely accepted. We believe delivery robots are no exception. As such, we have invested significant time
and effort in creating robots that would be welcomed by society. Our years of commercial operations to date suggest we are on track to
accomplish our mission. In order to make robots acceptable by the public,
we set out our design efforts with a number of key objectives: ● | Be familiar: Our robot design is inspired by familiar sidewalk objects such as baby strollers and shopping carts. Unfamiliar form factors can elicit strong resistance, whereas familiar-looking robots with blinking eyes and personalized names seem to already belong. ● | Be fresh: First impressions are lasting impressions. Thanks to decades of negative and dystopian portrayal of robots in science fiction, introducing robots to the public requires a strong first impression that would encourage a readjustment in existing preconceptions. One way to achieve this is by creating a robot design that is pleasantly surprising and unexpected, so that it would bring into question whatever fearful or dystopian views one might hold prior to meeting a Serve robot in person. ● | Be deferential: We believe robots are here to serve people, and therefore during everyday interactions on city sidewalks, robots must make every effort to stay respectful and compliant of people they share space with. For example, when their motion trajectory conflicts with a person, robots should always yield and prioritize people. ● | Be considerate: Sidewalks are a shared space where people from every walk of life, language and physical ability come together. Robots must be designed with all users of public spaces in mind. For example, while waiting to cross an intersection, our robots are trained to avoid blocking curb ramps needed by wheelchairs. Serve’s talented design team has applied
the above principles as they studied human-robot interactions on sidewalks, and they have created a robot design that stands in a class
of its own. Business Strategy After
 six years of research and development investment in AI, autonomy, safety and efficiency of
 our robots, we are in a leading position to partner with the world’s largest food delivery
 platforms, restaurants, retailers, and convenience brands to augment their last-mile human
 delivery capabilities. Our business strategy relies on providing partners with a complete
 end-to-end delivery solution and charging a fee per delivery—or per hour depending
 on the type of partnership. Additionally, robots can perform other value-add
tasks while in operation and capture additional revenues. For example, in 2022 while roughly 50% of our revenue was generated by delivery
fees on the Uber Eats platform, the other 50% was generated through branding. Brands have used OOH branding on transit vehicles since
the age of streetcars in the 1800s. Similar to billboards and buses today, brands are placing ads on Serve robots’ exteriors. 66 We anticipate additional revenue opportunities
from delivery robots in the future. For example, the ability to license our technology to partners who wish to create their own robots
for other applications, including our anticipated agreement with Magna. Additionally, robots can provide a new, more granular and timely
data source to mapping providers. They can also enable cities to identify infrastructure problems. As robots become more common, we expect
to identify new ways for robots to create value while operating. New revenues from robot branding and other services
supplement delivery revenues, and as a result position delivery robots with better economics compared with existing delivery solutions. Partnerships We
 operate delivery robots for delivery platforms or partnered merchants as either a part of
 a shared fleet or dedicated, exclusive fleet. For our robots to perform deliveries, they
 would need to have some level of integration with our partners’ platforms in order
 to receive an order, determine its suitability for robotic delivery, accept or reject that
 order and provide status updates and notifications to the merchants and recipients throughout
 the course of the delivery. All of our currently active commercial robotic
delivery engagements are based on the shared fleet model, whereby a partner sends us their request for robotic delivery and only pays
us for those requests we choose to accept and complete. In the current shared fleet model, we have legal custody of the robots and maintain
and operate them at all times, receiving payment for performing deliveries and placement of advertising on our robots while incurring
all costs and risks relating to the robots and their operation. We may explore other partnership paradigms in the future, such as providing
an exclusive fleet to a partner who would maintain and house the robots and pay us a monthly fee for operations and rental of the robots. In 2021, we signed a commercial agreement with
Uber. Pilot deliveries began in early 2022, which successfully led to the execution of an additional agreement in June 2022 to enable
the commercial expansion of our service with up to 2,000 robots across multiple markets. Currently, this is our only large-scale
commercial contract. Uber launched its first-of-a-kind autonomy application
programming interface in August 2022, with Serve as one of its first integrated partners. Since last year, we have completed thousands
of deliveries for Uber Eats customers in Los Angeles and continue to expand our operations. Uber is also a strategic investor in Serve
and has participated in multiple financing rounds, and as a result it owns a minority stake in our company. In
 addition to Uber and 7-Eleven, Serve has performed pilots for Walmart at its headquarters
 in Bentonville, Arkansas, for a major pizza quick service restaurant in Vancouver, Canada
 and for a major coffee shop chain in Los Angeles, California. All three pilots were
 successful in achieving their respective targeted performance criteria and the next phase
 of our engagement with those parties is subject to further negotiations. Serve is also in discussions with Delivery Hero,
also a strategic investor, to identify suitable markets outside North America to launch their first deployment. Lastly,
 Serve is in various stages of discussions with a number of other restaurant brands, restaurant
 integrator platforms, delivery platforms and logistics companies. Traction With a fleet of over 100 robots as of December
31, 2023, we provide robotic delivery to more than 300 restaurants on the Uber Eats platform in a number of neighborhoods in Los
Angeles. To date, we have completed over 50,000 deliveries to Uber Eats customers and our delivery volume has grown over 25% month-over-month
since early 2022. Serve robots’ delivery reliability is one
of its most notable strengths. Our proprietary historical delivery data suggest that on average, human couriers fail to complete five
or more orders per every 1,000 deliveries (i.e., 99.5% reliability). In contrast, Serve robots have achieved a delivery
reliability as high as 99.94%, or 0.5 delivery failures per every 1,000 deliveries. Improved delivery quality enhances both customers’
and restaurants’ experiences and reduces the added cost of refunds caused by courier error. 67 By rapidly growing our delivery volume and proving
that our robots are more reliable than human couriers, we have successfully concluded the pilot phase of our partnership with Uber and
signed an agreement to deploy up to 2,000 robots across the United States. Our goal is to deploy those robots in 2025, conditioned
on securing required capital. We currently do not expect to be able to build and deploy robots in 2024 based on our existing capital. Growth Strategy We plan to continue growing our delivery operations
and establish Serve as the de facto global leader in automated last-mile delivery. Our growth will be facilitated by continued investment
in our hardware, software and AI developments that increase the performance and efficiency of our fleet. Over the next 24 months, we plan to grow our
operation fleet by 10 times and operate in at least two markets. To do this, we must first secure additional capital. Our existing partnerships
enable us to access sufficient demand for our projected growth over that period and beyond. Assuming our expected utilization of robots
by delivery platform partners, we believe that with a full deployment of 2,000 robots based on our existing contracts with Uber, we will
be able to generate $60 million to $80 million in annual revenue and achieve contribution margins of over 50% while reaching positive
cash flow by the end of 2025. Additionally, we plan to continue partnership
discussions with a number of food and grocery brands, as well as other delivery and restaurant ordering platforms. Currently, we do not have plans to expand operations
beyond the United States and Canada, but we do engage in partnership discussions from time to time to evaluate the potential to
expand into different geographies. Strategic Investments and Relationships In
 addition to revenue partnerships, we have developed strategic relations and collaborate with
 market leaders in robotics and delivery. Such collaborations have allowed us to improve our
 product, accelerate our growth, explore new market opportunities and access additional capital. NVIDIA Corporation — A leading
provider of high-performance GPU computing chips, NVIDIA is an early technology collaborator of Serve. We have worked with NVIDIA’s
robotics and engineering teams for over five years. Since 2022, NVIDIA has invested over $12 million in Serve. Delivery Hero SE — A German
multinational online food ordering platform with significant presence in Europe and Asia, Delivery Hero is also an early investor of
Serve. Uber
 Technologies, Inc. — As discussed earlier, Uber holds a minority stake in Serve
 by contributing Serve’s initial IP and assets developed by the Postmates X division,
 as well as by participating in multiple financing rounds. Uber is a key commercial partner
 and has enabled us to reach hundreds of restaurants and thousands of customers within weeks
 of launching on their platform. 7-Eleven
 Inc. and 7-Ventures, LLC — A global convenience retailer with over 13,000 locations
 in the US and Canada as of January 2023, 7-Eleven is another early strategic investor in
 Serve. Our partnership discussions began in 2020 when Serve was a part of Postmates. 7-Eleven
 is our first foray into the convenience market, as well as our first direct integration with
 a retail chain. 7-Ventures, LLC, is an investment firm which operates as the venture capital
 arm of 7-Eleven ® . The firm invests primarily in companies with emerging retail
 technology, consumer-focused services and disruptive CPG products that complement 7-Eleven’s
 legacy of innovation. In addition to the existing partnerships, we
are in discussions with other potential strategic partners that would enable us to grow faster and reach more customers. 68 Economics of Robotic Delivery The
 unit cost of robotic delivery can be divided into two major components: labor costs related
 to fleet management personnel (remote supervision, field operations, and hardware operations)
 and costs related to the robots (licensed software, mobile data fees and robot lease payments).
 In our shared fleet model, both labor and robot costs are incurred by us. The two most important drivers of delivery cost
efficiency are autonomy and robot utilization. Increased autonomy reduces the cost of labor by increasing the number of deliveries per
remote supervisor and field operator. Similarly, increasing robot utilization (i.e., number of deliveries per robot per day) leads to
lower per delivery cost as fixed costs would be divided over more deliveries, and labor would be more efficiently leveraged. Additional cost drivers include hardware amortization
period, upfront capital costs, and hourly wages for field and remote operations. It is worth noting the importance of the amortization
period in hardware design choices. Designing a more durable robot, as well as using reusable components, will help reduce the cost of
delivery. For example, LIDAR sensors and GPU computers have a higher initial cost of capital, and as such some have decided against using
them; however, they are long-lasting components that can be amortized over a number of years, and most importantly, they increase autonomy
performance and reduce the more significant labor costs. Besides increasing autonomy performance and robot
utilization, achieving operational profitability requires scaling the fleet. Scaled operations allow labor to be more efficiently utilized,
while building robots at a higher volume also reduces the unit cost of hardware. Competition There
 are existing direct competitors in the sidewalk robotic space including Kiwibot, Starship
 Technologies, Coco and Cartken. Kiwibot and Starship primarily focus on college campuses.
 College campus environments are smaller markets compared to our target market of urban environments.
 According to the Education Data Initiative, nearly 18 million students were enrolled
 in American colleges in 2022, compared to over 274 million people who live in urban
 environments according to University of Michigan’s Center for Sustainable Systems. Similar
 to Serve, Coco focuses on urban delivery but does not have a direct marketplace integration
 with a major third-party delivery platform, which we believe significantly constrains their
 ability to scale. Integrating with an existing delivery marketplace such as Uber Eats allows
 Serve to reach customers and merchants in new markets quickly and cost-efficiently without
 the need to sign every merchant and acquire every customer. Direct marketplace integration
 also increases robot utilization, and as a result, can reduce cost per delivery by increasing
 the pool of deliveries available to robots and ensuring they are more likely to receive delivery
 assignments well suited for robots. Direct marketplace integration also benefits marketplaces
 by reducing their cost per delivery. Finally,
 we believe Coco lacks advanced autonomy, requiring a human remote operator to drive each
 robot at all times, diminishing cost-effectiveness, scalability and safety. Cartken is a
 newer entrant to the space with limited operations. Positioned for Success We believe that our world-class team, superior
technology and market-leading partnerships position us well to be a leader in the robotic delivery race. Our approach to product development and go-to-market
strategy has been informed by the proprietary historical delivery data we had the privilege to access as a division of Postmates. We
developed sophisticated simulation tools to anticipate the dynamics of robotic delivery, and design our hardware, software and operations
accordingly. 69 As a result of our access to proprietary data,
we have created the following: ● | Unique Robot: We have designed what we believe is a unique robot, purpose-built for last-mile urban delivery, with a uniquely suitable drivetrain, battery life, cargo design and more. ● | Best-in-Class Autonomy: Having understood the importance of autonomy for profitable unit economics from early simulations, we invested considerably in suitable sensors, computing stack and AI models to achieve Level 4 autonomous capability. ● | Fastest, Most Scalable Go-to-Market: We believe we have led competition in our go-to-market approach in urban environments, with the largest number of restaurant partners and highest density of partners per geographic region. ● | Highest Robot Utilization: We believe we have achieved higher robot utilization than other robotic delivery providers, as a result of our robot design, partnership strategy and integrations. ● | Efficient Unit Economics: We believe that autonomy and robot utilization results in cheaper delivery economics. ● | Safest: Our robots are equipped with sophisticated sensors, with what we believe is more redundancy in sensing than competition, and robust safety features such as mechanical fail-safe braking. In
 addition to having best-in-class autonomy, strong strategic partnerships and significant
 deployment contracts, we have also assembled a high integrity, talented team, with a wealth
 of experience and a history of execution in creating innovative products and businesses. Our Values Serve is a mission-driven company based on a
set of values that drive who we are and what we do: Empower People — We serve
our neighborhoods and support local businesses. We go beyond self-interest, taking our community into account. We empower each other
with trust and autonomy to solve big problems to build a sustainable future. Passionate, Authentic and Kind — We are mission driven. We value each other. We celebrate milestones and moments, both at Serve and in our personal lives. Trustworthy — We operate
with integrity. We do what we say we will do. We are honest, transparent and respectful. Safety Is Not Negotiable — We
set the standard for safety. Our goal is to eliminate risks to safety. Our commitment goes beyond the sidewalk—we protect our customers’
data, our employees and the public. Take Ownership, Give Credit — It’s
not mine, it’s not yours, it’s ours. We solve big audacious problems working together as a distributed, cross-functional
team. We take pride in the quality of our work and no task is beneath us. Put the Marshmallow on Top — We
are humbled by unknowns, not defeated. We see opportunity in ambiguity. We don’t need turn-by-turn directions, but plan our own
routes and even scout for others. We embrace experimentation in the face of uncertainty. Find
 Truth on the Sidewalk — We experiment rapidly and discover eagerly in the real
 world. We move fast, gather data and learn by delivering. Deliver Delight — Both to
our customers or to each other! We exceed customer expectations. We bring joy to our work and to our neighborhoods. 70 Environmental Impact Based on our internal data, we estimate that
over 95% of deliveries completed by Serve robots over the last year would otherwise be performed by personal vehicles. At scale, we estimate
that delivery robots can displace oil demand by replacing personal vehicle deliveries and as a result, reduce global GHG emissions by
nearly 762 megatons annually. This represents an approximately 2% reduction in the 37.15 billion metric tons of global emissions
based on 2022 emissions data provided by the Global Carbon Project in December 2023. According to the International Energy Agency,
3.53 billion metric tons of CO2 were emitted by passenger vehicles globally in 2022, causing around 10% of global energy-related CO2 emissions.
A study published in Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment (Volume 85, August 2020, 102443) suggests
that delivery robots reduce energy usage per kilometer by over 97.5% compared to a traditional gas-engine passenger vehicle (as compared
to 80% energy use reduction by passenger electric vehicles), and delivery robots produce 96% less emissions compared to gas-engine vehicles.
Assuming the accuracy of a 2017 estimate by the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics that 45% of car trips in the United States were
taken for shopping and errands and our proprietary delivery data that indicates up to half of all shopping trips can be completed by
delivery robots, an estimated 794 megatons of CO2 emissions from passenger vehicles globally may be attributed to shopping trips that
we believe delivery robots may be suited to perform. As a result, we believe that with a 96% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to gas-engine
vehicles, the scaled use of robotic delivery could reduce as much as 762 megatons of CO2 emissions by global passenger cars annually. Government Regulations In
 the United States, delivery robots are allowed to operate on sidewalks by default. As
 of December 31, 2023, over twenty states and a number of cities have put in place legal frameworks
 to explicitly permit the use of delivery robots. The instances of cities welcoming delivery
 robots far exceed the few examples in which their operations were banned. This positive regulatory
 momentum for delivery robots may be due to a number of factors: ● | Robots Inherently Safer: Based on internal estimates, cars carry over 1,000 times more kinetic energy than our robots. As a result of having much lower kinetic energy, our robots do not pose the same risk for injury or fatality that cars do. Meanwhile, cars have historically injured or killed thousands of pedestrians and cyclists each year. Removing unnecessary car trips can make cities safer for pedestrians and cyclists. ● | Robots Reduce Emissions: Many cities have established targets for reducing carbon emissions, and robots can help advance their environmental initiatives. ● | Robots Reduce Congestion: Deliveries often originate in high traffic regions where restaurants and shops tend to be located. As a result, removing delivery car traffic can reduce congestion and parking issues in cities. ● | Robots Reduce Delivery Cost for Local Merchants: Recently, a number of cities have implemented restrictions on how much delivery platforms can charge restaurants for their services. Robots can offer a cheaper alternative to help local restaurants and merchants reduce their delivery costs. We are currently operational in West Hollywood,
CA and Los Angeles, CA and hold requisite permits with both cities. Other states and municipalities across the United States
may have legal requirements for PDD deployment, but they are not applicable to our operations at this time. West Hollywood’s PDD permitting program
is administered via a Call for Application and subsequent procurement process. Serve Robotics submitted an application and received an
operating permit as of September 2022. The permit limits operation to twenty (20) or fewer robots and requires monthly submission
of a report outlining incidents, geographic data, and areas for infrastructure improvement within the city. Under
 Municipal Code Section 71.30, the Los Angeles Department of Transportation is empowered
 to enact a PDD pilot program. These rules include size and weight requirements, speed limits,
 3-1-1 integration, braille identifying markers on the devices, integration with the Mobility
 Data Specification for location reporting and regular communication of incidents that may
 take place. California currently has no statewide requirements
governing the operation of PDDs. Under California Health and Safety Code Sections 113982 and 113930.5, restaurants that deliver
meals by means of third-party delivery services are required to use tamper evident packaging. Additionally, the Los Angeles County Department
of Public Health provides guidance on food delivery and pickup by third-party delivery service drivers. However, there are currently
no requirements specifically addressing automated and robotic delivery vehicles such as PDDs. 71 As we expand our operations, we will continue
to engage with local municipalities and regulators, to collaboratively introduce our innovative technology to new communities. Currently, hardware certification requirements
for sidewalk robots in the United States include the UN 38.3, which Serve robots are in compliance with. We have identified
additional certifications that may become required for the operation of sidewalk robots in the United States in the future and have accounted
for these certifications in the design and test of our devices. Intellectual Property Our success and ability to compete are significantly
dependent on our core technology and intellectual property. As of December 31, 2023, we have applied for 18 patents in various jurisdictions:
China (1 patent), the United States (11 patents), Canada (6 patents), and through the Patent Cooperation Treaty. As of December 31, 2023, we have been granted
nine of the 18 patents for which we have applied—four in the United States, four in Canada and one in China. Our granted
patents will expire between May 2029 and June 2039, assuming that all maintenance fees are paid, no portion of the patent has
been terminally disclaimed and the patent has not been invalidated. In certain jurisdictions, and in certain circumstances, patent terms
can be extended or shortened. We seek to protect our intellectual property
and proprietary rights, including our proprietary technology and software, by relying on a combination of federal, state and common law
rights in the United States and other countries, as well as on contractual measures. However, these laws, agreements and procedures provide
only limited protection. Legal protections afford only limited protection for our technology. Although we currently primarily operate
within the United States, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as domestic
laws, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. We encourage our employees to continue to invent
and develop new technologies so as to maintain our competitiveness in the marketplace. We generally enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure
agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary
information. We also enter into invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, which give us the rights to their
inventions during the term of the agreements. Despite our best efforts, our means of protecting
our proprietary rights may be inadequate. It is possible that our current patents, or patents we later acquire, may be successfully challenged
or invalidated in whole or in part. It is also possible that we may not obtain issued patents for our pending patent applications or
other inventions we seek to protect. In that regard, we sometimes permit certain intellectual property to lapse or go abandoned under
appropriate circumstances and due to uncertainties inherent in prosecuting patent applications, sometimes patent applications are rejected
and we subsequently abandon them. It is also possible that any patent issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages,
or that the patents of others will harm or altogether preclude our ability to do business. Moreover, unauthorized parties and our competitors
may either attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary, or independently develop
technology that is similar to ours thereby rendering our protected products less valuable, if the design is favorably received in the
marketplace. Employees and Human Capital Resources Our employees are our greatest assets. We value
and support hiring exceptional talent to develop our core technology and drive our business growth. We strive to meet these objectives
by offering competitive pay and benefits in a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace. In addition, we provide opportunities for our employees
to grow and develop their careers. As of December 31, 2023, we have 59 employees
in the United States and 10 employees in Canada through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary. By primary job function, about 70%
of our employees have engineering or product roles, 25% are in operations and 6% have business development or other administrative roles.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be good. 72 Competitive Pay and Benefits We provide compensation and benefits packages
that we believe are competitive within our industry. We use a combination of cash and equity compensation and other benefits to attract,
motivate and retain our employees, including stock option awards, retirement programs, flexible or paid time off based on department
and health and wellness benefits. In addition, we benchmark our compensation and benefits packages periodically to remain competitive
with our peers and attract and retain talent throughout our organization. Employee Recruitment, Retention, and Development We believe our corporate culture, competitive
compensation and benefits programs, and career growth and development opportunities promote longer employee tenure and reduce turnover.
We have enjoyed high employee retention since becoming an independent company in 2021 and monitor employee turnover rates as our success
depends upon retaining and investing in our highly skilled technical staff. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We value the uniqueness that an inclusive and
diverse team brings to our company. Therefore, we are focused on creating an environment that leverages the perspectives and contributions
of each employee. Safety, Health, and Wellness We prioritize safe working conditions. We are
committed to an injury-free workplace and provide comprehensive workplace training and support to reduce or eliminate health and safety
risks. Facilities Our current headquarters are located in Redwood
City, California, where we lease 4,200 square feet of office and industrial space pursuant to a lease that expires in 2025. We have
an option to extend that lease by a four-year term. Our headquarters contain research and development, operations and selling, general
and administrative functions as well as test tracks for our robots. We also lease two other offices in Los Angeles, our current delivery
area. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable
for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. We are currently not aware of any pending legal
proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are
contemplated by any governmental authority. Available Information We
are a public company, and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K
and any amendments to such reports are filed with the SEC. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file
or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC
will be available free of charge on our website at http://www.serverobotics.com when such reports are available on the SEC’s
website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers file
electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . We can be contacted at investor.relations@serverobotics.com. The contents of the websites referred to above
are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references
only. 73 MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table provides information regarding
our executive officers and directors as of April 5, 2024: Name | Age | Positions
Executive Officers
Ali Kashani | 39 | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Touraj Parang | 51 | President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
April Pannell | 41 | Chief Financial Officer
Euan Abraham | 47 | Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering
Non-Employee Directors
James Buckly Jordan (2)(3) | 44 | Director
Sarfraz Maredia | 40 | Director
Ali Pourdad (1)(2) | 42 | Director
Olivier Vincent (2)(3) | 59 | Director (1) | Member of the nominating and governance committee. (2) | Member of the audit committee. (3) | Member of the compensation committee. Mr. Brian Read, age 34, will become our Chief
Financial Officer effective on or around April 29, 2024. Executive Officers Ali Kashani co-founded Serve Robotics
Inc. in January 2021 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Serve since then. Prior
to co-founding Serve, he served as Vice President of Postmates Inc., an on-demand food delivery platform, from July 2017 to January 2021.
Prior to Postmates, Dr. Kashani was the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer at Neurio Technology, Inc., a smart home technology company
acquired by Generac Power Systems, Inc. (NYSE: GNRC) in 2019. Dr. Kashani is an inventor with 15 granted or pending patents. Dr. Kashani
received both his Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering and his Doctorate in Robotics from the University of British Columbia and
was awarded Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada’s Alexander Graham Bell Canada Graduate Scholarship. Dr. Kashani
has served on our board of directors since the Company’s formation, and we believe he is qualified to remain on our board of directors
due to the institutional knowledge he brings as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and his business and robotics experience. Touraj Parang has served as Serve’s
Chief Operating Officer and as a member of the board of directors since March 2021, and was appointed President of Serve in July 2022.
Prior to joining Serve, Mr. Parang worked at GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY) from May 2014 to March 2021, where he began as
Senior Director of Corporate Development and most recently served as Vice President of Corporate Development. Prior to that, Mr. Parang
was the founding Chief Operating Officer of UpCounsel Technologies, Inc. (acquired by Enduring Ventures, Inc. in 2020), Vice President
of Strategy and Corporate Development at Webs, Inc. (acquired by Vistaprint N.V. in 2011), and co-founder and Chief Operating Office
of Jaxtr, Inc. (acquired by Sabse Technologies Inc. in 2009). Mr. Parang received his Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and Economics
from Stanford University and his Juris Doctorate from Yale Law School. We believe that Mr. Parang is qualified to serve on the Serve’s
Board due to his extensive experience with early-stage startups and prior leadership role at a publicly traded company. Euan Abraham has served as Serve’s
Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering since January 2022. Prior to joining Serve, Mr. Abraham served as Senior Vice
President, Hardware Engineering at Latch, Inc. (Nasdaq: LTCH) from October 2018 to September 2021. Prior to that, he served
as Vice President, Hardware Engineering at GoPro, Inc. (Nasdaq: GPRO) from October 2015 to October 2018. Mr. Abraham received
his Bachelor of Engineering at the University of Sheffield. April Pannell has served as Serve’s
Chief Financial Officer since May 2023. Ms. Pannell has also served as Chief Executive Officer of AKW Financial since January 2019.
She served as Chief Financial Officer and Global Controller of Fluitec, a company that provides green treatment solutions for hydraulic
fluids, from August 2011 to December 2018. Ms. Pannell holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from American International
College. Brian Read is expected to become
Serve’s Chief Executive Officer effective on or around April 29, 2024. Prior to Serve, Mr. Read served as a Controller for Apptronik
Inc. from April 2023 to April 2024, as a Global Controller at REE Automotive Ltd. (Nasdaq: REE) from February 2021 to March 2023 and
as an Assistant Global Controller at Coherent Corp. (NYSE: COHR) from January 2019 to January 2021. Mr. Read was also an associate and
senior associate at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from July 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Read holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
(Accounting) from Duquesne University and is a Certified Public Accountant (Pennsylvania). 74 Non-Employee Directors James Buckly Jordan has served
as a member of Serve’s Board since October 2021. Mr. Jordan founded Vebu Labs, a food robotics and automation solutions
company, in October 2018 and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since then. He is also the co-founder of Miso Robotics, a
food robotics company, which he co-founded in 2016 and for which he currently serves as the acting President and Chairman of the board
of directors. Mr. Jordan also founded Canyon Creek Capital, a venture capital fund, in July 2018 and has served as its Managing
Partner since then. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Indiana University and his Master of Business Administration
from the University of California, Los Angeles Anderson School of Management. We believe Mr. Jordan is qualified to serve on
our board of directors due to his early-stage investment experience in technology companies. Sarfraz Maredia has served as a
member of our Board since July 2023. Since September 2014, Mr. Maredia has been employed at Uber, most recently as Vice President
for Delivery and Head of Americas, where he leads Uber Eats’ marketplace business across the United States, Canada, and Latin America
as well as overseeing Postmates. Prior to his service at Uber, Mr. Maredia joined IQVIA (formerly IMS Health), a global information and
technology services company focused on healthcare, in September 2011, where he was promoted to and served as Vice President of Corporate
Development until September 2014. He previously advised technology clients as a management consultant at Bain & Company and worked
as a private equity and public markets investor at TPG and Dodge & Cox, respectively. Mr. Maredia received his Bachelor’s degree
in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin. We believe that Mr. Maredia’s unique position leading one of the world’s
largest on-demand delivery platforms, and his experience in leadership, operations, finance, and technology qualify him to serve on our
board of directors. Ali Pourdad has served as a member
of our Board since July 2023. Since March 2021, Mr. Pourdad has served as Chief Executive Officer of Quantfury Trading Limited,
a global financial technology broker-dealer headquartered in the Bahamas (“Quantfury”). Prior to being named Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Pourdad was an advisor to Quantfury from September 2019 to March 2021. From January 2013 to September 2019,
Mr. Pourdad served as Chief Executive Officer of Progressa, a consumer financial technology company. Mr. Pourdad is a Canadian
Chartered Professional Accountant and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Finance from Simon Fraser University. We believe that Mr. Pourdad
is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his prior board experience and significant public company audit experience, including
for NYSE and TSX listed companies. Olivier Vincent has served as a
member of our Board since July 2023. Mr. Vincent co-founded and has served as Chief Executive Officer of Autozen Technology Ltd.,
a marketplace start-up in the automobile world since March 2020. Prior to joining Autozen, Mr. Vincent served as Chief Executive
Officer of Spliqs, an AI technology company from January 2019 until March 2020. From December 2016 until January 2019,
Mr. Vincent served as President of WeatherBug, a weather application. Mr. Vincent has served on the board of directors of Wishpond
Technologies Ltd., a Canadian public company traded on the TSX (OTCMKTS: WPNDF), since December 2020. Mr. Vincent holds a Masters
of Engineering in Computer Science from Ecole Nationale Superieure de Techniques Avancées (ENSTA) Paris and a Masters of Business,
Entrepreneurship from Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) Paris. We believe that Mr. Vincent is qualified to serve on our board of directors
due to his experience growing and managing technology companies. Corporate Governance Appointment of Officers Our executive officers are appointed by, and
serve at the discretion of, our board of directors provided, however, that the board of directors may empower the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company to appoint any officer other than the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Board Composition Our board of directors currently consists of
six members: James Buckly Jordan, Ali Kashani, Sarfraz Maredia, Touraj Parang, Ali Pourdad and Olivier Vincent. 75 Each
of our current directors will continue to serve until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death,
resignation, disqualification or removal. Classified Board of Directors Our board of directors consists of six members,
divided into three classes of directors, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, with staggered three-year terms.
At each annual meeting of stockholders, a class of directors will be elected for a three-year term to succeed the same class whose term
is then expiring. As a result, only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other
classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Our current directors are divided among the three classes
as follows: ● | the Class I directors are Sarfraz Maredia and Ali Pourdad, and their terms will expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders; ● | the Class II directors are James Buckly Jordan and Olivier Vincent, and their terms will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders; and ● | the Class III directors are Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang, and their terms will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Each director’s term continues until the
election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and amended and restated bylaws authorize, subject to the special rights of the
holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, only our board of directors to fill vacancies on the board of directors.
Any increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each
class will consist of one-third of the directors. This classification of our board of directors may have the effect of delaying or preventing
changes in control of our Company. Director Independence We evaluate independence by the standards for
director independence set forth in Nasdaq’s listing requirements. The Nasdaq independence definition includes a series of objective
tests, including that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director
nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. Under such rules, our board of directors
has determined that all members of the board of directors except Ali Kashani and Touraj Parang are independent directors. In making such
independence determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other
facts and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership
of our capital stock by each non-employee director. Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of directors within a specified period of listing. In addition, rules require
that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company’s audit, compensation, and nominating, governance and corporate
responsibility committees be independent. Under such rules, a director will only qualify as an “independent director” if,
in the opinion of that company’s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Audit committee members must also satisfy the
independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3,
a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the
board of directors, or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory
fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 76 Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his
or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review, our board of
directors determined that Messrs. Jordan, Maredia, Pourdad and Vincent are “independent directors” as defined under the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making these determinations, our board of directors
reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal activities
and current and prior relationships as they may relate to us and our management, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock
by each non-employee director and the transactions involving them described in the section titled “ Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions .” Family Relationships There are no family relationships by between
or among the members of our board of directors or other executive officers of the Company. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee, each of which, pursuant to its respective charter, have the composition
and responsibilities described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our
board of directors. Audit Committee Our audit committee is composed of Messrs. Jordan,
Pourdad and Vincent. Mr. Pourdad is the chair of our audit committee. Each member of our audit committee is financially literate.
Our board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq director
independence standards and applicable rules of the SEC for audit committee members. Our board of directors has also determined that Mr. Pourdad
qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” under the rules of the SEC. The primary purpose of our audit committee is
to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors with respect to our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes,
systems of internal control and financial statement audits and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm. The principal
functions of our audit committee include, among other things: ● | helping the board of directors oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes; ● | managing the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence and performance of a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; ● | reviewing and discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; ● | obtaining and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually that describes our internal quality control procedures, any material issues with such procedures and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law; ● | establishing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; ● | overseeing our policies on risk assessment and risk management; ● | overseeing compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics; ● | reviewing related person transactions; and ● | approving or, as required, pre-approving audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 77 Compensation Committee Our compensation committee is composed of Messrs.
Jordan and Vincent. Mr. Vincent is the chair of our compensation committee. The primary purpose of our compensation committee is
to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors in overseeing our compensation policies, plans and programs and to review
and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate. The principal
functions of our compensation committee include, among other things: ● | reviewing, approving and determining, or making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, the compensation of our chief executive officer, other executive officers and senior management; ● | reviewing, evaluating and recommending to the board of directors succession plans for our executive officers; ● | reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the compensation paid to our non-employee directors; ● | administering our equity incentive plans and other benefit programs; ● | reviewing, adopting, amending and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management; and ● | reviewing and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees, including our overall compensation philosophy. Each member of our compensation committee is
a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our board of directors has also determined that each member
of our compensation committee is also an independent director within the meanings of Nasdaq’s director independence standards and
applicable SEC rules. Nominating and Governance Committee Our nominating and governance committee is composed
of Ali Pourdad who also serves as the chair of our nominating and governance committee. Our nominating and governance committee’s
principal functions include, among other things: ● | identifying and evaluating candidates, including the nomination of incumbent directors for reelection and nominees recommended by stockholders, to serve on the board of directors; ● | considering and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding the composition and chairmanship of the committees of the board of directors; ● | instituting plans or programs for the continuing education of the board of directors and the orientation of new directors; ● | developing and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters; ● | overseeing our corporate governance practices; ● | overseeing periodic evaluations of the board of directors’ performance, including committees of the board of directors; and ● | contributing to succession planning. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, and persons performing similar functions. Upon the closing of this offering, our code
of business conduct and ethics will be available under the Corporate Governance section of our website at https://www.serverobotics.com .
In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the listing standards of Nasdaq concerning
any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. We have included our website address in this prospectus solely as an inactive
textual reference. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at
or available through our website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this prospectus. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation None of the members of the compensation committee
is currently, or has been at any time, one of our officers or employees. In addition, none of our executive officers has served as a
member of the board of directors, or as a member of the compensation or similar committee, of any entity that has one or more executive
officers who served on our board of directors. 78 EXECUTIVE
AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Executive Compensation Throughout this section, unless otherwise
noted, “we,” “us,” “our,” “Company” and similar terms refer to Serve prior to the closing
of the Merger, and to the Company and its subsidiaries after the closing of the Merger. This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for the Company’s named executive officers who appear in the “2023 Summary Compensation
Table” below. In 2023, the “named executive officers” and their positions with the Company were as follows: ● | Ali Kashani: Chief Executive Officer ● | Touraj Parang: President & Chief Operating Officer ● | Euan Abraham: Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering This discussion may contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation
programs that we adopt may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. 2023 Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation of the named executive officers for the Company’s most recent fiscal year. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) (1) | Option Awards ($) (1) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Ali Kashani | 2023 | 105,738 | — | — | 36,984 | — | — | 142,722
Chief Executive Officer | 2022 | 192,992 | — | — | — | — | — | 192,992
Touraj Parang | 2023 | 238,500 | — | — | 11,655 | — | — | 250,155
President & Chief Operating Officer | 2022 | 260,583 | — | — | — | — | — | 260,583
Euan Abraham | 2023 | 270,000 | — | — | 10,393 | — | — | 279,890
Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering | 2022 | 295,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 295,000 (1) | Stock awards and option awards are reported at aggregate grant date fair value in the year granted, as determined in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718. For the assumptions used in valuing these awards for purposes of computing this expense, please see Note 10 of the Company’s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. Salaries In fiscal year 2023, Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang,
and Mr. Abraham received an annual base salary of $105,738, $238,500, and $270,000, respectively, to compensate them for services rendered
to Serve. In fiscal year 2022, Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang, and Mr. Abraham received an annual base salary of $192,991, $260,583,
and $295,000, respectively, to compensate them for services rendered to Serve. The base salary payable to each of Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang
and Mr. Abraham was intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive’s skill set, experience,
role and responsibilities. 79 Equity Awards On April 27, 2021, Dr. Kashani purchased
1,499,866 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1,866.67 (the “Kashani Time-Based Award”).
On May 6, 2021, Mr. Parang purchased 535,163 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $828.92 (the
“Parang Time-Based Award”). On December 23, 2021, Mr. Abraham was granted an option to purchase 200,875 shares
of Serve common stock (the “Abraham Time-Based Award” and together with the Kashani Time-Based Award and the Parang Time-Based
Award, the “Time-Based Awards”). The Kashani Time-Based Award, the Parang Time-Based Award, and the Abraham Time-Based Award
are each scheduled to vest as to 25% of the shares on February 18, 2022, March 22, 2022, and November 1, 2022, respectively,
and as to 1/48 th of the shares monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment
through each vesting date. On April 27, 2021, Dr. Kashani purchased
749,933 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $933.34 (the “Kashani Milestone-Based Award”).
On May 6, 2021, Mr. Parang purchased 267,581 shares of Serve common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $414.46 (the
“Parang Milestone-Based Award”). On December 23, 2021, Mr. Abraham was granted an option to purchase 100,437 shares
of Serve common stock (the “Abraham Milestone-Based Award” and together with the Kashani Milestone-Based Award and the Parang
Milestone-Based Award, the “Milestone-Based Awards”). The Milestone-Based Awards are each scheduled
to vest as to 1/48 th of the shares monthly over the 48 month-period following the achievement of a milestone prior to September
30, 2022. Between October and November 2022, our board of directors retroactively amended the vesting schedule to permit the 48-month
vesting period to run from June 15, 2022, regardless of milestone achievement. On June 6, 2023, Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang and
Mr. Abraham were each granted an option to purchase 45,182, 11,403, and 12,909 shares of Serve common stock, which fully vested on the
one-month anniversary of the closing of the Merger, subject to the executive’s continued employment through the vesting date. In
addition, on June 6, 2023, Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang and Mr. Abraham were each granted an option to purchase 19,373, 8,451, and 4,795 shares
of Serve common stock, respectively, which are scheduled to vest as to 1/48 th of the option shares on July 1, 2023 and monthly
thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. Serve 2021 Stock Plan General. Serve’s board of directors
originally adopted, and Serve’s stockholders approved, the 2021 Plan in 2021. The 2021 Plan provided for the grant of incentive
stock options to Serve employees (and employees of any parent or subsidiary of Serve) and for the grant of non-statutory stock options,
restricted stock and restricted stock purchase rights to Serve employees, directors and consultants (and employees and consultants of
any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of Serve). The Serve board of directors terminated the 2021 Plan, effective as of and contingent
upon the closing of the Merger. Following termination of the 2021 Plan, no new awards will be granted under such plan, but previously
granted awards will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the stock award agreements pursuant to which
such awards were granted. Plan Administration. The Serve board of
directors has administered the 2021 Plan. Types of Awards. The 2021 Plan provides
for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock purchase rights. Stock
 Options. The Serve board of directors granted stock options under the 2021 Plan. The
 exercise price per share applicable to such options was equal to at least the fair market
 value per share of Serve common stock on the date of grant. The term of options granted under
 the 2021 Plan did not exceed 10 years; provided, however, that any incentive stock option
 granted to a participant who owned more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all
 classes of Serve stock, or of certain of Serve’s subsidiary corporations, did not have
 a term in excess of five years and had an exercise price per share of at least 110% of the
 fair market value per share of Serve common stock on the grant date. Subject to the provisions
 of the 2021 Plan, the Serve board of directors determined the remaining terms of the options
 (e.g., vesting). After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
 the participant may exercise his or her option, to the extent vested, for the period of time
 stated in his or her option agreement. Generally, if termination is due to death or disability,
 the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases except for a termination
 for cause, the option will generally remain exercisable for three months following the termination
 of service. In the event of a termination for cause, the option will immediately terminate.
 However, in no event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term. 80 Restricted Stock. The Serve board of directors
granted stock options under the 2021 Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the Serve board of directors determined the terms
of the restricted stock, including the number of shares that the participant will be entitled to purchase, the price to be paid, if any,
the time within which such participant must accept the offer to purchase the restricted stock and the other terms applicable to the award.
Unless the Serve board of directors determines otherwise, the restricted stock purchase agreement evidencing the award grants Serve a
repurchase option exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the participant’s service for any reason at a purchase
price equal the original purchase price paid by the participant. The Serve board of directors determines the rate at which the repurchase
option lapses. Once the restricted stock is purchased by the participant, the participant will have the rights equivalent to those of
a holder of Serve capital stock, and shall be a record holder when his or her purchase and the issuance of the shares is entered upon
the records of the duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. Non-transferability of Awards. Unless
the Serve board of directors provided otherwise, the 2021 Plan generally did not allow for the transfer of awards or shares acquired
pursuant to an award and only the recipient of an option may exercise such an award during his or her lifetime. Certain Adjustments. In the event of certain
corporate events or changes in Serve’s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits
available under the 2021 Plan, the Serve board of directors will make adjustments to the number of shares reserved for issuance under
the 2021 Plan, the exercise prices of and number of shares subject to each outstanding stock option and the purchase prices of and number
of shares subject to each other outstanding stock award. Corporate Transaction. The 2021 Plan provides
that in the event of certain significant corporate transactions, including: (i) a transfer of all or substantially all of Serve’s
assets, (ii) a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization or business combination transaction of Serve with or into another
corporation, entity or person or (iii) the consummation of a transaction, or series of related transactions, in which any person
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of Serve’s then outstanding capital stock, each outstanding
award will be treated as the Serve board of directors determines. Amendment or Termination. Serve’s
board of directors may amend or terminate the 2021 Plan at any time, provided such action does not materially and adversely affect the
rights of any participant without his or her consent. In addition, stockholder approval must be obtained to the extent necessary and
desirable to comply with applicable laws. The Serve board of directors terminated the 2021 Plan, effective as of and contingent upon
the closing of the Merger. Following termination of the 2021 Plan, no new awards will be granted under such plan, but previously granted
awards will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan and the stock award agreements pursuant to which such
awards were granted. Benefits In 2022, the Company provided benefits to its
named executive officers on the same basis as provided to all of its employees, including medical, dental, vision, life and AD&D,
and short- and long-term disability insurance, flexible spending accounts, vacation and paid holidays. The named executive officers are
also eligible to participate in the Company’s 401(k) plan. 81 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table sets forth information regarding
each unexercised stock option or unvested stock award held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2023. Option Awards (1) | Stock Awards (2)
Name | Grant Date | Number of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable (#) | Number of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable (#) | Option exercise price ($) (3) | Option expiration date ($) | Number of shares that have not vested (#) | Market value of shares that have not vested ($) (4)
Ali Kashani | 4/27/2021 | — | — | — | — | 437,461 | (5) | $ | 1,749,844
4/27/2021 | — | — | — | — | 468,708 | (6) | $ | 1,874,832
6/7/2023 | (8) | 45,182 | — | $ | 0.95 | 6/6/2028 | — | —
6/7/2023 | (9) | 2,421 | 16,952 | $ | 0.95 | 6/6/2028 | — | —
Touraj Parang | 5/6/2021 | — | — | — | — | 167,238 | (7) | $ | 668,952
5/6/2021 | — | — | — | — | 167,238 | (6) | $ | 668,952
6/7/2023 | (8) | 11,403 | — | $ | 0.86 | 6/6/2033 | — | —
6/7/2023 | (9) | 1,055 | 7,396 | $ | 0.86 | 6/6/2033 | — | —
Euan Abraham | 12/23/2021 | (10) | 104,622 | 96,253 | $ | 0.49 | 12/22/2031 | — | —
12/23/2021 | (11) | 37,664 | 62,773 | $ | 0.49 | 12/22/2031 | — | —
6/7/2023 | (8) | 12,909 | — | $ | 0.86 | 6/6/2033 | — | —
6/7/2023 | (9) | 599 | 4,196 | $ | 0.86 | 6/6/2033 | — | — (1) | All stock options listed above cover shares of our common stock following the closing of the Merger and were granted under the 2021 Plan. (2) | All restricted shares listed above cover shares of our common stock following the closing of the Merger. The restricted shares held by Mr. Parang were issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan, while the restricted shares held by Dr. Kashani were issued outside of the 2021 Plan. (3) | This column represents the fair market value of a share of Serve common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Serve board of directors. (4) | This column represents the number of unvested restricted shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, multiplied by $4.00, which is the per share value of Serve common stock as of December 31, 2023, based upon the purchase price per share of common stock in the Private Placement in July through October 2023. (5) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the shares vesting on February 18, 2022 and 1/48 th of the shares vesting monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. (6) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule running from the date our board of directors retroactively determined that vesting should run regardless of Milestone achievement, with 1/48 th of the shares vesting on July 15, 2022 and monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. (7) | The restricted shares are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the shares vesting on March 22, 2022 and 1/48 th of the shares vesting monthly over the 36 month-period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. (8) | 100% of the option shares vested and became exercisable on the one-month anniversary of the closing of the Merger, subject to the executive’s continued employment through the vesting date. (9) | The options are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 1/48 th of the option shares vesting on July 1, 2023 and monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. (10) | The options are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule, with 25% of the option shares vesting on November 1, 2022 and 1/48 th of the option shares vesting monthly over the 36-month period thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. (11) | The options are subject to a 4-year vesting schedule running from the date our board of directors retroactively determined that vesting should run regardless of Milestone achievement, with 1/48 th of the option shares vesting on July 15, 2022 and monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued employment through each vesting date. 82 Executive Compensation Arrangements Brian Read Offer Letter On March 24, 2024, Serve entered into an offer letter
with Brian Read, who will become our Chief Financial Officer effective on the Read Effective Date. Pursuant to the terms of his offer
letter, Mr. Read is entitled to an annual base salary of $250,000 per year. In addition, Mr. Read is entitled to a one-time signing bonus
of $25,000, payable at the end of the first payroll period 90 days after the Read Effective Date, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings
and which shall be repaid in full upon the voluntary termination of employment within one year of the Read Effective Date. Mr. Read is also eligible to participate in
our employee benefits plans as generally made available to similarly situated employees. Mr. Read’s employment is “at-will”
and may be terminated by either party at any time, with or without cause or notice. Subject to Board approval, Mr. Read will be granted
a restricted stock award to purchase 240,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Read Time-Based Equity Award”).
The Read Time-Based Equity Award will vest over four years at the rate of 25% of the total number of the Read Time-Based Equity Award
shares on the one-year anniversary of Mr. Read’s start date and 1/48th of the total number of the Read Time-Based Equity Award
shares on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to his continuous service with us through each applicable vesting date. For additional
information regarding the Read Time-Based Award, please see the section below titled “ Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control — Time-Based Awards and Milestone-Based Awards .” Touraj Parang Offer Letter On March 1, 2021, Serve entered into an
offer letter with the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer, Touraj Parang, pursuant to which Mr. Parang is entitled
to an annual base salary of $250,000 per year. Mr. Parang is eligible to participate in
the Company employee benefits plans maintained by the Company and generally made available to similarly situated employees. Mr. Parang’s
employment is “at-will” and may be terminated by either party at any time. Subject to the approval of our board of directors,
Mr. Parang will be granted the Parang Time-Based Equity Award which consists of restricted stock award to purchase 666,040 shares of
the Company’s common stock. The Parang Time-Based Equity Award will vest over four years at the rate of 25% of the total number
of the Parang Time-Based Equity Award shares on the one-year anniversary of Mr. Parang’s start date and 1/48th of the total number
of the Parang Time-Based Equity Award shares on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to his continuous service with the Company
through each vesting date. In addition, subject to the approval of our board of directors, Mr. Parang will be granted the Parang Milestone-Based
Equity Award which consists of restricted stock award to purchase 333,020 shares of the Company’s common stock. Once the milestone
is achieved, the Parang Milestone-Based Equity Award will vest over four years thereafter at the rate of 1/48th of the total number of
Parang Milestone-Based Equity Award shares on each monthly anniversary of the Parang Milestone Achievement Date, subject to his continuous
service with the Company through each vesting date. For additional information regarding the Parang Time-Based Award and Parang Milestone-Based
Award, please see the section below titled “ Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Time-Based Awards
and Milestone-Based Awards .” Mr. Parang will continue to be employed by the
Company under the terms of his offer letter with the Company. For additional information regarding a termination
payment letter entered into with Mr. Parang in fiscal year 2021, please see the section below titled “ Potential Payments
Upon Termination or Change in Control — Parang Termination Payment Letter ” in this registration statement on Form S-1. Euan Abraham Offer Letter On October 7, 2021, Serve entered into an
offer letter whereby Euan Abraham agreed to serve as the Company’s Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering beginning January 1,
2022 pursuant to which Mr. Abraham is entitled to an annual base salary of $300,000 per year. In November 2022, Mr. Abraham’s
annual base salary was adjusted to $240,000 per year. Mr. Abraham is eligible to participate in
the Company employee benefits plans maintained by the Company and generally made available to similarly situated employees. Mr. Abraham’s
employment is “at-will” and may be terminated by either party at any time. Mr. Abraham will continue to be employed
by the Company under the terms of his offer letter with the Company. 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination
or Change in Control Time-Based Awards and Milestone-Based
Awards The
 Time-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang and Mr. Read and the Milestone-Based
 Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang will fully vest upon a termination
 of service by the Company without “cause” or upon the executive’s resignation
 for “good reason” (each, an “involuntary termination”). The acceleration
 of the Kashani Time-Based Award and the Kashani Milestone-Based Award is subject to Dr. Kashani’s
 return of all Company property in his possession within 10 business days following the
 date of involuntary termination and his execution of a general release of all claims that
 becomes effective no later than the 30 th day after the date of involuntary
 termination. In the event the applicable executive’s service
with the Company terminates for any reason, any unvested shares subject to the Time-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang and
Mr. Read and the Milestone-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang may be repurchased by the Company within three months
following the date of termination at the original purchase price paid for the shares. In addition, in the event the applicable executive’s
service with the Company terminates for any reason on or prior to February 18, 2025, any vested shares subject to the Milestone-Based
Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang may be repurchased by the Company within three months following the date of termination
at the lesser of (x) a purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock equal to $500 million divided by the then
fully diluted capitalization of the Company or (y) the then current fair market value per share of the Company’s common stock
(the “Award Call Option”). For purposes of the Time-Based Awards granted to
Dr. Kashani, Mr. Parang and Mr. Read and the Milestone-Based Awards granted to Dr. Kashani and Mr. Parang, “cause”
means: (i) any material breach by the executive of any material written agreement between the executive and the Company and the
executive’s failure to cure such breach within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof; (ii) any failure by the
executive to comply with the Company’s material written policies or rules as they may be in effect from time to time; (iii) neglect
or persistent unsatisfactory performance of the executive’s duties and the executive’s failure to cure such condition within
30 days after receiving written notice thereof; (iv) the executive’s repeated failure to follow reasonable and lawful
instructions from the Company’s board of directors and the executive’s failure to cure such condition within 30 days
after receiving written notice thereof; (v) the executive’s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any crime
that results in, or is reasonably expected to result in, material harm to the business or reputation of the Company; (vi) the executive’s
commission of or participation in an act of fraud against the Company; (vii) the executive’s intentional material damage to
the Company’s business, property or reputation or (viii) the executive’s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary
information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom the executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result
of the executive’s relationship with the Company. For purposes of the Kashani Time-Based Award and
the Kashani Milestone-Based Award, “good reason” means Dr. Kashani’s resignation due to the occurrence of any of the
following conditions which occurs without his written consent, provided that the requirements regarding advance notice and an opportunity
to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) his then-current base salary is reduced by more than 10% (other than as part of an across-the-board
salary reduction applicable to all similarly situated employees); (ii) a material reduction of his duties, authority, responsibilities
or reporting relationship, relative to his duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship as in effect immediately prior
to such reduction or (iii) Serve (or its successor) conditions his continued service on the executive being transferred to a site
of employment that would increase his one-way commute by more than 50 miles from his then-principal residence. 84 For purposes of the Parang Time-Based Award and
the Parang Milestone-Based Award, “good reason” means Mr. Parang’s resignation due to the occurrence of any of the
following conditions which occurs without his written consent, provided that the requirements regarding advance notice and an opportunity
to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) a reduction of his then current base salary by 10% or more unless such reduction is part
of a generalized salary reduction affecting similarly situated employees; (ii) a change in his position with Serve that materially
reduces the executive’s duties, level of authority or responsibility or (iii) conditioning his continued service with us on
his being transferred to a site of employment that would increase his one-way commute by more than 35 miles from his then-principal residence. For purposes of the Read Time-Based Award, “good
reason” means Mr. Read’s resignation due to the occurrence of any of the following conditions which occurs without his written
consent, provided that the requirements regarding advance notice and an opportunity to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) a
material reduction of his duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship, relative to his duties, authority, responsibilities
or reporting relationship as in effect immediately prior to such reduction, provided that neither (1) reporting to any chief executive
officer of the Company or (2) a change in title alone in connection with a “change in control” (as defined in Mr. Read’s
offer letter) constitute a material diminution of his authority, duties or responsibilities; (ii) we (or our successor) condition his
continued service with us on his being transferred to a site of employment that would increase his one-way commute by more than 50 miles
from his then-principal residence; (iii) a reduction of his then-current base salary by 20% or more unless such reduction is part
of a generalized salary reduction affecting all other senior executives by the same amount as part of a general compensation level reduction
or (iv) our material breach of any of our obligations under Mr. Read’s offer letter. Advance Notice and Cure In order for Dr. Kashani or Mr. Read to resign for
“good reason”, they must provide written notice to us of the existence of the good reason condition within 30 days of
the initial existence of such condition. Upon receipt of such notice, we will have 30 days during which we may remedy the good reason
condition and not be required to provide for the benefits described in the applicable offer letter as a result of such proposed resignation.
If the good reason condition is not remedied within such 30-day period, the executive may resign based on the good reason condition specified
in the notice effective no later than 30 days, in the case of Mr. Read, and 60 days, in the case of Dr. Kashani, following the expiration
of our 30-day cure period. Parang Termination Payment Letter On June 23, 2021, Serve entered into a termination
payment letter agreement with Mr. Parang (the “Termination Payment Letter”), which provides that if (i) the Company
terminates Mr. Parang’s service with the Company without cause on or prior to February 18, 2025 and (ii) the Company
exercises its Award Call Option with respect to all or a portion of the Parang Milestone-Based Award, then the Company will pay Mr. Parang
a termination payment equal to the product of (i) the shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Award Call Option, multiplied
by (ii) the excess, if any, of (x) the purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock equal to $500 million
divided by the Company’s then fully diluted capitalization as of the date of termination over (y) the per share fair market
value of the Company’s common stock as of the date of termination. The termination payment will be paid in a lump sum on the first
regularly scheduled payroll date after the 30 th day following the date of termination. The termination payment is subject
to Mr. Parang’s return of all Company property in his possession within 10 business days following the date of involuntary
termination and his execution of a general release of all claims that becomes effective no later than the 30 th day after
the date of termination. Kashani Termination Payment Letter On September 27, 2021, Serve entered into
a termination payment letter agreement with Dr. Kashani (the “Termination Payment Letter”), which provides that if (i) the
Company terminates Dr. Kashani’s service with the Company without cause on or prior to February 18, 2025 and (ii) the
Company exercises its Award Call Option with respect to all or a portion of the Kashani Milestone-Based Award, then the Company will
pay Dr. Kashani a termination payment equal to the product of (i) the shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the Award
Call Option, multiplied by (ii) the excess, if any, of (x) the purchase price per share of the Company’s common stock
equal to $500 million divided by the Company’s then fully diluted capitalization as of the date of termination over (y) the
per share fair market value of the Company’s common stock as of the date of termination. The termination payment will be paid in
a lump sum on the first regularly scheduled payroll date after the 30 th day following the date of termination. The termination
payment is subject to Dr. Kashani’s return of all Company property in his possession within 10 business days following
the date of involuntary termination and his execution of a general release of all claims that becomes effective no later than the 30 th day
after the date of termination. 85 Compensation Recovery Policy In accordance with the final rules adopted by
the SEC and Nasdaq implementing the incentive-based compensation recovery provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, our board of directors approved
the Serve Robotics Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy, effective as of October 2, 2023, which provides that in the event the Company
is required to restate any of its financial statements that have been filed with the SEC, then the Compensation Committee will seek to
recover any erroneously awarded performance-based incentive-based compensation (including any performance-based cash and equity awards
and salary increases earned wholly or in part based on the attainment of financial performance goals) received by any person who is or
was a Section 16 officer during the three-fiscal year recovery period. Description of the 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan Set forth below is a summary of the material
features of the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan is set forth in its entirety as an exhibit to this registration statement on Form S-1,
and all descriptions of the 2023 Plan contained in this section are qualified by reference to the complete text of the 2023 Plan. Purpose The 2023 Plan is intended to (i) attract
and retain the best available personnel to ensure our success and accomplish our goals, (ii) incentivize employees, directors and
independent contractors with long-term equity-based compensation to align their interests with our stockholders and (iii) promote the
success of our business. Types of Stock Awards The 2023 Plan permits the grant of incentive
stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, restricted stock units (“RSUs”)
and stock bonus awards (all such types of awards, collectively, “stock awards”). Share Reserve Number of Shares Subject to adjustments as set forth in the 2023 Plan,
the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2023 Plan will not exceed 1,594,800 shares.
The shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired common stock. Furthermore, subject to adjustments as set forth in the 2023 Plan,
in no event shall the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2023 Plan pursuant to Incentive Stock Options
exceed the number set forth above plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder,
any shares that again become available for issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. The
 number of shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan may, at the discretion of
 the Plan Administrator (as defined below), be increased on October 1 st of each
 fiscal year beginning with the 2023 fiscal year until the 2023 Plan terminates,
 in each case, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) at the discretion of our board
 of directors, 4% of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the last day of
 the immediately preceding month on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis and (ii) such other
 number of shares determined by our board of directors. Lapsed Awards To the extent, stock awards or awards or shares
issued under the 2021 Plan that are assumed by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement (“Existing Plan Awards”) expire
or are forfeited or becomes unexercisable for any reason without having been exercised in full, or are surrendered pursuant to an exchange
program (as defined in the 2023 Plan), the unissued shares that were subject thereto shall continue to be available under the 2023 Plan
for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. In addition, any shares which are retained by us upon exercise of a stock award or Existing
Plan Award in order to satisfy the exercise or purchase price for such stock award or Existing Plan Award or any withholding taxes due
with respect to such stock award or Existing Plan Award shall be treated as not issued and shall continue to be available under the 2023 Plan
for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. Shares issued under the 2023 Plan or an Existing Plan Award and later forfeited to
us due to the failure to vest or repurchased by us at the original purchase price paid to us for the shares (including without limitation
upon forfeiture to or repurchase by us in connection with a participant ceasing to be a service provider) shall again be available for
future grant under the 2023 Plan. To the extent a stock award under the 2023 Plan or Existing Plan Award is paid out in cash
rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan. 86 Assumption or Substitution of Awards The Plan Administrator (as defined below), from
time to time, may determine to substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition
of such other company or otherwise, by either: (a) assuming such award under the 2023 Plan or (b) granting a stock award
under the 2023 Plan in substitution of such other company’s award. Such assumption or substitution will be permissible if
the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted a stock award under the 2023 Plan if the other
company had applied the rules of the 2023 Plan to such grant. In the event the Plan Administrator elects to assume an award granted by
another company, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (“Section 409A”), the purchase price or
the exercise price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such stock award
will be adjusted appropriately. In the event the Plan Administrator elects to grant a new option in substitution rather than assuming
an existing option, such new option may be granted with a similarly adjusted exercise price. Any awards that are assumed or substituted
under the 2023 Plan shall not reduce the number of shares authorized for grant under the 2023 Plan or authorized for grant
to a participant in any fiscal year. Eligibility Employees, directors and independent contractors
or our affiliates are all eligible to participate in the 2023 Plan. However, Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to employees. Administration The 2023 Plan is administered by our board
of directors or a committee thereof, which committee will be constituted to satisfy applicable laws (the “Plan Administrator”).
To the extent desirable to qualify transactions under the 2023 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the transactions
contemplated un the 2023 Plan will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the terms of the 2023 Plan, the
Plan Administrator has the authority, in its discretion, to (i) determine the fair market value in accordance with the 2023 Plan;
(ii) select the service providers to whom stock awards may be granted under the 2023 Plan; (iii) determine the number
of shares to be covered by each stock award granted under the 2023 Plan; (iv) approve forms of stock award agreements for use under
the 2023 Plan; (v) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the 2023 Plan, of any stock award granted
thereunder; (vi) institute and determine the terms and conditions of an exchange program under the terms of the 2023 Plan (subject
to stockholder approval); (vii) construe and interpret the terms of the 2023 Plan and stock awards granted pursuant to the
2023 Plan; (viii) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the 2023 Plan, any stock award
or any award agreement; (ix) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 2023 Plan; (x) modify
or amend each stock award (subject to the terms of the 2023 Plan); (xi) adjust performance goals to take into account changes
in applicable laws or in accounting or tax rules, or such other extraordinary, unforeseeable, nonrecurring or infrequently occurring
events or circumstances as the Plan Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to avoid windfalls or hardships; (xii) allow participants
to satisfy tax withholding obligations in such manner as prescribed in the 2023 Plan; (xiii) authorize any person to execute
on our behalf any instrument required to effect the grant of a stock award previously granted by the Plan Administrator; (xiv) allow
a participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would otherwise be due to such participant under
a stock award and (xv) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the 2023 Plan. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all or any part of its authority
and powers under the 2023 Plan to one or more of our directors or officers. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Plan Administrator
may delegate to one or more officers who may be (but are not required to be) insiders subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act,
the authority to do any of the following (i) designate employees who are not insiders to be recipients of stock awards, (ii) determine
the number of shares to be subject to such stock awards granted to such designated employees and (iii) take any and all actions
on behalf of the Plan Administrator other than any actions that affect the amount or form of compensation of Insiders or have material
tax, accounting, financial, human resource or legal consequences to us or our affiliates; provided, however, that the Plan Administrator
resolutions regarding any delegation with respect to (i) and (ii) will specify the total number of shares that may be subject to the
stock awards granted by such officer and that such officer may not grant a stock award to himself or herself. Any stock awards will be
granted on the form of award agreement most recently approved for use by the Plan Administrator, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions
approving the delegation authority. The Plan Administrator will, in its sole discretion,
determine the performance goals, if any, applicable to any stock award (including any adjustment(s) thereto that will be applied in determining
the achievement of such performance goals) on or prior to the Determination Date (as defined in the 2023 Plan). The performance
goals may differ from participant to participant and from stock award to stock award. The Plan Administrator shall determine and approve
the extent to which such performance goals have been timely achieved and the extent to which the shares subject to such stock award have
thereby been earned. Please refer to the discussion below under “— Performance Goals ” for more information. Stock awards granted to participants who are
insiders subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more “non-employee directors” of our board
of directors (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). 87 Stock Options Each stock option will be designated in the stock
award agreement as either an incentive stock option (which is entitled to potentially favorable tax treatment) or a nonstatutory stock
option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate fair market value of the shares with respect to which
incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by the participant during any calendar year exceeds $0.10 million, such
stock options will be treated as nonstatutory stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. The
 term of each stock option will be stated in the stock award agreement. In the case of an
 incentive stock option, the term will be ten years from the date of grant or such shorter
 term as may be provided in the stock award agreement. Moreover, in the case of an incentive
 stock option granted to a participant who owns stock representing more than 10% of the total
 combined voting power of all classes of our stock or the stock of any subsidiary, the term
 of the incentive stock option will be five years from the date of grant or such shorter term
 as may be provided in the stock award agreement. The per share exercise price for the shares to
be issued pursuant to exercise of a stock option will be determined by the Plan Administrator, subject to the following: in the case
of an incentive stock option (i) granted to an employee who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted, owns stock representing
more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of our stock or the stock of any subsidiary, the per share exercise price will be no
less than 110% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant and (ii) granted to any other employee, the per share exercise
price will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. In the case of a nonstatutory stock option,
the per share exercise price will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
stock options may be granted with a per share exercise price of less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant
pursuant to a corporate reorganization, liquidation, etc., described in Section 424(a) of the Code. At the time a stock option is granted, the Plan
Administrator will fix the period within which the stock option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied
before the stock option may be exercised. A stock option may become exercisable upon completion of a specified period of service with
us or one of our affiliates and/or based on the achievement of performance goals during a performance period as set out in advance in
the participant’s award agreement. If a stock option is exercisable based on the satisfaction of performance goals, then the Plan
Administrator will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for such stock option; (y) select
the performance goals to be used to measure the performance and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions, if any, should
apply. Please refer to the discussion below under “ —Performance Goals ” for more information. The Plan Administrator
will also determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising a stock option, including the method of payment. If a participant ceases to be a service provider
other than for “Cause” (as defined in the 2023 Plan), the participant may exercise his or her stock option within such
period of time as is specified in the stock award agreement to the extent that the stock option is vested on the date of termination
(but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such stock option). In the absence of a specified time in the stock award agreement,
to the extent vested as of a participant’s termination, the stock option will remain exercisable for 12 months following a
termination for death or disability, and three months following a termination for any other reason. Any outstanding stock option (including
any vested portion thereof) held by a participant shall immediately terminate in its entirety upon the participant being first notified
of his or her termination for Cause. Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) The Plan Administrator will determine the terms
and conditions of each SAR, provided that the exercise price for each SAR will be no less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying
shares of common stock on the date of grant. An SAR may become exercisable upon completion of a specified period of service with us or
one of our affiliates and/or based on the achievement of performance goals during a performance period as set out in advance in the participant’s
award agreement. If an SAR is exercisable based on the satisfaction of performance goals, then the Plan Administrator will: (x) determine
the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for such SAR; (y) select the performance goals to be used to measure
the performance and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions, if any, should apply. Please refer to the discussion below
under “— Performance Goals ” for more information. Upon exercise of an SAR, a participant will receive payment
from us in an amount determined by multiplying the difference between the fair market value of a share on the date of exercise over the
exercise price by the number of shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. SARs may be paid in cash or shares of common stock,
as determined by the Plan Administrator. SARs are exercisable at the times and on the terms established by the Plan Administrator. 88 Restricted Stock and RSUs Restricted stock awards are grants of shares
of common stock that are subject to various restrictions, including restrictions on transferability and forfeiture provisions. Shares
of restricted stock will vest and the restrictions on such shares will lapse in accordance with terms and conditions established by the
Plan Administrator. Each RSU is a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock.
Restrictions may lapse upon the completion of a specified period of service with us or one of our affiliates and/or based on the achievement
of performance goals during a performance period as set out in advance in the participant’s award agreement. If the unvested shares
of restricted stock or RSUs are being earned upon the satisfaction of performance goals, then the Plan Administrator will: (x) determine
the nature, length and starting date of any performance period for each unvested share or RSU; (y) select the performance goals
to be used to measure the performance and (z) determine what additional vesting conditions, if any, should apply. In determining whether restricted stock or RSUs
should be granted, and/or the vesting schedule for such a stock award, the Plan Administrator may impose whatever conditions on vesting
as it determines to be appropriate. For example, the Plan Administrator may determine to grant restricted stock or RSUs only if performance
goals established by the Plan Administrator are satisfied. Any performance goals may be applied on a Company-wide or an individual business
unit basis, as determined by the Plan Administrator. Please refer to the discussion below under “— Performance Goals ”
for more information. During the period of restriction, participants
holding restricted stock may exercise full voting rights and will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid,
in each case with respect to such shares unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise. If any such dividends or distributions are
paid in shares, the shares will be subject to the same restrictions, including without limitation restrictions on transferability and
forfeitability, as the restricted stock with respect to which they were paid. During the period of restriction, such dividends or other
distributions shall be subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture as the shares of restricted stock with respect to which
the dividends accrue and shall not be paid or distributed unless and until such related shares have vested and been earned. During the vesting period, participants holding
RSUs will hold no voting rights by virtue of such RSUs. The Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, award dividend equivalents
in connection with the grant of RSUs that may be settled in cash, in shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. Stock Bonus Awards A stock bonus award is an award of shares to
an eligible person without a purchase price that is not subject to any restrictions. All stock bonus awards may but are not required
to be made pursuant to an award agreement. The Plan Administrator will determine the number of shares to be awarded to the participant
under a stock bonus award. Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole shares or a combination thereof, based on the fair market value
of the shares subject to the stock bonus award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. Performance Goals The Plan Administrator in its discretion may
make performance goals applicable to a participant with respect to a stock award. In the Plan Administrator’s discretion, one or
more of the following performance goals may apply: (1) sales or non-sales revenue; (2) return on revenues; (3) operating
income; (4) income or earnings including operating income; (5) income or earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation
and/or amortization; (6) income or earnings from continuing operations; (7) net income; (8) pre-tax income or after-tax
income; (9) net income excluding amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
and/or excluding charges attributable to the adoption of new accounting pronouncements; (10) raising of financing or fundraising;
(11) project financing; (12) revenue backlog; (13) gross margin; (14) operating margin or profit margin; (15) capital
expenditures, cost targets, reductions and savings and expense management; (16) return on assets, return on investment, return on
capital, or return on stockholder equity; (17) cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on investment, net cash provided by operations,
or cash flow in excess of cost of capital; (18) performance warranty and/or guarantee claims; (19) stock price or total stockholder
return; (20) earnings or book value per share; (21) economic value created; (22) pre-tax profit or after-tax profit; (23) strategic
business criteria; (24) objective goals relating to divestitures, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and similar transactions;
(25) objective goals relating to staff management, results from staff attitude and/or opinion surveys, staff satisfaction scores,
staff safety, staff accident and/or injury rates, compliance, headcount, performance management and/or completion of critical staff training
initiatives; (26) objective goals relating to projects and (27) enterprise resource planning. Stock awards issued to participants
may take into account other criteria (including subjective criteria). 89 Outside Director Limitations Stock awards granted during a single fiscal year
under the 2023 Plan or otherwise, taken together with any cash fees paid during such fiscal year for services on the board of directors,
shall not exceed $0.50 million in total value for any non-employee director (“Outside Director”) (calculating the value
of any such stock awards, in each case, based on the grant date fair value of such stock awards for financial reporting purposes). Such
applicable limit shall include the value of any stock awards that are received in lieu of all or a portion of any annual committee cash
retainers or other similar cash-based payments. Stock awards granted to an individual while he or she was serving in the capacity as
an employee or while he or she was an independent contractor but not an Outside Director will not count for purposes of these limitations. Leaves of Absence / Transfer Between Locations The Plan Administrator has the discretion to
determine at any time whether and to what extent the vesting of stock awards shall be suspended during any leave of absence; provided
that in the absence of such determination, vesting of stock awards will continue during any paid leave and will be suspended during any
unpaid leave (unless otherwise required by applicable laws). A participant will not cease to be an employee in the case of (i) any
leave of absence approved by the participant’s employer or (ii) transfers between our locations or between us and any subsidiary.
If an employee holds an incentive stock option and such leave exceeds three months then, for purposes of incentive stock option status
only, such employee’s service as an employee shall be deemed terminated on the first day following such 3-month period and the
incentive stock option shall thereafter automatically be treated for tax purposes as a nonstatutory stock option in accordance with applicable
laws, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise pursuant
to a written Company policy. Change in Time Commitment In the event a participant’s regular level
of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for us or one of our affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation,
if the participant is an employee and the employee has a change in status from full-time to part-time or takes an extended leave of absence)
after the date of grant of any stock award, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may (x) make a corresponding reduction
in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such stock award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the
date of such change in time commitment and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting schedule applicable
to such stock award (in accordance with Section 409A, as applicable). In the event of any such reduction, the participant will have
no right with respect to any portion of the stock award that is so amended. Nontransferability of Stock Awards Unless determined otherwise by the Plan Administrator,
a stock award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the
laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the participant, only by the participant. If the Plan Administrator
makes a stock award transferable, such stock award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Plan Administrator deems
appropriate; provided, however, that in no event may any stock award be transferred for consideration to a third-party financial institution. 90 Recoupment Policy The Plan Administrator may specify in an award
agreement that the participant’s rights, payments and/or benefits with respect to a stock award will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture and/or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any applicable vesting, performance or other
conditions and restrictions of a stock award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under the 2023 Plan, a stock award
granted under the 2023 Plan shall be subject to the Company’s clawback policy as may be established and/or amended from time
to time, including the Compensation Recovery Policy. The Plan Administrator may require a participant to forfeit or return to and/or
reimburse us for all or a portion of the stock award and/or shares issued under the stock award, any amounts paid under the stock award,
and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the shares issued under the stock award, pursuant to the terms of Company
policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws. For the avoidance of doubt, each participant will be subject to
compliance with applicable laws, the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Company’s corporate policies,
as applicable, including without limitation the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, (i) compliance with applicable law, the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Company’s corporate
policies, as applicable, will be a pre-condition to earning, or vesting in respect of, any award under the 2023 Plan and (ii) any
awards under the 2023 Plan which are subject to the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy will not be earned or vested, even if
already granted, paid or settled, until the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy ceases to apply to such awards and any other
vesting conditions applicable to such awards are satisfied. Adjustment In the event of a stock split, reverse stock
split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares, subdivision of the shares, a rights
offering, a reorganization, merger, spin-off, split-up, repurchase, or exchange of common stock or other securities of us or other significant
corporate transaction, or other change affecting common stock occurs, the Plan Administrator, in order to prevent dilution, diminution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the 2023 Plan, will, in such manner as
it may deem equitable, adjust the number, kind and class of securities that may be delivered under the 2023 Plan and/or the number,
class, kind and price of securities covered by each outstanding stock award; provided that all such adjustment will be made in a manner
that does not result in taxation under Section 409A. Corporate Transaction In
 the event of (i) a transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) a merger,
 consolidation or other capital reorganization or business combination transaction of us with
 or into another corporation, entity or person, (iii) the consummation of a transaction,
 or series of related transactions, in which any person becomes the beneficial owner directly
 or indirectly, of more than 50% of our then outstanding capital stock or (iv) a Change
 in Control (as defined in 2023 Plan), each outstanding stock award (vested or unvested)
 will be treated as the Plan Administrator determines, which determination may provide for
 one or more of the following: (a) the continuation of such outstanding stock awards
 (if we are the surviving corporation); (b) the assumption of such outstanding stock
 awards by the surviving corporation or its parent; (c) the substitution by the surviving
 corporation or its parent of new stock options or other equity awards for such stock awards;
 (d) the cancellation of such stock awards in exchange for a payment to the participants
 equal to the excess of (1) the fair market value of the shares subject to such stock
 awards as of the closing date of such corporate transaction over (2) the exercise price
 or purchase price paid or to be paid (if any) for the shares subject to the stock awards
 (which payment may be subject to the same conditions that apply to the consideration that
 will be paid to holders of shares in connection with the transaction, subject to applicable
 law); (d) the full or partial acceleration of exercisability or vesting and accelerated
 expiration of an outstanding stock award and lapse of our right to repurchase or re-acquire
 shares acquired under a stock award or lapse of forfeiture rights with respect to shares
 acquired under a stock award; (e) the opportunity for participants to exercise the stock
 options prior to the occurrence of the corporate transaction and the termination (for no
 consideration) upon the consummation of such corporate transaction of any stock options not
 exercised prior thereto or (f) the cancellation of outstanding stock awards in exchange
 for no consideration. Change in Control A stock award may be subject to additional acceleration
of vesting and exercisability upon or after a “Change in Control” (as defined in the 2023 Plan) as may be provided in
the award agreement for such stock award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between us or any affiliate and the participant,
but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 91 Amendment, Termination and Duration of
the 2023 Plan The 2023 Plan will continue in effect for
a term of 10 years measured from the date the 2023 Plan was approved by our board of directors, unless terminated earlier under
the terms of the 2023 Plan. The Plan Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the 2023 Plan. U.S. Federal Tax Aspects A participant who receives a stock option or
SAR will not have taxable income upon the grant of the stock option or SAR. For nonstatutory stock options and SARs, the participant
will recognize ordinary income upon exercise in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares over the exercise
price—the appreciation value—on the date of exercise. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of
the shares generally will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether the shares are held for more than one
year. The purchase of shares upon exercise of an incentive
stock option will not result in any taxable income to the participant, except for purposes of the alternative minimum tax. Gain or loss
recognized by the participant on a later sale or other disposition of the shares will be capital gain or loss and/or ordinary income
depending upon whether the participant holds the shares transferred upon exercise for a specified period. If the shares are held for
the specified period, any gain generally will be taxed at long-term capital-gain rates. If the shares are not held for the specified
period, generally any gain up to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise over the exercise price will
be treated as ordinary income. Any additional gain generally will be taxable at long-term or short-term capital-gain rates, depending
on whether the participant held the shares for more than one year after the exercise date. A participant who receives restricted stock will
not have taxable income until vesting unless the participant timely files an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed
at the time of grant (“Section 83(b) election”). The participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market
value of the shares at the time of vesting less the amount paid for such shares (if any) if no such election is made. Any additional
gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of the shares generally will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending
on whether the shares are held for more than one year. If a participant timely files a Section 83(b) election, the participant will
recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the shares at the time of purchase or grant less the amount paid for such
shares (if any). A participant who receives RSUs, performance
units or performance shares will not have taxable income upon grant of the stock award; instead, the participant will be taxed upon settlement
of the stock award. The participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the shares or the amount of cash
received by the participant. In addition, Section 409A imposes certain restrictions on deferred compensation arrangements. Stock
awards that are treated as deferred compensation under Section 409A are intended to meet the requirements of this section of the
Code. The Plan Administrator may, at its discretion
and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, permit a participant to satisfy such withholding or deduction obligations
or any other tax-related items, in whole or in part by (without limitation) paying cash, electing to have us withhold otherwise deliverable
cash or shares or delivering to us already-owned shares; provided that, unless the Plan Administrator permits otherwise, any proceeds
derived from a cashless exercise must be an approved broker-assisted cashless exercise or the cash or shares withheld or delivered must
be limited to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance or shares must have been previously held for the
minimum duration required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. The fair market value of the shares
to be withheld or delivered will be determined based on such methodology that we deem to be reasonable and in accordance with applicable
laws. We will be entitled to a tax deduction in connection
with a stock award under the 2023 Plan only in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by the participant and at the time
the participant recognizes the income. Section 162(m) of the Code places a limit of $1 million on the amount of compensation
that we may deduct as a business expense in any year with respect to certain of our most highly paid executive officers. While the Plan
Administrator considers the deductibility of compensation as one factor in determining executive compensation, the Plan Administrator
retains the discretion to award and pay compensation that is not deductible as it believes that it is in the best interests of our stockholders
to maintain flexibility in our approach to executive compensation and to structure a program that we consider to be the most effective
in attracting, motivating and retaining key employees. 92 New Plan Benefits The 2023 Plan does not provide for set benefits
or amounts of awards and we have not approved any stock awards that are conditioned on stockholder approval of the 2023 Plan. We
have not approved any stock awards under the 2023 Plan in connection with the Merger. All future awards to directors, executive
officers, employees and consultants under the 2023 Plan are discretionary and cannot be determined at this time. Non-Employee Director Compensation Since our incorporation, no compensation has
been earned or paid to Ian Jacobs or Mark Tompkins, who were our sole directors prior to the Merger. Serve became our wholly-owned subsidiary
upon the closing of the Merger on July 31, 2023. In connection with the closing of the Merger, Messrs. Jacobs and Tompkins resigned
from our Board, and the current members were appointed to our Board, effective as of July 31, 2023. On February 16, 2024, we adopted our Outside
Director Compensation Policy (the “Director Compensation Policy”), effective as of January 1, 2024, pursuant to which we
pay each non-employee director annual cash retainers and equity awards, as further described below. Pursuant to the Director Compensation Policy,
each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for service on our board of directors and an additional annual
cash retainer for service on each committee on which the non-employee director is a member. All annual cash retainers are paid quarterly
in arrears. In addition, James Buckly Jordan, Ali Pourdad and Olivier Vincent will each receive an initial cash compensation in the amount
of $11,250, payable on March 31, 2024. No compensation has previously been paid to our non-employee directors. The fees paid to non-employee directors for service
on our board of directors and for service on each committee of our board of directors of which the non-employee director is a member
are as follows: Annual Board Member Service Retainer ● | All non-employee directors: $20,000 Annual Committee Member Service Retainer ● | Member of the Audit Committee: $5,000 ● | Member of the Compensation Committee: $5,000 ● | Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: $5,000 The Director Compensation Policy provides that
at each annual stockholder meeting following a non-employee director’s appointment to our board of directors and subject to such
non-employee director’s service on our board of directors since December 31st of the calendar year prior to such annual meeting,
each non-employee director will be granted an option to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock under the 2023 Plan, which will vest
in full upon the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant or the next annual stockholder meeting, prorated for partial quarters
of service (including the initial quarter of service), subject to the applicable non-employee director’s continuous service through
the applicable vesting date; provided that if we do not have an effective Form S-8 registration statement on file with the SEC with sufficient
shares available to cover the applicable equity award as of the date such award is granted (an “Effective S-8”), the grant
of such equity award shall be delayed until such time there is an Effective S-8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each non-employee
director who remains in continuous service as a member of our Board until immediately prior to the consummation of a change in control,
any unvested portion of an equity award granted in consideration of such non-employee director’s service as a member of our Board
will vest in full immediately prior to, and contingent upon, the consummation of a change in control. The Director Compensation Policy further provides
that upon consummation of our initial public offering and listing of our common stock on Nasdaq or the NYSE, each non-employee director
would be granted an option to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock under the 2023 Plan (each, an “Initial Equity Grant”).
Each Initial Grant shall vest in full on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the applicable non-employee director’s
continued service as a member of our board of directors through such date; provided that if we do not have an Effective S-8, the grant
of such equity award shall be delayed until such time as there is an Effective S-8. Our Board will have discretion to grant additional
equity awards to certain non-employee directors for services that exceed the expectations for a non-employee director or for other circumstances
determined to be appropriate by our Board. We also reimburse our directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection
with attending meetings of our Board and Board committees. The non-employee director compensation program
is intended to provide a total compensation package that enables us to attract and retain qualified and experienced individuals to serve
as directors and to align our directors’ interests with those of our stockholders. 93 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Below, we describe transactions since January 1,
2022, in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) $120,000 and (ii) 1% of the average total assets
of the Company at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, between the Company and any of our directors, executive officers,
or beneficial holders of more than 5% of the Company’s capital stock. Other than as described below, there have not been transactions
to which we have been a party other than compensation arrangements, which are described under “ Executive Compensation .”
The following description is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger. Secured Subordinated Promissory Note with
Ali Kashani On December 27, 2023, Serve issued a Secured
Subordinated Promissory Note (the “December 2023 Kashani Note”) to Dr. Ali Kashani, a holder of greater than 5% of the
capital stock of Serve who serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a member of the Serve Board of Directors, in exchange for a loan
with the aggregate principal amount of $70,000. Pursuant to the December 2023 Kashani Note, the loan accrued interest on the unpaid
principal amount at a rate of 7.67% per annum, computed as simple interest. Serve repaid the December 2023 Kashani Note on January 3,
2024. On June 28, 2023, Serve issued a Secured
Subordinated Promissory Note (the “June 2023 Kashani Note”) to Dr. Kashani, in exchange for a loan with the aggregate
principal amount of $449,000. Pursuant to the June 2023 Kashani Note, the loan accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at
a rate of 7.67% per annum, computed as simple interest. Dr. Kashani was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal
amount of the June 2023 Kashani Note, less the total amount of interest that accrued on the June 2023 Kashani Note prior to
the closing of the Merger (the “Kashani Exit Fee”). Serve paid the Kashani Exit Fee and repaid the June 2023 Kashani Note
upon the closing of the Merger. On August 4, 2023, payment of $520,840 was made to Dr. Kashani as repayment of the promissory note,
which includes $449,000 in principal and $71,840 in interest. No additional fees were paid. Related Party Transactions with Uber Technologies,
Inc. As described elsewhere in this prospectus, Serve
is a spin-off of Uber. Serve was initially formed in 2017 as the X division of Postmates, which was acquired by Uber in 2020. Uber held
greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Convertible Promissory Note On January 2, 2024, we issued a convertible
promissory note (the “Postmates Convertible Promissory Note”) to Postmates. The Postmates Convertible Promissory Note bears
interest at a rate of 6.00% per year, compounded annually, and is due and payable upon request by Postmates on or after the 12-month
anniversary of the original issuance date of the Postmates Convertible Promissory Note. We may not prepay or repay the Postmates Convertible
Promissory Note in cash without Postmates’ consent. The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of the Postmates Convertible
Promissory Note were $500,000. The issuance of the Postmates Convertible Promissory
Note was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
by the SEC thereunder. Master Framework Agreement and Project
Plan Uber and the Company entered into the Master
Framework Agreement, effective September 3, 2021 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated
June 7, 2022, Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated January 12, 2023 and Amendment No. 3 to the
Master Framework Agreement, dated September 6, 2023 (as amended, the “Master Framework Agreement”). The term of the
Master Framework Agreement has been extended twice and is currently effective until February 24, 2027 and automatically renews for
one-year periods unless terminated. Pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide delivery robots for Uber
deliveries and Uber to pay delivery fees based on the services provided by the delivery robots. In addition, among other things, under
the Master Framework Agreement, the Company is obligated to obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory approvals and licenses and certain
types and levels of insurance for the robots. 94 The Company and Uber entered into separate project
plans on February 3, 2022 (“Project Plan #1”) and May 26, 2022 (“Project Plan #2” and together
with Project Plan #1, the “Project Plans”) for deployment of the Company’s robots to perform concurrent deliveries
on Uber’s platform. Under Project Plan #1, Uber and the Company worked together to onboard 10 robots to perform concurrent
deliveries on Uber’s platform in a mutually agreed upon operating area in Los Angeles, California. Entering into Project Plan #2
signified satisfactory completion of Project Plan #1. Under Project Plan #2, Uber and the Company are working together to deploy
up to 2,000 robots on Uber’s platform in multiple cities in the U.S. Each of these Project Plans is governed by the terms
of the Master Framework Agreement. Pursuant to the Project Plans, the Company and Uber have agreed to meet monthly to discuss completion
dates and key milestones for the Master Framework Agreement and to establish operating areas. The Master Framework Agreement provides for certain
negotiated indemnification terms, including indemnification by the Company for damages resulting from third-party intellectual property
rights claims. The Project Plans require the Company to maintain commercial insurance during the term of the Project Plans, including
for general liability, auto liability and workers’ compensation. Wavemaker – Side Letter On December 5, 2022, the Company and Wavemaker
Pacific 4, L.P. entered into a SAFE along with a side letter to the SAFE dated as of December 15, 2022 (the “Wavemaker
Side Letter”). Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. holds greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Pursuant to the
Wavemaker Side Letter, Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. is granted preemptive rights to purchase preferred stock sold in an equity financing,
among other rights. NEO 2.0 LP – Side Letter On December 1, 2022, the Company, NEO 2.0,
L.P. (“NEO 2.0”) and NEO 2.0a, L.P. (“NEO 2.0a,” and together with NEO 2.0, the “NEO
Entities”) entered into a SAFE along with a side letter dated as of December 5, 2022 (the “NEO Entities Side Letter”).
The NEO Entities own greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Pursuant to the NEO Entities Side Letter, the NEO entities
are granted preemptive rights to purchase preferred stock sold in an equity financing, among other rights. Related Party Transactions with NVIDIA Convertible Promissory Note On January 2, 2024, we issued a convertible
promissory note (“the NVIDIA Convertible Promissory Note”) to NVIDIA. The NVIDIA Convertible Promissory Note bears interest
at a rate of 6.00% per year, compounded annually, and are due and payable upon request by NVIDIA on or after the 12-month anniversary
of the original issuance date of the NVIDIA Convertible Promissory Note. We may not prepay or repay the NVIDIA Convertible Promissory
Note in cash without NVIDIA’s consent. The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of the NVIDIA Convertible Promissory Note
were $2,500,000. Business Collaboration Agreement On February 2, 2022, the Company and NVIDIA
entered into a business collaboration agreement (the “Business Collaboration Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and
NVIDIA agreed to collaborate on the potential integration of NVIDIA’s AI capabilities into the Company’s robots, among other
things. NVIDIA Side Letter On February 4, 2022, the Company and NVIDIA
entered into a side letter (the “NVIDIA Side Letter”) pursuant to which the Company granted NVIDIA contractual management
rights including inspection rights and a right of first refusal, among other things. 95 Equity Financings 2022 SAFEs Between February 4, 2022 and March 9,
2022, Serve issued SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $10.59 million to investors of Serve (the “February 2022 SAFEs”).
Between December 1, 2022 and January 18, 2023, Serve issued SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $4.97 million to
investors of Serve (the “December 2022 SAFEs” and, together with the February 2022 SAFEs, the “2022 SAFEs”).
The following table summarizes the purchase of 2022 SAFEs by related persons: Purchaser | Aggregate Purchase Price for 2022 SAFEs
NEO 2.0, L.P. (1) | $ | 987,483
NEO 2.0a, L.P. (1) | $ | 12,517
NVIDIA | $ | 9,000,000
Postmates, LLC (2) | $ | 2,000,000
Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. (3) | $ | 1,000,000 (1) | The general partner of each of NEO 2.0., L.P. and NEO 2.0a, L.P. is NEO GP. NEO GP and its affiliates hold greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. (2) | Postmates, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber, which holds greater than 5% of the pre-Merger capital stock of Serve. Sarfraz Maredia is Vice President, Head of Delivery, Americas at Uber and serves as a member of the Serve Board of Directors. (3) | Wavemaker Pacific 4, L.P. holds greater than 5% of Serve’s pre-Merger capital stock. Registration Rights Agreement The description set forth above under the caption
“ Description of the Merger, the Private Placement, and Related Transactions—Registration Rights ” is incorporated
herein by reference. All of our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5% of our capital stock are parties to the Registration
Rights Agreement. Participation in Private Placement Certain of our existing investors, including
investors affiliated with certain of our directors and officers, have purchased an aggregate of 1,258,221 shares of our common stock
in the Private Placement, for an aggregate gross purchase price of $5.01 million. Such purchases were made on the same terms as
the shares that were sold to other investors in the Private Placement and not pursuant to any pre-existing contractual rights or obligations.
Each of NVIDIA and Postmates, LLC, who hold more than 5% of our capital stock, and Olivier Vincent and Ali Kashani participated in the
Private Placement. Other Transactions We have granted stock options to our executive
officers and our directors. For a description of these stock options, see the section titled “ Executive Compensation .” Indemnification Agreements We maintain indemnification agreements with each
of our current directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements and our amended and restated bylaws require us to indemnify
our directors to the fullest extent not prohibited by DGCL. Subject to very limited exceptions, our amended and restated bylaws also
require us to advance expenses incurred by our directors and officers. Potential Insider Participation Certain of our existing stockholders and their
affiliates have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering with an aggregate value of approximately
$4.5 million at the assumed public offering price. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments
to purchase, the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering to any of these parties, or any of these
parties may determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. Policies and Procedures for Related Party
Transactions We did not have a formal review and approval
policy for related party transactions at the time of any of the transactions described above. However, all of the transactions described
above were entered into after presentation, consideration and approval by our board of directors. Subsequently, our audit committee adopted
a charter which requires the audit committee to conduct appropriate review and oversight of related party transactions. 96 USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that we will receive net proceeds
from the sale of the shares of common stock that we are offering of approximately $35.7 million (or approximately $41.3 million
if the underwriter exercises its option to purchase additional shares in full) based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50
per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts
and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. A $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed public
offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), would increase or decrease the
net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately $8.3 million, assuming the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on
the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. Similarly,
each increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares of common stock offered by us would increase or decrease
the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately $4.2 million, based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share
(the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. The principal purposes of this offering are to
increase our financial flexibility, create a public market for our common stock and facilitate our future access to capital markets.
We currently intend to use approximately $35.0 million of the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, to fund the research and development of the next generations of our robots, including
certain manufacturing activities and the planned geographic expansion of our fleet into new areas, and the remainder, if any, for working
capital and other general corporate purposes. This expected use of the net proceeds from this
offering represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions, which could change in the future as our plans
and business conditions evolve. We cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon
the closing of this offering or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of our actual
expenditures and the extent of product and manufacturing development may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including
the progress of our development, supply chain conditions, manufacturing capacity or geographic expansion speed in the future, as well
as any collaborations that we may enter into with third parties for fleet deployment or strategic opportunities that become available
to us, and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result, our management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds
from this offering. Based on our current plans, we believe our existing
cash, together with the net proceeds from this offering, will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditure requirements
through 2025. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds
to acquire complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. However, we do not have agreements or commitments to enter into
any acquisitions at this time. We intend to invest the net proceeds to us from
this offering that are not used as described above in a variety of capital preservation instruments, including short-term, investment-grade,
interest-bearing instruments and U.S. government securities. 97 DIVIDEND POLICY We have never paid any cash dividends on our
capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future
earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other
factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 98 CAPITALIZATION The
 following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and our capitalization as of December
 31, 2023, on: ● | an actual basis; ● | a pro forma basis, giving effect to (i) the settlement of our convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.0 million into 2,099,490 shares of our common stock (based on a conversion price of $2.42 per share (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)) and (ii) the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants into 17,462 shares of common stock (based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB); and ● | a pro forma as adjusted basis to give further effect to (i) the pro forma adjustments set forth above and (ii) the issuance and sale of 8,888,889 shares of common stock in this offering, based upon the receipt by us of the estimated net proceeds from this offering at the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The
 pro forma information set forth below is illustrative only, and our capitalization following
 the closing of this offering will be adjusted based on the actual public offering price and
 other terms of this offering determined at pricing. This table should be read in conjunction
 with the information contained in this prospectus, including “ Use of Proceeds ,”
 “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations ” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto
 appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As of December 31, 2023 | Actual | Pro forma | Pro forma as adjusted
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 6,756 | $ | 5,096,923 | $ | 40,839,266
Note payable | 1,230,933 | 1,230,933 | 1,230,933
Convertible note payable | - | - | -
Total liabilities | 1,230,933 | 1,230,933 | 1,230,933
Stockholders’ equity (deficit):
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 300,000,000 shares authorized, 24,832,814 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 300,000,000 shares authorized, 27,074,766 shares issued and outstanding, pro forma; 300,000,000 shares authorized, 35,963,655 shares issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted; | 2,450 | 2,694 | 3,582
Additional paid-in capital | 64,468,141 | 69,558,308 | 105,300,651
Subscription receivable | (169,616 | ) | (169,616 | ) | (169,616 | )
Accumulated deficit | (68,334,381 | ) | (68,334,381 | ) | (68,334,381 | )
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) | (4,033,406 | ) | 1,057,004 | 36,800,236
Total capitalization | $ | (2,802,473 | ) | $ | 2,287,937 | $ | 38,031,169 Each
 $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing
 price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), would increase or decrease each
 of our pro forma cash and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital and total capitalization
 by approximately $8.3 million, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions.
 Similarly, each increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares of common
 stock offered by us would increase or decrease each of our pro forma cash and cash equivalents,
 additional paid-in capital and total capitalization by approximately $4.2 million, assuming
 a public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April
 5, 2024 on the OTCQB) and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. 99 The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding
after this offering is based on an aggregate of 27,074,766 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect
to (i) the issuance of 2,099,490 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of our convertible promissory notes (based upon
the conversion price of $2.42 per share (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price
of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)) and (ii) 17,462 shares of our common stock to be issued upon the cashless exercise
of the Wavemaker Warrants (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common
stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)), each immediately prior to the completion of this offering, but excludes: ● | 1,515,386 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2023 that were subject to options originally granted under the 2021 Plan, with a weighted-average exercise price of $0.61 per share;
● | 1,313,949 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2023 Plan with a weighted-average exercise price of $4.00 per share; ● | outstanding Bridge Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 468,971 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Bridge Broker Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 153,909 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $4.00 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $0.001 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,911 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $3.89 per share as of December 31, 2023 assumed by us in connection with the Merger; ● | outstanding warrant to purchase an aggregate of 2,145,000 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $0.01 per share issued to Magna in February 2024; ● | Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 633,266 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $2.42 per share (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)); and ● | Underwriter’s Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 444,444 shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with this offering. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus
assumes: ● | the automatic conversion of our convertible promissory notes into shares of common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering; ● | the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants immediately prior to the completion with the closing of this offering, pursuant to the terms therein, into an aggregate of 17,462 shares of common stock, based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB); ● | no exercise or cancellation of other outstanding options and warrants or the repurchase of outstanding unvested restricted stock awards subsequent to December 31, 2023; and ● | no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. 100 DILUTION If
 you invest in our common stock in this offering, your ownership interest will be immediately
 diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per share of our
 common stock in this offering and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share
 of our common stock immediately after this offering. Dilution results from the fact that
 the per share offering price of our common stock is substantially in excess of the pro forma
 net tangible book value per share attributable to our existing stockholders. As of December 31, 2023, we had a historical
net tangible book value of $(4.0) million, or $(0.16) per share of common stock, based on 24,832,814 shares of our common stock
outstanding. Our historical net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our total tangible assets, less total liabilities,
divided by the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Our pro forma net tangible book value as of December
31, 2023 was $1.1 million, or $0.0 per share of common stock. Pro forma net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our
total tangible assets, less total liabilities, divided by the aggregate number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of December
31, 2023, on a pro forma basis, after giving effect to (i) the conversion of all of our outstanding convertible promissory notes into
2,099,490 shares of our common stock (based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common
stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)) and (ii) the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants into 17,462 shares of our common
stock (based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the
OTCQB)), each of which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering. After giving further effect to the sale and issuance
by us of the 8,888,889 shares of our common stock in this offering at the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the
closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions
and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2023, would
be approximately $36.8 million, or approximately $1.03 per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in
pro forma net tangible book value to our existing stockholders of approximately $0.99 per share and an immediate dilution to new investors
purchasing common stock in this offering of approximately $3.47 per share. Dilution
 per share to new investors is determined by subtracting pro forma as adjusted net tangible
 book value per share after this offering from the public offering price per share paid by
 new investors. The following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis (without
 giving effect to any exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional shares): Assumed public offering price per share | $ | 4.50
Pro forma net tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2023 | $ | 0.04
Increase in pro forma net tangible book value per share attributable to new investors in this offering | 0.99
Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share after this offering | 1.03
Dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible value per share to new investors in this offering | $ | 3.47 Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed
public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), would increase or decrease
our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share by approximately $0.91 and the dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible
book value per share to new investors in this offering by approximately $4.38, assuming (i) that the number of shares outstanding
immediately prior to this offering remains 27,074,766 shares and (ii) the deduction of estimated underwriting discounts and
commissions. Similarly, each increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares of common stock offered by us would
increase or decrease our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share by approximately $0.10 and decrease the dilution in
pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share to new investors in this offering by approximately $3.38, after deducting estimated
underwriting discounts and commissions. If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full, the pro forma
as adjusted net tangible book value per share would be $1.14 per share, and the dilution per share to new investors in this offering
would be $3.36 per share. 101 The
 following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2023, on the pro forma as adjusted basis
 described above, the differences between the existing stockholders and the new investors
 purchasing shares in this offering with respect to the number of shares of common stock purchased
 from us, the total consideration paid, which includes net proceeds received from the issuance
 of common stock, cash received from the exercise of stock options, the value of any capital
 stock issued for services and the average price per share of our common stock paid by existing
 stockholders. The calculation with respect to shares of common stock purchased by new investors
 in this offering reflects the issuance of shares of our common stock in this offering at
 the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock
 on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB), before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and
 estimated offering expenses payable by us. (Amounts in thousands, except share and per | Shares purchased | Total consideration | Average price per
share amounts, and percentages) | Number | Percent | Amount | Percent | share
Existing stockholders (1) | 27,074,766 | 75 | % | $ | 69,558,307.83 | 63 | % | $ | 2.57
New investors | 8,888,889 | 25 | 40,000,000.00 | 37 | 4.50
Total | 35,963,655 | 100 | % | $ | 109,558,307.83 | 100 | % | $ | 3.54 (1) | The presentation in this table regarding ownership by existing stockholders does not give effect to any purchases that existing stockholders may otherwise purchase in this offering. If the underwriter exercises its option to purchase
additional shares of our common stock in full, the number of shares of our common stock held by new investors will increase to 27% of
the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding after this offering. Certain of our existing stockholders and their
affiliates have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of common stock in this offering with an aggregate value of approximately
$4.5 million at the assumed public offering price. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments
to purchase, the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering to any of these parties, and as a result,
potential purchases by these parties are not reflected in this section. The
 number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on an aggregate
 of 27,074,766 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect to
 (i) the issuance of 2,099,490 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of our
 convertible promissory notes (based upon the conversion price of $2.42 per share (calculated
 based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our
 common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)) and (ii) 17,462 shares of our common stock to
 be issued upon the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants (calculated based upon the
 assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on
 April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)), each immediately prior to the completion of this offering,
 but excludes: ● | 1,515,386 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2023 that were subject to options originally granted under the 2021 Plan with a weighted-average exercise price of $0.61 per share; 102 ● | 1,313,949 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2023 Plan with a weighted-average exercise price of $4.00 per share; ● | outstanding Bridge Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 468,971 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Bridge Broker Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $3.20 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 153,909 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $4.00 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding Placement Agent B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $0.001 per share as of December 31, 2023; ● | outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,911 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $3.89 per share as of December 31, 2023 assumed by us in connection with the Merger; ● | outstanding warrant to purchase an aggregate of 2,145,000 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $0.01 per share issued to Magna in February 2024; ● | Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 633,266 shares of our common stock at the exercise price of $2.42 per share (calculated based upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB)); and ● | Underwriter’s Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 444,444 shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with this offering. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus
assumes: ● | the automatic conversion of our convertible promissory notes into of common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering; ● | the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants immediately prior to the completion of this offering, pursuant to the terms therein into an aggregate of 17,462 shares of common stock, based on the assumed public offering price in this offering of $4.50 per share (the closing price of our common stock on April 5, 2024 on the OTCQB);
● | no exercise or cancellation of other outstanding options and warrants or the repurchase of outstanding unvested restricted stock awards subsequent to December 31, 2023; and ● | no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. To
 the extent that any outstanding options or warrants are exercised, outstanding restricted
 stock awards settle, new options or other securities are issued under our equity incentive
 plans, or we issue additional shares of common stock, other equity securities or convertible
 debt securities in the future, investors participating in this offering will experience further
 dilution. 103 MARKET INFORMATION
FOR OUR COMMON STOCK Our
 common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market, or the OTCQB, under the symbol “SBOT”.
 On April 5, 2024, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB was $4.50
 per share. Trading volume in our common stock has been very limited. In connection with this
 offering, we have applied to list our common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol “SERV”.
 Accordingly, we expect our common stock to begin trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on
 or around the date of this prospectus, at which point our common stock will cease to be traded
 on the OTCQB Market. As of April 5, 2024, we had 24,957,814 shares
of common stock outstanding held by approximately 214 stockholders of record. 104 PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 5, 2024 by: ● | each of our named executive officers; ● | each of our directors; ● | all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and ● | each person, or group of affiliated persons, who beneficially owned more than 5% of our common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Except as
indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table
below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially owned, subject to
applicable community property laws. The
 percentage of shares beneficially owned before this offering is computed on the basis of
 24,957,814 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 5, 2024. The percentage of shares
 beneficially owned after this offering is computed on the basis of shares of common stock
 outstanding as of April 5, 2024 (including 2,099,490 shares of our common stock
 to be issued upon the conversion of our convertible promissory notes immediately prior to
 the completion of this offering (at a conversion price of $2.42 per share) and 17,462 shares
 of our common stock to be issued upon the cashless exercise of the Wavemaker Warrants (based
 upon the assumed public offering price of $4.50 per share)). Shares of common stock that
 a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 5, 2024 are deemed outstanding
 for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights, but
 are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other
 person, except with respect to the percentage ownership of all directors and executive officers
 as a group. Certain of our stockholders and their affiliates
have indicated an interest in purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering with an aggregate value of approximately $4.5 million
at the assumed public offering price. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase,
the underwriter may determine to sell more, fewer or no shares in this offering to any of these parties, or any of these parties may
determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. The information set forth below does not reflect any potential purchase
of any shares in this offering by such parties. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each
beneficial owner in the table below is c/o Serve Robotics Inc., 730 Broadway, Redwood City, CA 94063. Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned After the Offering (No Exercise of Over-Allotment Option) | Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned After the Offering (Full Exercise of Over-Allotment Option)
Name | Number | Percentage | Number | Percentage | Number | Percentage
5% Stockholders
Postmates, LLC (1) | 4,173,326 | 16.6 | % | 4,173,326 | 11.5 | % | 4,173,326 | 11.1 | %
NVIDIA (2) | 3,724,498 | 14.3 | % | 3,724,498 | 10.1 | % | 3,724,498 | 9.7 | %
NEO 2.0 Entities (3) | 1,438,228 | 5.8 | % | 1,438,228 | 4.0 | % | 1,438,228 | 3.9 | %
Mark Tompkins (4) | 1,843,750 | 7.3 | % | 1,843,750 | 5.1 | % | 1,843,750 | 4.9 | %
Directors and Named Executive Officers
Ali Kashani (5) | 2,361,351 | 9.4 | % | 2,361,351 | 6.6 | % | 2,361,351 | 6.3 | %
Shares subject to voting proxy (6) | 6,860,053 | 27.5 | % | 6,860,053 | 19.1 | % | 6,860,053 | 18.4 | %
Touraj Parang (7) | 816,256 | 3.3 | % | 816,256 | 2.3 | % | 816,256 | 2.2 | %
James Buckly Jordan (8) | 809,936 | 3.2 | % | 809,936 | 2.2 | % | 809,936 | 2.2 | %
Olivier Vincent | 9,928 | * | 9,928 | * | 9,928 | *
Ali Pourdad (9) | 31,283 | * | 31,283 | * | 31,283 | *
Euan Abraham (10) | 191,963 | * | 191,963 | * | 191,963 | *
Sarfraz Maredia | -- | * | -- | * | -- | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) | 8,034,505 | 31.8 | % | 8,034,505 | 22.1 | % | 8,034,505 | 21.4 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) | Includes 209,518 shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible promissory notes at a conversion price of $2.42 per share, which is the conversion price set forth in the convertible promissory note. Postmates is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Uber. The address of Uber is 1515 3 rd Street, San Francisco, California 94158. 105 (2) | Includes 1,047,594 shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible promissory notes at a conversion price of $2.42 per share, which is the conversion price set forth in the convertible promissory note. The address of NVIDIA is 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051. (3) | Consists of (i) 1,420,228 shares of common stock held by NEO 2.0, L.P. and (ii) 18,000 shares of common stock held by NEO 2.0a, L.P. The general partner of each of NEO 2.0., L.P. and NEO 2.0a, L.P. is NEO GP 2.0, LLC. Ali Partovi is the Managing Director of NEO GP 2.0, LLC and has dispositive power over the shares of common stock controlled thereby. The address of NEO GP 2.0, LLC is 2121 S. El Camino Real, Ste 200, San Mateo, California 94403. (4) | Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by Mr. Tompkins with the SEC on February 14, 2024. Consists of (i) 1,687,500 shares of common stock and (ii) 156,250 shares of common stock underlying the Bridge Warrants. (5) | Consists of (i) 2,205,309 shares of common stock held directly by Dr. Kashani, (ii) 16,070 shares of common stock held by Nikki Stoddart, the spouse of Dr. Kashani, (iii) 80,350 shares of common stock held by Salma Kashani, (iv) 8,035 shares of common stock held by Ali Sadeghi Hariri, (v) 1,562 shares underlying warrants to purchase common stock which are exercisable within 60 days of April 5, 2024, and (vi) 50,025 shares of common stock underlying options which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of April 5, 2024. Dr. Kashani shares control of the shares of common stock held by Ms. Stoddart. 1,093,653 shares of common stock held by Dr. Kashani are subject to a repurchase option held by the Company in the event that Dr. Kashani’s service with the Company is terminated. (6) | Consists of shares of common stock held by holders of pre-Merger common stock over which Dr. Kashani holds an irrevocable proxy, pursuant to the agreements between the Company and such stockholders. The Company does not believe that the parties to these voting agreements constitute a “group” under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Dr. Kashani exercises voting control over these shares. Dr. Kashani does not have dispositive control over these shares of common stock. (7) | Consists of (i) 794,709 shares of common stock held by Touraj Parang, (ii) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Armin Parang, Mr. Parang’s brother, (iii) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Payman Parang, Mr. Parang’s brother, (iv) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Shaghayegh Ahkami, Mr. Parang’s sister-in-law, (v) 2,008 shares of common stock held by Shahyar Ahkami, Mr. Parang’s brother-in-law and (vi) 13,515 shares of common stock underlying options which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of April 5, 2024. Mr. Parang disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock held by Armin Parang, Payman Parang, Shaghayegh Ahkami and Shahyar Ahkami. 401,372 shares of common stock held by Mr. Parang are subject to a repurchase option held by the Company in the event that Mr. Parang’s service with the Company is terminated. (8) | Consists of (i) 659,035 shares of common stock held by Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC, (ii) 9,200 shares held by Future VC, LLC, (iii) 77,291 shares of common stock held by Match Robotics VC, LLC and (iv) 64,410 shares of common stock underlying warrants to purchase common stock which are exercisable within 60 days of April 5, 2024, which will convert into 8,731 shares of our common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering. James Buckly Jordan is the Managing Partner of Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC and has dispositive power over the shares of common stock held thereby. Future VC, LLC and Match Robotics VC, LLC are controlled by James Buckly Jordan. The address of Wavemaker Global Select II, LLC is 1 Nanson road #03-00, Singapore 238909. The address for Future VC, LLC is 1438 9th St., Santa Monica, California 90401. The address for Match Robotics VC, LLC is 1134 11th Street, Suite 101, Santa Monica, California 90403. (9) | Shares of common stock are held by Pourdad Capital Corp. over which Ali Pourdad has control. (10) | Consists of 191,963 options to purchase shares of common stock which are or will become exercisable within 60 days of April 5, 2024. 106 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description summarizes the most
important terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to
you and the descriptions herein are qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
bylaws. For a complete description, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
bylaws and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. We have authorized capital stock consisting of
300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001
per share. As
 of December 31, 2023 we had 24,832,814 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and
 no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Unless stated otherwise, the following
 discussion summarizes the term and provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. Common
 Stock Dividend Rights Subject to applicable law and the rights and
preferences, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that
our board of directors may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. Voting Rights Holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, holders
of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including any certificate
of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred
stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other
such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the amended and restated certificate (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, divided into three classes with staggered
three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing
for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. No Preemptive or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive
rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to any holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences,
if any, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common
stock. Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized, subject
to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number
of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each
case without further vote or action by our stockholders. 107 Our board of directors can also increase or decrease
the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding or above the
total number of authorized shares of the class, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may, without
stockholder approval, authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in our control or the removal of existing management and might adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. Stock Options As
 of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1,515,386
 shares of our common stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $0.61 per share
 under the 2023 Plan. Warrants As
of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,090,272 shares of our common stock, with a
weighted-average exercise price of $2.67 per share. Registration Rights Agreement For a description of the Registration Rights
Agreement that we entered into in connection with the Merger and the Private Placement, see “ Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of Assets—The Merger and Related Transactions—Registration Rights ” above. All descriptions of the Registration
Rights Agreement herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof and incorporated herein by reference. Anti-Takeover Provisions The provisions of the DGCL, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws following the Private Placement could have the effect of delaying,
deferring, or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise,
or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types
of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to first
negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with
an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these
proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition
of us that a stockholder might consider is in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result
in a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock. Section 203 of the DGCL We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging
in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that
this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner as summarized
below. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies
one of the following conditions: ● | before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 108 ● | upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or ● | at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination
to include: ● | any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; ● | any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; ● | subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and ● | the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested
stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity
or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying
or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of directors or our governance or policy, including the
following: ● | Board Vacancies . Our amended and restated bylaws and certificate of incorporation provide, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, that any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders, unless (a) the board of directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will hold office until the expiration of the term of the class for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. In addition, the number of directors constituting the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (the “Whole Board”) is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the board of directors, but promotes continuity of management. 109 ● | Classified Board . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. See the section titled “Management—Corporate Governance—Classified Board of Directors” for additional information. ● | Directors Removed Only for Cause . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that stockholders may remove directors only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ● | Supermajority Requirements for Amendments of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provide that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board of directors, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our preferred stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, required to amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws, although our amended and restated bylaws may be amended by the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. ● | Stockholder Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, our chief executive officer or the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors. ● | Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. We expect that these provisions might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. ● | No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting. ● | Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 110 ● | Choice of Forum . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of ours; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising out of or pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply or determine the validity of, any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (e) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, such forum selection provisions will not apply to actions, suits or proceedings brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities
Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by
the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain
such claims. As noted above, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States
will have exclusive jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is
uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with
the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 27 of the Exchange Act
creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder. As noted above, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the choice of forum provision
does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court.
Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum
selection provisions in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The choice of forum provisions may
limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively,
if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 111 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers The amended and restated bylaws provide that
our directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by us to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our
directors and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duty
as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. The amended and restated bylaws also permit us
to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or agent of ours for any liability arising out of his
or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or
otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent’s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number
is (212) 828-8436. 112 SHARES ELIGIBLE
FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no public
market for our common stock, and a liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained after this offering. Future
sales of our common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants or settlement of restricted stock
units, in the public market after the completion of this offering, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect
the prevailing market price for our common stock from time to time or impair our ability to raise equity capital in the future. As described
below, only a limited number of shares of our common stock will be available for sale in the public market for a period of several months
after the completion of this offering due to contractual and legal restrictions on resale described below. Future sales of our common
stock in the public market either before (to the extent permitted) or after restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock at such time and our ability to raise equity capital at
a time and price we deem appropriate. Upon the closing of this offering, a total of
35,963,655 shares of our common stock will be outstanding, assuming the underwriter does not exercise its option to purchase additional
shares. Of these shares, all of the shares of our common stock sold in this offering (plus any shares issued upon exercise
of the underwriter’s over-allotment option) and 18,960,989 shares of our common stock that have previously been registered for
resale will be freely tradable in the public market without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless these
shares are held by “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (including any shares that
may purchased by our affiliates in this offering). The remaining outstanding shares of our common
stock will be deemed “restricted securities” as that term is defined under Rule 144. Restricted securities may be sold in
the public market only if their offer and sale is registered under the Securities Act or if the offer and sale of those securities qualify
for an exemption from registration, including exemptions provided by Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, which are summarized
below. Standstill and Lock-up Agreements We have agreed that, without the prior written
consent of the underwriter, we will not, for a period of twelve (12) months after the closing of this offering, subject to certain exceptions,
(a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our equity securities or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity securities; (b) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the SEC
relating to the offering of any of our equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity
securities; or (c) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of our common stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (c) above is to be settled
by delivery of our common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or enter into any agreement or announce the intention
to effect any of the actions described above. Our directors, executive officers, employees
and principal stockholders (holding 5% or more of the common stock of the Company) have agreed that, without the prior written consent
of the underwriter, we and they will not, subject to certain exceptions, during the period ending 180 days after the date of this
prospectus, offer, issue, sell, contract to sell, encumber grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose any shares of our common
stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our common stock. For additional information, see
“ Underwriting .” Furthermore, in connection with the initial closing
of the Private Placement, all officers, directors, and certain principal stockholders (with 5% or more of the common stock of the Company)
agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to dispose of or hedge any shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of common stock during the period from July 31, 2023, the date of the lock-up agreement, through July 31, 2024. Following the lock-up periods set forth in the
agreements described above, substantially all of the shares of our common stock will be eligible for sale in the public market in compliance
with Rule 144 or another exemption under the Securities Act or pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part. 113 Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act, sales of the securities of a former shell company, such as us, are not permitted (i) until at least 12 months
have elapsed from the date on which we provided Form 10 information in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC, as amended by the Form 8-K/A
filed with the SEC on August 16, 2023 and (ii) unless at the time of a proposed sale, we are subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other than Current Reports on Form 8-K. We have
registered certain shares of our common stock under the Securities Act and have filed all reports and other materials required to be
filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other than Current Reports on
Form 8-K. The stockholders of such unregistered shares of common stock will be forced to hold their shares of our common stock for at
least that 12-month period before they are eligible to sell those shares, and even after that 12-month period, sales may not be made
under Rule 144 unless we are in compliance with other requirements of Rule 144. In general, Rule 144 provides that (i) any
of our non-affiliates that has held restricted common stock for at least 12 months is thereafter entitled to sell its restricted
stock freely and without restriction, provided that we remain compliant and current with our SEC reporting obligations and (ii) any
of our affiliates, which includes our directors, executive officers and other person in control of us, that has held restricted common
stock for at least 12 months is thereafter entitled to sell its restricted stock subject to the following restrictions: (a) we
are compliant and current with our SEC reporting obligations, (b) certain manner of sale provisions are satisfied, (c) a Form 144
is filed with the SEC, and (d) certain volume limitations are satisfied, which limit the sale of shares within any three-month period
to a number of shares that does not exceed 1% of the total number of outstanding shares or, if our common stock is then listed or quoted
for trading on a national securities exchange, then the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding shares and the average weekly
trading volume of our common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of the Form 144 with respect to the sale.
A person who has ceased to be an affiliate at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has owned such shares of common
stock for at least one year is entitled to sell the shares under Rule 144 without regard to any of the limitations described above. Regulation S Regulation S under the Securities Act provides
that shares owned by any person may be sold without registration in the U.S., provided that the sale is effected in an offshore transaction
and no directed selling efforts are made in the U.S. (as these terms are defined in Regulation S), subject to certain other conditions.
In general, this means that our shares of common stock may be sold in some other manner outside the United States without requiring
registration in the United States. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701 as currently
in effect, any of our employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who acquired common stock from us in connection with a
written compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement, in compliance with Rule 701 under the Securities Act, before
the effective date of the Merger (to the extent such common stock is not subject to a lock-up agreement) is entitled to rely on Rule 701
to resell such shares beginning 90 days after we become subject to the public company reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
in reliance on Rule 144, but without compliance with the holding period requirements contained in Rule 144. Accordingly, subject
to any applicable lock-up agreements, beginning 90 days after we become subject to the public company reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act, under Rule 701 persons who are not our “affiliates,” as defined in Rule 144, may resell those
shares without complying with the minimum holding period or public information requirements of Rule 144, and persons who are our
“affiliates” may resell those shares without compliance with Rule 144’s minimum holding period requirements (subject
to the terms of the lock-up agreements described above, if applicable). Registration Rights Merger and Private Placement In connection with the Merger and the Private
Placement, we entered into the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed that promptly, but no later than 60 calendar
days from the final closing of the Private Placement, we would file, subject to customary exceptions, a Registration Statement covering
the Registrable Securities. We also undertook to use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such Registration Statement is
declared effective within 120 calendar days after the final closing of the Private Placement. Such Registration Statement, covering
18,960,989 shares, became effective on December 14, 2023. 114 Subject to customary exceptions, if any Registration
Event occurs, we will make payments to each holder of Registrable Securities as monetary penalties at a rate equal to 12% per annum of
the total value of Registrable Securities held or purchased by such holder and affected during the period, based on the Sale Price; provided
that the maximum amount of monetary penalties paid by us will not exceed 5% of such total value. No monetary penalties will accrue with
respect to any Registrable Securities that may be resold without manner of sale restrictions, current information requirements, volume
limitations or other limitations under Rule 144 or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act. We must use commercially reasonable efforts to
keep the Registration Statement effective for five years from the date it is declared effective by the SEC or until the date on which
all Registrable Securities have been transferred other than to certain enumerated permitted assignees under the Registration Rights Agreement. We will pay all expenses in connection with the
registration obligations provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, including, without limitation, all registration, filing, and
stock exchange fees, printing expenses, all fees and expenses of complying with applicable securities laws, the fees and disbursements
of our counsel and of our independent public accountants and the reasonable fees and disbursements of a single counsel to the holders
of the Registrable Securities, not to exceed $35,000. Each holder will be responsible for its own sales commissions, if any, transfer
taxes and the expenses of any other attorney or advisor such holder decides to employ. Convertible Promissory Notes The Convertible Promissory Notes provide for
certain registration rights, pursuant to which we agreed that as soon as practicable, but no later than 45 days after the date of issuance
of the shares issued upon conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes, we will use our best efforts to file, subject to customary
exceptions, a registration statement with the SEC covering the shares issued upon conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes. The
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants will also be registered under the
registration statement to be filed with respect to the shares issued upon conversion of the Convertible Promissory Notes. Stock Plans We intend to file with the SEC a registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock that are outstanding or reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan
and 2023 Plan. Once such registration statement become effective, shares registered thereunder will be available for sale in the
open market following its effective date, subject to Rule 144 volume limitations and the lock-up agreements described above, if
applicable. 115 CERTAIN U.S.
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion is a summary of certain
U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the ownership and disposition of our common stock. This summary is based
upon U.S. federal income tax law as of the date of this prospectus, which is subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly
with retroactive effect. This summary does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular
investors in light of their individual circumstances, including investors subject to special tax rules (e.g., financial institutions,
insurance companies, broker-dealers, dealers or traders in securities, tax-exempt organizations (including private foundations), taxpayers
that have elected mark-to-market accounting, S corporations, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, passive foreign
investment companies, controlled foreign corporations, U.S. Holders (as defined below) that will hold common stock as part of a straddle,
hedge, conversion, or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, expatriates or former long-term residents of
the United States, persons that are subject to the “applicable financial statement” rules under Section 451(b)
of the Code, or U.S. Holders that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar), all of whom may be subject to tax rules that
differ materially from those summarized below. This summary does not discuss other U.S. federal tax consequences (e.g., estate or gift
tax), any state, local or non-U.S. tax considerations or the Medicare tax or alternative minimum tax. In addition, this summary is limited
to investors that will hold our common stock as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the Code
and that acquire our common stock for cash pursuant to this prospectus. No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, (the “IRS”)
has been or will be sought regarding any matter discussed herein. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a
court would not sustain a position contrary to any of the tax aspects set forth below. For purposes of this summary, a “U.S. Holder”
is a beneficial holder of common stock who or that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is: ● | an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; ● | a corporation (or an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created in, or organized under the law of, the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; ● | an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for United States federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or ● | a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a United States court and which has one or more United States persons (within the meaning of the Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has in effect a valid election under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. A “non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial
holder of common stock who or that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner, member or other
beneficial owner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner, member or other beneficial owner, the activities
of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner, member or other beneficial owner level. If you are a partner, member
or other beneficial owner of a partnership holding our common stock, you are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences
of the ownership and disposition of our common stock. THIS DISCUSSION OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE. PROSPECTIVE HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS CONCERNING THE
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF OUR COMMON STOCK, AS WELL AS THE APPLICATION OF ANY, STATE, LOCAL
AND NON-U.S. INCOME, ESTATE AND OTHER TAX CONSIDERATIONS. 116 U.S. Holders Taxation of distributions If we pay distributions (other than certain distributions
of our capital stock or rights to acquire our capital stock) to U.S. Holders of shares of our common stock, such distributions generally
will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits,
as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will
constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis
in our common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will
be treated as described under “U.S. Holders—Gain or loss on sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of common
stock” below. Dividends we pay to a U.S. Holder that is a taxable
corporation will generally qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions
(including dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding
period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. Holder will generally constitute “qualified dividends”
that will be subject to tax at the tax rate accorded to long-term capital gains. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied,
a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend
amount, and non-corporate holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rates
that apply to qualified dividend income. Gain or loss on sale, taxable exchange
or other taxable disposition of common stock A U.S. Holder generally will recognize gain or
loss on the sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock. Any such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss,
and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock so disposed of exceeds one
year. The amount of gain or loss recognized will generally be equal to the difference between (1) the sum of the amount of cash
and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its
common stock so disposed of. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock will generally equal the U.S. Holder’s
acquisition cost for such common stock, less any prior distributions treated as a return of capital. The deductibility of capital losses
is subject to limitations. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally eligible for reduced rates
of tax. If the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock so disposed of is one year or less, any gain on a sale, taxable
exchange or other taxable disposition of the shares would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at ordinary
income tax rates. Information reporting and backup withholding In general, information reporting requirements
may apply to dividends paid to a U.S. Holder and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of shares of common stock, unless the
U.S. Holder is an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. Holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification
number, a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification
has not been withdrawn). Backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income
tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 117 Non-U.S. Holders Taxation of distributions In general, any distributions we make to a non-U.S.
Holder of shares of our common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under
U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are
not effectively connected with the non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required
to withhold tax from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such non-U.S. Holder is eligible for a reduced rate of
withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually
on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable). Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing
(but not below zero) the non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock and, to the extent such distribution
exceeds the non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the common stock, which
will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders—Gain on sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of common
stock” below. In addition, if we determine that we are likely to be classified as a “United States real property holding
corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders—Gain on sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of common stock”
below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Dividends we pay to a non-U.S. Holder that are
effectively connected with such non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if an applicable
tax treaty so requires, are attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the non-U.S. Holder) will generally
not be subject to U.S. withholding tax, provided such non-U.S. Holder complies with certain certification and disclosure requirements
(generally by providing an IRS Form W-8ECI). Instead, such dividends generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, net of
certain deductions, at the same graduated individual or corporate rates applicable to U.S. Holders. If the non-U.S. Holder is a corporation,
dividends that are effectively connected income may also be subject to a “branch profits tax” at a rate of 30% (or such lower
rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). Gain on sale, taxable exchange or other
taxable disposition of common stock A non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject
to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our
common stock, unless: ● | the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the non-U.S. Holder within the United States (and, if an applicable tax treaty so requires, is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the non-U.S. Holder); ● | the non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition and certain other conditions are met; or ● | we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the non-U.S. Holder held our common stock and, in the case where shares of our common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the non-U.S. Holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that our common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose. Gain described in the first bullet point above
will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if the non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. resident. Any gains
described in the first bullet point above of a non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch
profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower applicable treaty rate). Gain described in the second bullet point above will generally be
subject to a flat 30% U.S. federal income tax. Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding possible eligibility
for benefits under income tax treaties. If the third bullet point above applies to a
non-U.S. Holder and applicable exceptions are not available, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition
of our common stock will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our common
stock from such holder may be required to withhold U.S. income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We
will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States
real property interests” equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus
our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not believe we
currently are or will become a United States real property holding corporation, however there can be no assurance in this regard.
Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 118 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Provisions of the Code and Treasury Regulations
and administrative guidance promulgated thereunder commonly referred to as the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (“FATCA”)
generally impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of our common stock which are held by
or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (1) enters into, and
complies with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained
by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S.
persons and to withhold on certain payments or (2) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United States
and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the
U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify these requirements.
Accordingly, the entity through which our common stock is held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required.
Similarly, dividends in respect of our common stock held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S. entity that does not qualify
under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity either (1) certifies to us
or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any “substantial United States owners” or (2) provides
certain information regarding the entity’s “substantial United States owners,” which will in turn be provided
to the U.S. Department of Treasury. Withholding under FATCA was scheduled to apply to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other
disposition of property that produces U.S.-source interest or dividends, however, the IRS released proposed regulations that, if finalized
in their proposed form, would eliminate the obligation to withhold on such gross proceeds. Although these proposed Treasury Regulations
are not final, taxpayers generally may rely on them until final Treasury Regulations are issued. Prospective investors should consult
their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our common stock. Information reporting and backup withholding Information returns will be filed with the IRS
in connection with payments of dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of shares of common stock. A non-U.S. Holder
may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information
reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty
generally will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well. Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a non-U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s
U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished
to the IRS. Each prospective investor should consult its
own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing
of our common stock, including the consequences of any proposed change inapplicable laws. 119 UNDERWRITING We have entered into an underwriting agreement
with Aegis Capital Corp. (the “underwriter”) with respect to the securities subject to this offering. Subject to certain
conditions, we have agreed to sell to the underwriter, and the underwriter has agreed to purchase, the number of shares of our common
stock listed next to its name in the below table at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions set forth
on the cover page of this prospectus. Underwriter | Number of Shares
Aegis Capital Corp. The underwriting agreement will provide that
the obligations of the underwriter to pay for and accept delivery of the shares offered by this prospectus are subject to the approval
of certain legal matters by its legal counsel and certain other conditions. The underwriter is obligated to take and pay for all of the
shares if any of the shares are taken. The underwriter is not, however, required to take or pay for shares covered by the over-allotment
option described below. Over-Allotment Option We have granted to the underwriter an option,
exercisable no later than 45 calendar days after the date of the closing of this offering, to purchase up to additional
shares of common stock at the public offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriter may exercise this option only to cover over-allotments, if any, made in connection with this offering. To the extent
the option is exercised and the conditions of the underwriting agreement are satisfied, we will be obligated to sell to the underwriter,
and the underwriter will be obligated to purchase, these additional shares. Discounts and Commissions The following table summarizes the underwriting
discounts and commissions, expense allowance and proceeds, before expenses, to us assuming both no exercise and full exercise by the
underwriter of the over-allotment option: Per Share | Total Without Over-Allotment Option | Total With Over-Allotment Option
Public offering price | $ | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions (6.5%) | $ | $ | $
Non-accountable expense allowance (1.0%) | $ | $ | $
Proceeds to us, before fees and other expenses | $ | $ | $ The underwriter proposes to offer the common
stock offered by us to the public at the public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. In addition, the underwriter
may offer some of the shares to other securities dealers at such price less a concession of $ 
per share. If all of the shares offered by us are not sold at the public offering price, the underwriter may change the offering price
and other selling terms by means of a supplement to this prospectus. We have agreed to pay a non-accountable expense
allowance to the underwriter equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds received in this offering. We estimate that the total expenses of the
offering, including registration, filing and listing fees, printing fees and legal and accounting expenses, but excluding underwriting
discounts and commissions and the 1.0% non-accountable expense allowance, will be approximately $400,000, all of which are payable
by us. This figure includes the underwriter’s accountable expenses up to a maximum aggregate expense reimbursement of $150,000,
including, but not limited to, legal fees for the underwriter’s legal counsel, that we have agreed to pay at the closing of the
offering. 120 Underwriter Warrants Private Placement In connection with the Private Placement, we agreed
to issue Aegis Capital Corp., the underwriter in the offering to which this prospectus relates, Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase
a number of shares of our common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement (other than
to Insider Investors), with a term expiring three years after the common stock begins to trade on Nasdaq or NYSE and an exercise price
of $4.00 per share. 26,482 Placement Agent A Warrants were received during FINRA’s review period and are therefore deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 6-month lock-up pursuant to FINRA’s Rule 5110 (the “Rule”). The underwriter
(or its permitted assignees under the Rule) will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or hypothecate these warrants or the securities
underlying these warrants, nor will it engage in any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the
effective economic disposition of the warrants or the underlying securities for a period of 180 days from the effectiveness of the prospectus
related to this offering. The warrants may be exercised from time to time as to all or any portion of the shares of common stock. The
warrants shall be exercisable on a cash basis, provided that if a registration statement registering the common stock underlying the
warrants is not effective, the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants will provide for registration rights upon
request, in certain cases. The sole demand registration right provided will not be greater than five years from the commencement of sales
of the public offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C). The piggyback registration rights provided will not be greater than
seven years from the commencement of sales of the public offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D). We will bear all fees
and expenses attendant to registering the securities issuable on exercise of the warrants other than underwriting commissions incurred
and payable by the holders. Consistent with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(E) and (F), the exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or our
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation; however, the warrant exercise price or underlying shares will not be adjusted
for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below the warrant exercise price. This Offering We have agreed to issue to the underwriter or
its designees warrants to purchase up to a total of 5.0% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, excluding shares sold pursuant
to the exercise of the over-allotment option, if any. Such warrants and the underlying shares of common stock are included in this prospectus.
The warrants are exercisable at $ per share (125% of the public offering price
per share of common stock) commencing on the date which is six (6) months from the effective date of the offering and expiring on the
date which is five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110. The warrants have been deemed compensation by
FINRA and are therefore subject to a 6-month lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110 of FINRA. The underwriter (or its permitted assignees under
the Rule) will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or hypothecate these warrants or the securities underlying these warrants, nor will
it engage in any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of
the warrants or the underlying securities for a period of 180 days from effectiveness. The warrants may be exercised from time to time
as to all or any portion of the shares of common stock. The warrants shall be exercisable on a cash basis, provided that if a registration
statement registering the common stock underlying the warrants is not effective, the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. The
warrants will provide for registration rights upon request, in certain cases. The sole demand registration right provided will not be
greater than five years from the commencement of sales of the public offering in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C). The piggyback
registration rights provided will not be greater than seven years from the commencement of sales of the public offering in compliance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D). The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities issuable on exercise
of the warrants other than underwriting commissions incurred and payable by the holders. Consistent with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(E) and
(F), the exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation;
however, the warrant exercise price or underlying shares will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below
the warrant exercise price. Company Standstill We have agreed that without the prior written
consent of the underwriter, we will not, for a period of twelve (12) months after the closing of this offering, subject to certain exceptions,
(a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our equity securities or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity securities; (b) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the SEC
relating to the offering of any of our equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity
securities; or (c) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Common Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (c) above is to be settled
by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or enter into any agreement or announce the intention to
effect any of the actions described above. Lock-Up Agreements Each of our executive officers, directors, employees
and shareholders holding at least 5% of our outstanding common stock have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to offer, sell,
contract to sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of any of our shares or other securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for our shares for a period of 180 days after the closing of this offering. Tail Financing In addition, we have agreed to pay the underwriter
cash fees and expense allowance and issue to it warrants, all calculated in the manner set forth above, to the extent that any investor
that the underwriter contacted or introduced to us during the term of our engagement agreement with the underwriter dated January 29,
2024, or any affiliate of such investor, provides financing or capital in any public or private offering or other capital raising transaction
during the twelve (12) month period following the closing of this offering or expiration or termination of our engagement letter with
the underwriter. 121 Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments that the underwriter may be required
to make for these liabilities. Price Stabilization, Short Positions and Penalty Bids In connection with this offering, the underwriter
may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of our common stock. Specifically, the underwriter
may over-allot in connection with this offering by selling more shares of common stock than are set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
This creates a short position in our common stock for its own account. The short position may be either a covered short position or a
naked short position. In a covered short position, the number of shares of common stock over-allotted by the underwriter is not greater
than the number of shares of our common stock that they may purchase in the over-allotment option. In a naked short position, the number
of shares of our common stock involved is greater than the number of shares of common stock in the over-allotment option. To close out
a short position, the underwriter may elect to exercise all or part of the over-allotment option. The underwriter may also elect to stabilize
the price of our common stock or reduce any short position by bidding for, and purchasing, our common stock in the open market. The underwriter may also impose a penalty bid.
This occurs when a particular underwriter or dealer repays selling concessions allowed to it for distributing a security in this offering
because the underwriter repurchases that security in stabilizing or short covering transactions. Finally, the underwriter may bid for, and purchase,
shares of our common stock in market making transactions, including “passive” market making transactions as described below. These activities may stabilize or maintain the
market price of our common stock at a price that is higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the absence of these activities.
The underwriter is not required to engage in these activities and may discontinue any of these activities at any time without notice. In connection with this offering, the underwriter
and selling group members, if any, or their affiliates may engage in passive market making transactions in our common stock immediately
prior to the commencement of sales in this offering, in accordance with Rule 103 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Rule 103 generally
provides that: ● | net purchases by a passive market maker on each day are generally limited to 30% of the passive market maker’s average daily trading volume in our common stock during a specified two-month prior period or 200 shares, whichever is greater, and must be discontinued when that limit is reached; and ● | passive market making bids must be identified as such. Electronic Distribution A prospectus in electronic format may be made
available on a website maintained by the underwriter. The underwriter may agree to allocate a number of shares to underwriters for sale
to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated by the underwriter to underwriters that may make
internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations. In connection with the offering, the underwriter or syndicate members
may distribute prospectuses electronically. No forms of electronic prospectus other than prospectuses that are printable as Adobe ® PDF will be used in connection with this offering. Other than the prospectus in electronic format,
the information on the any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by the underwriter
is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed
by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter agent and should not be relied upon by investors. Affiliations The underwriter and its affiliates may provide,
from time to time, investment banking and financial advisory services to us in the ordinary course of business, for which they may receive
customary fees and commissions. 122 LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of our common stock
being offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Certain
legal matters relating to this offering will be passed upon for the underwriter by Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS The financial statements of Serve as of and for
each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, have been audited by dbbmckennon, independent registered public accounting firm,
as set forth in their report (which contains an explanatory paragraph describing conditions that raise substantial doubt about Serve’s
ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 2 to the financial statements) included in this registration statement.
Such financial statements have been included herein in reliance upon such report given on the authority of said firm as experts in accounting
and auditing. WHERE YOU
CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC this registration
statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus. This
prospectus, which constitutes a part of this registration statement, does not contain all of the information in this registration statement
and its exhibits. For further information with respect to us and the common stock offered by this prospectus, you should refer to this
registration statement and the exhibits filed as part of this document. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of
any contract or any other document referred to are not necessarily complete, and in each instance, we refer you to the copy of the contract
or other document filed as an exhibit to this registration statement. Each of these statements is qualified in all respects by this reference. We are subject to the informational requirements
of the Exchange Act and file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read
our SEC filings, including this registration statement, over the internet on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . You
may also request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at: Serve Robotics Inc. 730 Broadway, Redwood
City, California 94063, (818) 860-1352. 123 INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Serve Robotics Inc. Audited Financial Statements for the Years Ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: #3501) | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Serve Robotics Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Serve Robotics Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company’s has sustained
net losses, used cash flows from operations, and requires additional capital to operate. These factors raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ dbb mckennon Newport Beach, California February 29, 2024 We have served as the Company’s
auditor since 2022 F- 2 Serve Robotics Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2023
and 2022 Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 6,756 | $ | 2,715,719
Accounts receivable | 2,955 | 23,697
Inventory | 774,349 | 618,262
Prepaid expenses | 676,969 | 81,339
Total current assets | 1,461,029 | 3,439,017
Property and equipment, net | 48,422 | 3,376,427
Right of use asset | 782,439 | 1,215,968
Deposits | 512,659 | 512,659
Total assets | $ | 2,804,549 | 8,544,071
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 2,050,605 | $ | 162,034
Accrued liabilities | 255,849 | 37,434
Note payable, current | 1,000,000 | 1,000,000
Note payable - related party | 70,000 | -
Right of use liability, current portion | 496,963 | 483,186
Lease liability, current portion | 2,363,807 | 2,214,348
Total current liabilities | 6,237,224 | 3,897,002
Note payable, net of current portion | 230,933 | 1,214,600
Simple agreements for future equity | - | 13,150,745
Restricted stock award liability | 158,617 | 162,747
Right of use liability | 211,181 | 708,143
Lease liability | - | 1,862,980
Total liabilities | 6,837,955 | 20,996,217
Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)
Stockholders’ equity (deficit):
Series Seed preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 4,008,079¹ shares authorized, 0 and 3,091,672 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively | - | 309
Series Seed-1 preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 3,037,227¹ shares authorized, 0 and 2,440,411 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively | - | 244
Series Seed-2 preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 2,599,497¹ shares authorized, 0 and 2,088,696 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively | - | 209
Series Seed-3 preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 445,347¹ shares authorized, 0 and 357,836 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively | - | 36
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2023 | - | -
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 300,000,000 shares authorized, 24,832,814 and 7,161,654 shares issued and 24,508,795 and 6,826,352 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively | 2,450 | 683
Additional paid-in capital | 64,468,141 | 31,232,737
Subscription receivable | (169,616 | ) | (165,719 | )
Accumulated deficit | (68,334,381 | ) | (43,520,645 | )
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) | (4,033,406 | ) | (12,452,146 | )
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit) | 2,804,549 | 8,544,071 1 | The authorized shares of preferred stock in the consolidated balance sheets above reflect the historical authorized shares of Serve. Upon the Merger, shares issued and outstanding have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 0.8035 as described in Note 4. See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. F- 3 Serve Robotics Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 Year Ended December 31,
2023 | 2022
Revenues | $ | 207,545 | $ | 107,819
Cost of revenues | 1,730,262 | 1,148,426
Gross loss | (1,522,717 | ) | (1,040,607 | )
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 4,618,499 | 3,786,124
Operations | 2,564,930 | 2,035,063
Research and development | 9,947,258 | 13,565,765
Sales and marketing | 605,205 | 525,494
Impairment of long-lived assets | 1,468,995 | -
Total operating expenses | 19,204,887 | 19,912,446
Loss from operations | (20,727,604 | ) | (20,953,053 | )
Other income (expense), net:
Interest expense, net | (2,264,426 | ) | (636,330 | )
Change in fair value of derivative liability | (149,000 | ) | -
Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity | (1,672,706 | ) | (265,744 | )
Total other income (expense), net | (4,086,132 | ) | (902,074 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | (24,813,736 | ) | (21,855,127 | )
-
Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 14,204,078 | 6,896,769
Net loss per common share - basic and diluted | (1.75 | ) | (3.17 | ) See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. F- 4 Serve Robotics Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’
Equity (Deficit) For the Years Ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 Series Seed Preferred Stock | Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock | Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock | Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock | Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Subscription | Accumulated | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Receivable | Deficit | Equity (Deficit)
Balances at December 31, 2021 | 2,834,033 | $ | 283 | 2,440,411 | $ | 244 | 2,088,696 | $ | 209 | 357,836 | $ | 36 | 7,111,123 | $ | 711 | $ | 29,984,430 | $ | - | $ | (21,665,518 | ) | $ | 8,320,395
Issuance of Series Seed preferred stock | 257,639 | 26 | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 999,973 | - | - | 999,999
Restricted stock awards repurchased | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (287,591 | ) | (28 | ) | 28 | - | - | -
Vested restricted stock purchased with recourse notes | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 2,820 | - | 4,250 | (165,719 | ) | - | (161,469 | )
Warrants issued in connection with note payable | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 49,000 | - | - | 49,000
Stock-based compensation | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 195,056 | - | - | 195,056
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (21,855,127 | ) | (21,855,127 | )
Balances at December 31, 2022 | 3,091,672 | 309 | 2,440,411 | 244 | 2,088,696 | 209 | 357,836 | 36 | 6,826,352 | 683 | 31,232,737 | (165,719 | ) | (43,520,645 | ) | (12,452,146 | )
Issuance of common stock pursuant to private placement | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 3,040,140 | 304 | 12,160,256 | - | - | 12,160,560
Conversion of convertible note and derivative into common stock in connection with Merger | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 937,961 | 94 | 3,751,781 | - | - | 3,751,875
Conversion of SAFEs into common stock in connection with Merger | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 4,372,601 | 437 | 17,489,967 | - | - | 17,490,404
Conversion of preferred stock into common stock in connection with Merger | (3,091,672 | ) | (309 | ) | (2,440,411 | ) | (244 | ) | (2,088,696 | ) | (209 | ) | (357,836 | ) | (36 | ) | 7,978,616 | 798 | - | - | - | -
Patricia shares converted into common stock upon the Merger | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 1,500,000 | 150 | (150 | ) | - | - | -
Issuance of common stock pursuant to private placement offering, net of offering costs | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 143,531 | 14 | 574,110 | - | - | 574,124
Vested restricted stock purchased with recourse notes | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 11,194 | - | 13,735 | (3,897 | ) | - | 9,838
Restricted stock awards repurchased | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (319,118 | ) | (32 | ) | 29 | - | - | (3 | )
Warrants issued with convertible note | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 991,000 | - | - | 991,000
Exercise of warrants upon the Merger | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 17,518 | 2 | (2 | ) | - | - | -
Stock-based compensation | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | 544,375 | - | - | 544,375
Offering costs consists in connection with issuance of common stock pursuant to Merger | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (2,289,697 | ) | - | - | (2,289,697 | )
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (24,813,736 | ) | (24,813,736 | )
Balances at December 31, 2023 | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | 24,508,795 | $ | 2,450 | $ | 64,468,141 | $ | (169,616 | ) | $ | (68,334,381 | ) | $ | (4,033,406 | ) See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. F- 5 Serve Robotics Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 Year Ended December 31
2023 | 2022
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net loss | $ | (24,813,736 | ) | $ | (21,855,127 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Depreciation | 1,863,924 | 388,139
Stock-based compensation | 544,375 | 195,056
Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity | 1,672,706 | 265,744
Amortization of debt discount | 1,811,798 | 13,600
Change in fair value of derivative liability | 149,000 | -
Impairment of long-lived assets | 1,468,995 | -
Interest on recourse loan | (3,897 | ) | -
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable | 20,742 | (23,697 | )
Inventory | (156,087 | ) | (154,840 | )
Prepaid expenses | (595,630 | ) | (81,339 | )
Other current assets | - | 11,163
Accounts payable | 1,888,568 | (174,278 | )
Accrued liabilities | 228,020 | 37,434
Right of use liabilities, net | (49,656 | ) | (24,641 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (15,970,878 | ) | (21,402,786 | )
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of property and equipment | (4,914 | ) | (3,644,950 | )
Deposits | - | (416,012 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (4,914 | ) | (4,060,962 | )
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from simple agreement for future equity | 2,666,953 | 12,885,001
Proceeds from notes payable | 750,000 | 2,500,000
Repayments of notes payable | (1,750,000 | ) | (250,000 | )
Proceeds from convertible notes payable | 2,798,410 | -
Proceeds from notes payable, related party | 519,000 | -
Repayments of notes payable, related party | (449,000 | ) | -
Proceeds from lease liability financing | - | 4,455,852
Repayment of lease liability financing | (1,713,518 | ) | (378,524 | )
Issuance of restricted common stock, net of repurchases | (3 | ) | 1,278
Issuance of common stock pursuant to Merger and private placement, net of offering costs | 10,444,987 | -
Issuance of Series Seed preferred stock | - | 999,999
Net cash provided by financing activities | 13,266,829 | 20,213,606
Net change in cash and cash equivalents | (2,708,963 | ) | (5,250,142 | )
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year | 2,715,719 | 7,965,861
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year | 6,756 | 2,715,719
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | - | $ | -
Cash paid for interest | $ | 507,193 | $ | 622,730
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Restricted stock award liability | $ | - | $ | 162,747
Derivative liability in connection with convertible note | $ | 601,000 | $ | -
Debt discount issued as accrued liability | $ | 63,840 | $ | -
Conversion of simple agreement for future equity into common stock | $ | 17,490,404 | $ | -
Conversion of convertible note and derivative into common stock in connection with Merger | $ | 3,751,875 | $ | -
Warrants issued in connection with note payable | $ | 991,000 | $ | 49,000
Subscription receivable | $ | - | $ | 165,719 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial
statements. F- 6 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 1. | NATURE OF OPERATIONS, HISTORY, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS Serve Operating Co. (formerly known
as Serve Robotics Inc.) (the “Company” or “Serve”) is a corporation formed on January 15, 2021 under the
laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is developing next generation robots for last-mile delivery services. The Company is headquartered
in Redwood City, California. In February 2021, the Company entered
into a contribution and license agreement with Postmates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Postmates”). Pursuant
to the agreement, Postmates transferred over certain contracts and agreements, intellectual property and patents and hardware and equipment
to the Company. As the contribution was without consideration, the agreement did not have any effect on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. On July 31, 2023, Patricia’s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Serve Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Delaware on July 10, 2023 (“Acquisition
Sub”), merged with and into the Company. Pursuant to this transaction (the “Merger”), the Company was the surviving
corporation and became Patricia’s wholly owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted into shares
of Patricia’s common stock. All of Serve’s outstanding warrants and options were assumed by Patricia. In addition, on July 31,
2023, the board of directors of Patricia Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation incorporated on November 9, 2020 (“Patricia”)
and all of its pre-Merger stockholders approved a restated certificate of incorporation, which was effective upon its filing with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023, and through which Patricia changed its name to “Serve Robotics
Inc.” Following the consummation of the Merger, Serve changed its name to “Serve Operating Co.” As a result of the Merger, Patricia
acquired the business of Serve and will continue the existing business operations of Serve as a public reporting company under the name
Serve Robotics Inc. In accordance with “reverse merger” or “reverse acquisition” accounting treatment, the Company
was determined the accounting acquirer. Patricia’s historical financial statements before the Merger has been replaced with the
historical financial statements of Serve before the Merger in filings with the SEC since the Merger unless otherwise noted. 2. | GOING CONCERN The Company has evaluated whether
there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company sustained net losses of $24,813,736 and $21,855,127 during the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively, and had cash used in operations of $15,970,878 during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company requires
additional capital to operate and expects losses to continue for the foreseeable future. These factors raise substantial doubts about
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern until it reaches profitability is dependent upon its ability to generate cash from operating activities and to raise
additional capital to fund operations. Management plans to raise additional capital to fund operations through debt and/or equity financings.
Through the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements, the Company has raised $5.0 million in convertible promissory notes
(see Note 13). Our failure to raise additional capital could have a negative impact on not only our financial condition but also our
ability to execute our business plan. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company may not be able to obtain financing
on acceptable terms, or at all. F- 7 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 3. | REVERSE MERGER ACCOUNTING On July 31, 2023, Acquisition
Sub, merged with and into the Company. Pursuant to the Merger, the Company was the surviving corporation and became Patricia’s
wholly owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Serve was converted into shares of Patricia’s common stock. All of
Serve’s outstanding warrants and options were assumed by Patricia. Following the consummation of the Merger, Serve changed its
name to “Serve Operating Co.” The merger was accounted for as a
reverse-merger, and recapitalization in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”).
Serve Robotics Inc. was the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and Patricia was the acquired company. Consequently, the assets
and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the merger are those of Serve Robotics
Inc. and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of Serve Robotics Inc., and the financial statements after completion of the
merger include the assets and liabilities of Patricia and Serve Robotics Inc., historical operations of Serve Robotics Inc. and operations
of Patricia from the closing date of the merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of Patricia pre-merger were retroactively
restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the merger. In conjunction with the merger, the Company received no
cash and assumed no liabilities from Patricia Acquisition Corp. As a result of the Merger, each of
Serve’s shares of capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into the right
to receive 0.8035 shares of Patricia’s common stock (the “Common Share Conversion Ratio”). Accordingly, all share and
per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted
retroactively, where applicable, to reflect the Common Share Conversion Ratio. There was no effect on the number of shares of common
stock or preferred stock authorized for issuance under the Company’s certificate of incorporation or the par value of such securities. 4. | SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accounting and reporting policies
of the Company conform to GAAP. The Company’s fiscal year is December 31. Principles of Consolidation These consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Serve Operating Co. and Serve Robotics Canada Inc. All inter-company
transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. F- 8 Serve
 Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements Use of Estimates The preparation of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these financial
statements include, but are not limited to, impairment of long-lived assets, right-of-use assets and liabilities, stock-based compensation
and allocation of costs of revenue. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, known trends and other market-specific
or other relevant factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates
when there are changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. The Company generally maintains
balances in various operating accounts at financial institutions that management believes to be of high credit quality, in amounts that
may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to its cash and cash equivalents and does not
believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents were held at one accredited financial institution. Concentrations During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, one customer accounted for 71% and 50% of revenue, respectively. The loss of this customer may have a material effect
on the Company. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Fair Value Measurements Certain assets and liabilities of
the Company are carried at fair value under GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value are to be classified and disclosed
in one of the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy, of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered
unobservable: ● | Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. ● | Level 2—Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices), such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. ● | Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques. F- 9 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements The carrying values of the Company’s
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature
of these assets and liabilities. See Notes 5 and 8 for fair value disclosures
of future equity obligations. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are derived from
services delivered to customers and are stated at their net realizable value. The Company accounts for allowance for doubtful accounts
under Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 310-10-35. Each month, the Company reviews its receivables on a customer-by-customer
basis and evaluates whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is necessary based on any known or perceived collection issues. Any balances
that are eventually deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and
the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company determined there was no allowance for
doubtful accounts necessary. Inventory Inventory is stated at the lower of
cost or market value and accounted for using the specific identification cost method. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, inventory primarily
consists of robotic component parts from the Company’s suppliers. Management reviews its inventory for obsolescence and impairment
annually and did not record a reserve for obsolete inventory for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life
of the asset, which is three (3) to five (5) years for office equipment and two (2) years for the Company’s robot assets. Estimated
useful lives are periodically assessed to determine if changes are appropriate. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost of these assets and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated
from the balance sheets and any resulting gains or losses are included in the statement of operations in the period of disposal. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company accounts for long-lived
assets in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35, Property, Plant and Equipment, Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived
Assets. The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of long-lived
assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of long-lived
assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If
the total of the future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based
on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying
amount or the fair value less costs to sell. At December 31, 2023, management determined
that certain events and circumstances occurred that indicated that the carrying value of the Company’s robot assets may not be
recoverable. Based on the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining depreciable life, management determined an impairment of the remaining
carrying value totaling $1,468,995 was necessary. F- 10 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements Deferred Offering Costs The Company complies with the requirements
of ASC 340-10-S99-1 with regards to offering costs. Prior to the completion of an offering, offering costs are capitalized. The deferred
offering costs are charged to additional paid-in capital or as a discount to debt, as applicable, upon the completion of an offering
or to expense if the offering is not completed. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no deferred offering costs. Convertible Instruments GAAP requires companies to bifurcate
conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments according to certain
criteria. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument
are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies
both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted
accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same
terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. An exception to this rule is when the host
instrument is deemed to be conventional as that term is described under applicable GAAP. Subscription Receivable The Company records stock issuances
at the effective date. If the subscription is not funded upon issuance, the Company records a subscription receivable as an asset on
a balance sheet, except when subscription receivable is not received prior to the issuance of financial statements at a reporting date
in satisfaction of the requirements under ASC 505-10-45-2, in which case, the subscription is reclassified as a contra account to stockholders’
equity (deficit) on the consolidated balance sheet. Accounting for Preferred Stock ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity, includes standards for how an issuer of equity (including equity shares issued by consolidated entities) classifies and
measures on its consolidated balance sheet certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. Management is required to determine
the presentation for the preferred stock as a result of the redemption and conversion provisions, among other provisions in the agreement.
Specifically, management is required to determine whether the embedded conversion feature in the preferred stock is clearly and closely
related to the host instrument, and whether the bifurcation of the conversion feature is required and whether the conversion feature
should be accounted for as a derivative instrument. If the host instrument and conversion feature are determined to be clearly and closely
related (both more akin to equity), derivative liability accounting under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, is not required. Management
determined that the host contract of the preferred stock is more akin to equity, and accordingly, liability accounting is not required
by the Company. The Company has presented preferred stock within stockholders’ equity. Costs incurred directly for the issuance
of the preferred stock are recorded as a reduction of gross proceeds received by the Company, resulting in a discount to the preferred
stock. The discount is not amortized. F- 11 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (“ASC 718”). The Company measures all stock-based
awards granted to employees, directors and non-employee consultants based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes compensation
expense for those awards over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. For awards
with service-based vesting conditions, the Company records the expense for using the straight-line method. For awards with performance-based
vesting conditions, the Company records the expense if and when the Company concludes that it is probable that the performance condition
will be achieved. The Company classifies stock-based
compensation expense in its statement of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient’s payroll costs are classified
or in which the award recipient’s service payments are classified. The fair value of each stock option
grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company historically has been a private company
and lacks company-specific historical and implied volatility information for its stock. Therefore, it estimates its expected stock price
volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and expects to continue to do so until such time as it
has adequate historical data regarding the volatility of its own traded stock price. The expected term of the Company’s stock options
has been determined utilizing the “simplified” method for awards that qualify as “plain-vanilla” options. The
risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time
periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never
paid cash dividends on common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Forfeitures are recognized
as incurred. Determining the appropriate fair value of stock-based awards requires the input of subjective assumptions. The assumptions
used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent management’s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management’s judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different assumptions, stock-based
compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. Revenue Recognition The Company accounts for revenue under
ASC 606 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps: ● | Identification of a contract with a customer; ● | Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; ● | Determination of the transaction price; ● | Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and ● | Recognition of revenue when or as the performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue is recognized when control
of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be
entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. As a practical expedient, the Company does not adjust the transaction price for
the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods
or services is expected to be one year or less. To date, the Company has generated
initial revenues from its delivery services as well as branding fees. For delivery services, the Company satisfies its performance obligation
when the delivery is complete, which is the point in time control of the delivered product transfers to the customer. The Company recognizes
branding fees over time as performance obligations are completed over the term of the agreement. F- 12 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements During the year ended December 31,
2023, delivery revenue was $146,462, branding fees were $45,250 and other revenue was $15,833, respectively. During the year ended December
31, 2022, delivery revenue was $54,423 and branding fees were $53,575, respectively. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue consists primarily
of allocations of depreciation on robot assets used for revenue-producing activities, personnel time related to revenue-producing activities,
and costs related to data, software and similar costs that allow the robots to function as intended and for the Company to communicate
with the robots while in service. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses include
personnel costs and public relations expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in sales and marketing expenses.
Advertising expense were approximately $184,000 and $128,000 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Operations Operations expenses primarily consist of costs for field
operations personnel. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses
primarily consist of personnel-related expenses for executive management and administrative functions, including finance and accounting,
legal, and human resources, as well as general corporate expenses and general insurance. General and administrative expenses also include
depreciation on property and equipment as well as amortization of right of use assets. These costs are expensed as incurred. Research and Development Costs Costs incurred in the research and
development of the Company’s products are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include product design, hardware
and software costs. Leases The Company accounts for leases under
ASC 842 – Leases. The company does not apply the recognition requirements for leases with a term of twelve months or less. The Company determines if an arrangement
is a lease, or includes an embedded lease, at inception for each contract or agreement. A contract is or contains an embedded lease if
the contract meets all of the below criteria: (i) | there is an identified asset (ii) | the Company obtains substantially all of the economic benefits of the asset (iii) | the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset F- 13 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements The Company’s operating lease
agreements include office and warehouse space. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and operating
lease liabilities represent the obligation to make payments arising from the lease or embedded lease. Operating lease ROU assets and
operating lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over
the lease term. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate that is based on the estimated
rate of interest for a collateralized borrowing of a similar asset, using a similar term as the lease payments at the commencement date.
Indirect capital costs are capitalized and included in the ROU assets at commencement. The operating lease ROU assets and
operating lease liabilities include any lease payments made, including any variable amounts that are based on an index or rate, and exclude
lease incentives. Variability that is not due to an index or rate, such as payments made based on hourly rates, are excluded from the
lease liability. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Renewal option periods are included
within the lease term and the associated payments are recognized in the measurement of the operating ROU asset and operating lease liability
when they are at our discretion and considered reasonably certain of being exercised. Over the lease term, the Company uses the effective
interest rate method to account for the lease liability as lease payments are made and the ROU asset is amortized in a manner that results
in straight-line expense recognition. (See Note 12). Income Taxes The Company uses the liability method
of accounting for income taxes as set forth in ASC 740, Income Taxes. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based
on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in
effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is unlikely that the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based
upon our evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. In accordance with ASC 740-10, for those
tax positions where there is a greater than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, the Company’s policy will be to
record the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority
that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where there is less than 50% likelihood that a tax
benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit will be recognized in the financial statements. Net Loss per Share Net earnings or loss per share is
computed by dividing net income or loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding shares
subject to redemption or forfeiture. The Company presents basic and diluted net earnings or loss per share. Diluted net earnings or loss
per share reflect the actual weighted average of common shares issued and outstanding during the period, adjusted for potentially dilutive
securities outstanding. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation of the diluted net loss per share if their
inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As all potentially dilutive securities are anti-dilutive as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, diluted
net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for each year. Potentially dilutive items outstanding as of December 31, 2023
and 2022 is as follows: December 31,
2023 | 2022
Series Seed preferred stock (convertible to common stock) | - | 3,091,672
Series Seed-1 preferred stock (convertible to common stock) | - | 2,440,412
Series Seed-2 preferred stock (convertible to common stock) | - | 2,088,696
Series Seed-3 preferred stock (convertible to common stock) | - | 357,836
Common stock warrants | 1,090,272 | 54,203
Preferred stock warrants | - | 128,819
Stock options | 1,515,386 | 861,309
Unvested restricted common stock | 324,019 | -
Total potentially dilutive shares | 2,929,677 | 9,022,947 F- 14 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements Excluded in the table of December
31, 2022 are the number of shares that would be issuable upon the conversion of Simple Agreements for Future Equity, for which the number
of shares are indeterminable as of December 31, 2022. Upon consummation of the Merger, all outstanding SAFEs were converted into 4,372,601 shares
of common stock (see Notes 5, 8 and 9). Upon the Merger, all outstanding shares
of preferred stock were converted into an aggregate of 7,978,616 shares of common stock. Furthermore, all outstanding warrants to purchase
shares of Series Seed preferred stock were converted into 128,819 warrants to purchase shares of common stock. Recently Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements Management does not believe that any
other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards could have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.
As new accounting pronouncements are issued, the Company will adopt those that are applicable under the circumstances. 5. | FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company’s financial assets
and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis and the level of inputs used for such measurements were as follows: Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Using:
Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Liabilities:
Simple agreement for future equity | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Derivative liability | - | - | - | -
$ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2022 Using:
Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Liabilities:
Simple agreement for future equity | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 13,150,745 | $ | 13,150,745
$ | - | $ | - | $ | 13,150,745 | $ | 13,150,745 Simple Agreements for Future
Equity The Company measures the simple agreements
for future equity (“SAFE or “SAFEs”) at fair value based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which
causes it to be classified as a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation of the future equity obligations
uses assumptions and estimates the Company believes would be made by a market participant in making the same valuation. The Company assesses
these assumptions and estimates on an on-going basis as additional data impacting the assumptions and estimates are obtained.
Changes in the fair value of the simple agreements for future equity related to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized within
the statements of operations. The simple agreements for future equity
may change significantly as additional data is obtained, impacting the Company’s assumptions regarding probabilities of outcomes
used to estimate the fair value of the liability. In evaluating this information, considerable judgment is required to interpret the
data used to develop the assumptions and estimates. The estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts that could be realized
in a current market exchange. Accordingly, the use of different market assumptions and/or different valuation techniques may have a material
effect on the estimated fair value amounts, and such changes could materially impact the Company’s results of operations in future
periods. The Company utilized a probability-weighted
average approach based on the estimated market value of the underlying securities and the potential settlement outcomes of the simple
agreements for future equity, including a liquidity event or future equity financing as well as other settlement alternatives. Both the
market value of the underlying securities and the probability of settlement outcomes include unobservable Level 3 inputs. F- 15 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements As of December 31, 2022, the Company
assumed a 85% probability of a liquidity and/or equity financing events as the primary ultimate settlement outcomes of the future equity
obligations. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Company revalued the remaining outstanding SAFEs using a 100% probability of an equity
financing and $4.00 as the fair value of the underlying common stock (see Note 9). Upon the Merger, the SAFEs converted into 4,372,601
shares of common stock at a fair value of $17,490,404. Derivative Liability In connection with the Company’s
convertible notes, the Company recorded a derivative liability (see Note 7). The estimated fair value of the derivative liability is
recorded using significant unobservable measures and other fair value inputs and is therefore classified as a Level 3 financial instrument. The fair value of the derivative liability
is valued using a probability-weighted scenario analysis utilizing the terms of the notes and assumptions regarding cash settlement or
conversion to equity. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Company determined a 100% probability of conversion into equity. The following table sets forth a summary
of changes in the fair value of our Level 3 financial instrument liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: Simple Agreement For | Embedded Derivative
Future Equity | Liability | Total
Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Issuance of simple agreements for future equity | 12,885,001 | - | 12,885,001
Change in fair value | 265,744 | - | 265,744
Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 | 13,150,745 | - | 13,150,745
Issuance of simple agreements for future equity | 2,666,953 | - | 2,666,953
Issuance of embedded derivative liability | - | 601,000 | 601,000
Change in fair value | 1,672,706 | 149,000 | 1,821,706
Conversion to common stock upon Merger | (17,490,404 | ) | (750,000 | ) | (18,240,404 | )
Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - 6. | PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET The following is a summary of property
and equipment: December 31,
2023 | 2022
Office equipment | $ | 250,661 | $ | 245,747
Robot assets | 2,092,293 | 3,561,288
Total | 2,342,954 | 3,807,035
Less: accumulated depreciation | (2,294,532 | ) | (430,608 | )
Property and equipment, net | $ | 48,422 | $ | 3,376,427 Depreciation expense was $1,863,924
and $388,139 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company
fully impaired the carrying amount of the robot assets pursuant to its annual impairment assessment. The Company recorded an impairment
expense of $1,468,995. F- 16 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 7. | NOTE PAYABLE Silicon Valley Bank In March 2022, the Company entered
into a promissory note with Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) for a principal amount of $2,500,000. The note matures on March 1,
2025 and bears interest at the greater of 3.25% or prime rate. The loan had interest-only payments through September 2022, and then requires
monthly principal payments of $83,333, plus interest, beginning October 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company made repayments of $1,000,000 and $250,000, and $1,250,000 and $2,250,000 remained outstanding, all respectively. Interest expense
was $72,639 and $58,463 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, all of which were paid. The note is subject to
subordination related to financed assets of the Company. In connection with the note, the Company
issued SVB 40,292 warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $0.49 per share, are immediately exercisable
and have a term of 12 years. The fair value of the warrant was $49,000, which was recognized as a debt discount and will be amortized
to interest expense over the life of the note. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, amortization of debt discount was $16,333
and $13,600, respectively. During 2023, SVB exercised 40,292 warrants through a cashless exercise, which resulted in the issuance of
17,518 shares of the Company’s common stock. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
note payable, net of unamortized discount of $19,067 and $35,400, was $1,230,933 and 2,214,600, all respectively. Short-Term Notes Prior to the Merger, the Company received
$750,000 in proceeds from short-term notes. The loans accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 18% per annum. Each
holder of the notes (with the exception of one) was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal amount of such holder’s
note, less the total amount of interest that accrued on such note prior to the closing of the Merger (the “Exit Fee”). Upon
the Merger, the Company fully repaid the notes and exit fee for a total of $870,015. Convertible Note Payable In April 2023, the Company entered
into bridge financing totaling $3,001,500 in principal for which the Company received $2,798,410 in net proceeds (the “April Notes”),
after deducting offering costs of $203,090. The April Notes bore interest at 10% per annum and were payable six months from the date
of the bridge financing, subject to conversion. The April Notes were convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal
to 80% of the price per the PIPE offering (the “Private Placement”), which initially closed simultaneously with the Merger
on July 31, 2023 (see Note 9). Upon the closing of the Merger and the initial closing of the Private Placement, the outstanding principal
amount of the Bridge Notes was automatically converted into 937,961 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $3.20 per share.
Furthermore, accrued interest on the April Notes were forgiven; therefore, no interest was recognized as of the closing of the Merger. F- 17 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements The Company evaluated the terms of
the conversion features of the April Notes as noted above in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815 – 40, Derivatives and Hedging –
Contracts in Entity’s Own Stock, and determined they are not indexed to the Company’s common stock and that the conversion
feature, which is akin to a redemption feature, meet the definition of a liability. The notes contain an indeterminate number of shares
to settle with conversion options outside of the Company’s control. Therefore, the Company bifurcated the conversion feature and
accounted for it as a separate derivative liability. Upon issuance of the April Notes, the Company recognized a derivative liability
at a fair value of $601,000 (see Note 5), which was recorded as a debt discount and was amortized over the life of the notes. Upon the
Merger and the Private Placement, the derivative liability had a fair value of $750,000, which was recorded to additional paid-in capital
in connection with the conversion of the underlying notes. For the year ended December 31, 2023,
the Company amortized $804,465 of the debt discount to interest expense. Upon the Merger, the outstanding balances were converted to
937,961 shares of common stock, and there were no remaining balances due. In connection with the April Notes,
the Company recorded a charge of $991,000 based on contingent warrants issued upon conversion. See Note 10. Note Payable – Related
Party In June and July 2023, the Company
issued senior secured promissory notes with its Chief Executive Officer for which the Company received $449,000 in proceeds. The notes
bore interest at 7.67% per annum. In connection with these notes, the
Company agreed to pay an exit fee upon repayment of the note equal to 16% of the principal, less the total interest that accrued until
repayment. Upon the Merger, the Company fully repaid the notes and exit fee for a total of $520,840. In December 2023, the Company issued
a senior secured promissory note to its Chief Executive Officer for which Serve received $70,000 in proceeds. The note bore interest
at 7.67% per annum. The note was outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and fully repaid on January 3, 2024. 8. | FUTURE EQUITY OBLIGATIONS During 2022, the Company issued SAFEs
for an aggregate purchase amount of $12,885,001 to investors of Serve (the “2022 SAFEs”). The 2022 agreements, which provide
the right of the investors to future equity in the Company, were subject to a valuation cap of $65.0 million with an 80% discount rate
for $2,300,000 of the purchase amount with the remaining agreements being uncapped with a 90% discount rate. The agreements had
a discount rate of 80%. In 2023, the Company entered into
SAFEs for aggregate purchase amounts of $2,666,953. The 2023 agreements, which provide the right of the investors to future equity in
the Company, were subject to a valuation cap of $65 million. The agreements had a discount rate of 80%. F- 18 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements In 2023, the terms of certain 2022
SAFE agreements were modified where previously uncapped agreements were amended to a valuation cap of $80 million. Furthermore, the discount
rates were amended from 90% to 80%. The amendments were accounted for as a modification. The SAFEs were marked-to-market, and the effects
of modification was included in the change in fair value of SAFEs for the year ended December 31, 2023. Upon the Merger in July 2023, all
remaining outstanding SAFEs were converted into 4,372,601 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the fair value of SAFEs was $0 and $13,150,745, respectively. See Note 6 for fair value disclosures. 9. | STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock Before the consummation of the Merger,
the Company had issued Series Seed, Series Seed-1, Series Seed-2 and Series Seed-3 convertible preferred stock (collectively referred
to as “Pre-Merger Preferred Stock”). The Company’s certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated, had authorized
the Company to issue a total of 10,090,150 shares of Pre-Merger Preferred Stock, of which 4,008,079 shares were designated as Series Seed
Preferred Stock, 3,037,227 shares were designated as Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, 2,599,497 shares were designated as Series Seed-2
Preferred Stock and 445,347 shares were designated as Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock have a par value of $0.0001
per share. The liquidation preferences were as
follows: December 31,
2023 | 2022
Series Seed preferred stock | $ | - | $ | 11,999,997
Series Seed-1 preferred stock | - | 3,699,950
Series Seed-2 preferred stock | - | 5,674,962
Series Seed-3 preferred stock | - | 1,250,000
$ | - | $ | 22,624,909 Upon the Merger, there were 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, authorized for issuance. Transactions In February 2022, the Company issued
257,639 shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of $999,999, or $3.88 per share. Upon consummation of the Merger in
July 2023, all shares of Serve Preferred Stock were converted into 7,978,616 shares of common stock of the newly merged entity. Common Stock Upon the Merger, the Company has authorized
300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. F- 19 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Dividend Rights Subject to applicable law and the
rights and preferences, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock are entitled
to receive dividends if our Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that
our Board may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. Voting Rights Holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law,
holders of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including
any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding
series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders
of one or more other such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the amended and restated certificate (including any certificate
of designation relating to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able
to elect all of our directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation establishes a classified board of directors, divided
into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders,
with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Transactions Immediately following the Merger,
the Company issued 2,782,378 shares of common stock pursuant to a private placement offering for gross proceeds of $11,129,512, or at
a purchase price of $4.00 per share. On August 31, 2023, the Company issued an additional 257,762 shares of common stock pursuant to
the private placement offering for gross proceeds of $1,031,048, or $4.00 per share. The private placement offerings are referred to
herein as the “Private Placement.” Upon consummation of the Merger, Patricia’s
predecessor shares converted into 1,500,000 shares of common stock of the newly merged entity. Upon consummation of the Merger, all
outstanding SAFEs were converted into 4,372,601 shares of common stock (see Notes 5 and 8). Upon consummation of the Merger, the
outstanding convertible note was converted into 937,961 shares of common stock (see Note 7). Upon consummation of the Merger, all
shares of Serve Preferred Stock were converted into 7,978,616 shares of common stock. On October 26, 2023, the Company completed
a subsequent closing of the Private Placement and issued 143,531 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $574,124, or $4.00 per
share. The Company received $529,127 in net proceeds. F- 20 Serve
 Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Restricted Common Stock During 2022, the Company issued 338,121
shares of restricted common stock for recourse notes totaling $164,116. The shares were issued with a corresponding note receivable,
a recourse loan that was collateralized by the underlying shares. The Company plans to enforce the recourse terms for the holders. As
such, in accordance with ASC 505-10-45-2, the Company recognized a subscription receivable of $165,719, inclusive of interest on the
note, which is included as a contra-equity on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded a corresponding restricted stock
award liability of $162,747 for the potential settlement if the call right for the shares of restricted common stock is exercised and
unvested shares repurchased. The Company reduced the liability and increased additional paid-in capital for the value of the note associated
with vested shares no longer subject to the call right. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, 11,194 and 2,820 shares of
restricted common stock vested for a value of $13,735 and $4,250, all respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the subscription
receivable balance was $169,616 and 165,719 and the corresponding restricted stock award liability were $158,617 and 162,747, all respectively. Prior to December 31, 2023, the Company
has issued 6,842,490 shares of common stock subject to vesting requirements, whereby the Company can repurchase unvested shares at its
option upon an employees termination. As of December 31, 2023, 2,877,761 shares remained unvested and will vest over approximately 1.6
years. During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation pertaining to vesting of restricted common stock of $263,893 and $141,446,
respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted common stock amounted to approximately $638,000 as
of December 31, 2023. During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, the Company repurchased restricted stock awards of 319,118 and 287,591 shares of common stock, respectively, for nominal
value. Warrants Upon the consummation of the Merger,
(i) warrants to purchase 17,314 shares of Serve’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger
were assumed and converted into warrants to purchase 13,911 shares of Patricia’s common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase 160,323
shares of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were assumed
and converted into warrants to purchase 128,819 shares of Patricia’s common stock. In connection with the April Notes
(see Note 7), the Company granted each holder warrants to purchase common stock equal to 50% of the number of shares of common stock
into which the loan is convertible at an exercise price of $3.20 per share. Furthermore, the Company granted warrants to the Bridge Brokers
equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock into which April Notes, other than those purchased by insider investors, would convert
at the closing of the Merger, with an exercise price of $3.20 per share. As the issuance of the warrants noted above were contingent
on the closing of the Merger, they were not considered granted until July 31, 2023. Upon the closing of the Merger, the Company issued
468,971 warrants to the holders of the April Notes and 74,662 warrants to the Bridge Brokers. The Company calculated the fair value of
the warrants using a Black-Scholes pricing model. The Company valued the warrants using a common stock fair value of $4.00, exercise
price of $3.20 per share, a term of five years, a volatility of 75% and a risk-free interest rate of 4.18%. The Company recognized a
note discount for $991,000 in relation to the warrants, which was immediately recognized in interest expense as of the note conversion
date on July 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, all of the warrants were outstanding and were immediately exercisable. In connection with the Private Placement
as of December 31, 2023, the Company granted an additional 403,909 warrants to purchase common stock to the placement agents. Of these,
153,909 warrants had an exercise price of $4.00 per share and 250,000 warrants had an exercise price of $0.001 per share. The warrants
are immediately exercisable. The warrants are both an increase to additional paid-in capital and net against the proceeds of the offering
for a net zero effect to additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2023, there were
an aggregate of 1,090,272 warrants to purchase common stock outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of $2.67 per share and
a weighted-average remaining term of 3.2 years. F- 21 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 10. | STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 2023 Equity Incentive Plan The 2023
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”) permits the grant of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation
rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and stock bonus awards (all such types of
awards, collectively, “stock awards”). Subject to
adjustments as set forth in the 2023 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2023 Plan
will not exceed 1,594,800 shares. The shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired common stock. Furthermore, subject to adjustments
as set forth in the 2023 Plan, in no event shall the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2023 Plan pursuant
to Incentive Stock Options exceed the number set forth above plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, any shares that again become available for issuance pursuant to the 2023 Plan. The number
of shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan may, at the discretion of the Plan Administrator (as defined below), be increased
on October 1st of each fiscal year beginning with the 2023 fiscal year until the 2023 Plan terminates, in each case, in an amount equal
to the lesser of (i) at the discretion of our Board, 4% of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the last day of the immediately
preceding month on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis and (ii) such other number of shares determined by our Board. To the extent,
stock awards or awards or shares issued under the 2021 Plan that are assumed by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement (“Existing
Plan Awards”) expire or are forfeited or becomes unexerciseable for any reason without having been exercised in full, or are surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program (as defined in the 2023 Plan), the unissued shares that were subject thereto shall continue to be available
under the 2023 Plan for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. In addition, any shares which are retained by us upon exercise of a
stock award or Existing Plan Award in order to satisfy the exercise or purchase price for such stock award or Existing Plan Award or
any withholding taxes due with respect to such stock award or Existing Plan Award shall be treated as not issued and shall continue to
be available under the 2023 Plan for issuance pursuant to future stock awards. Shares issued under the 2023 Plan or an Existing Plan
Award and later forfeited to us due to the failure to vest or repurchased by us at the original purchase price paid to us for the shares
(including without limitation upon forfeiture to or repurchase by us in connection with a participant ceasing to be a service provider)
shall again be available for future grant under the 2023 Plan. To the extent a stock award under the 2023 Plan or Existing Plan Award
is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares available for issuance under
the 2023 Plan. Serve Robotics 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan The Company has adopted the Serve
Robotics 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (“2021 Plan”), as amended and restated, which provides for the grant of shares of stock
options and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) and restricted common shares to employees, non-employee directors, and non-employee
consultants. The number of shares authorized by the 2021 Plan was 4,870,663 shares as of December 31, 2023. The option exercise price
generally may not be less than the underlying stock’s fair market value at the date of the grant and generally have a term of ten
years. The amounts granted each calendar year to an employee or non-employee is limited depending on the type of award. As of December
31, 2023, there were 38,582 shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2021 Plan typically vest
over a four-year period, with a one-year cliff as well as via specified milestones. F- 22 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements A summary of information related to
stock options for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: Options | Weighted Average Exercise Price | Intrinsic Value
Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 | 590,073 | $ | 0.49 | $ | -
Granted | 639,682 | $ | 0.49
Exercised | - | -
Forfeited | (368,446 | )
Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 | 861,309 | $ | 0.49 | $ | -
Granted | 765,477 | $ | 0.75
Exercised | - | -
Forfeited | (111,400 | ) | $ | 0.60
Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 | 1,515,386 | $ | 0.61 | $ | 5,111,928
Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 | 722,264 | $ | 0.66 | $ | 2,413,853
Exercisable and expected to vest at December 31, 2023 | 1,515,386 | $ | 0.61 | $ | 5,111,928 As of December 31, 2023, the weighted
average duration to expiration of outstanding options was 8.50 years. Stock-based compensation expense for
stock options of $280,482 and $57,860 was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards amounted to approximately $356,000 as of December 31, 2023, which will be
recognized over a weighted average period of 2.50 years. The stock options were valued using
the Black-Scholes pricing model using the range of inputs as indicated below: Years Ended
December 31,
2023 | 2022
Risk-free interest rate | 3.58% - 3.91 | % | 2.98 | %
Expected term (in years) | 5.52-6.27 | 6.0-6.3
Expected volatility | 75.0 | % | 79.1 | %
Expected dividend yield | 0 | % | 0 | % The weighted average grant date fair
value of options granted during 2023 and 2023 were $0.41 and $0.27, respectively. Classification Stock-based compensation
expense for stock options and restricted common stock (Note 9) was classified in the statements of operations as follows: Years Ended
December 31,
2023 | 2022
General and administrative | $ | 59,002 | $ | 23,650
Operations | 49,139 | 14,625
Research and development | 416,838 | 152,739
Sales and marketing | 19,396 | 4,042
$ | 544,375 | $ | 195,056 F- 23 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 11. | INCOME TAXES Deferred taxes are recognized for
temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The differences relate
primarily to net operating loss carryforwards and temporary differences from capitalized research and development costs under tax purposes.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance of $14,412,164 and $9,026,439, respectively.
The following table presents the deferred tax assets and liabilities by source: December 31,
2023 | 2022
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards | $ | 11,896,550 | $ | 8,940,441
Capitalized research and development costs | 2,516,557 | -
Other temporary differences | (943 | ) | 85,998
Valuation allowance | (14,412,164 | ) | (9,026,439 | )
Net deferred tax assets | $ | - | $ | - The Company recognizes deferred tax
assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the
Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. The Company assessed the need for a valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets and determined a full valuation allowance is required due to taxable losses for the periods
ended 2023 and 2022, cumulative losses through December 31, 2022, and no history of generating taxable income. Therefore, valuation allowances
of $14,412,164 and $9,026,439 were recorded as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Valuation allowance increased by $5,385,725
and $6,043,682 during the periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Deferred tax assets were calculated using the
Company’s combined effective tax rate, which it estimated to be 28.0%. The effective rate is reduced to 0% due to the full valuation
allowance on its net deferred tax assets. The Company’s ability to utilize
net operating loss carryforwards will depend on its ability to generate adequate future taxable income. At December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company had net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income in the amount of $42,321,416 and $31,805,199,
respectively, and net operating loss carryforwards do not expire under current tax regulations. The Company has evaluated its income
tax positions and has determined that it does not have any uncertain tax positions. The Company will recognize interest and penalties
related to any uncertain tax positions through its income tax expense. The Company may in the future become
subject to federal, state and local income taxation though it has not been since its inception, other than minimum state tax. The Company
is not presently subject to any income tax audit in any taxing jurisdiction, though its 2021-2023 tax years remain open to examination. 12. | COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Leases – Right
of Use Asset and Liability The Company has three leases for office
and warehouse space with monthly ranging from $9,862 to $18,358, and terms expiring prior to August 31, 2025. F- 24 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements The components of lease costs are as follows: Years Ended
Financial Statement | December 31,
Type | Line Item | 2023 | 2022
Operating lease | General and administrative | $ | 49,810 | $ | 621,388
Operating lease | Operations | 665,961 | -
Operating lease | Research and development | 217,890 | -
Total lease costs | $ | 933,661 | $ | 621,388 Supplemental cash flow information related to
leases are as follows: Years Ended
December 31,
2023 | 2022
Operating cash flows paid for operating leases | $ | 550,470 | $ | 381,457
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations | $ | - | $ | 1,535,230 Supplemental information related to leases are
as follows: December 31,
2023 | 2022
Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) | 1.30 | 2.30
Weighted-average discount rate | 7.25 | % | 7.25 | % Future minimum payments under operating leases
as of December 31, 2023, are as follows: 2024 | $ | 527,983
2025 | 214,775
Total undiscounted future cash flows | 742,758
Less: imputed interest | (34,614 | )
Total | $ | 708,144 Finance Lease –
Failed Sales-Leaseback In November 2022, the Company entered
into a lease agreement with Farnam Capital for its second-generation of robot assets. As per ASC 842-40-25-1, the transaction was considered
a failed sales-leaseback and therefore the lease was accounted for as a financing agreement. In total, the Company received proceeds
of $4,455,852 related to robot assets constructed with the same value that are held as collateral. The agreement calls for monthly payments
through October 31, 2024 of $189,262 and required a security deposit of $378,524. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company made repayments totaling $1,713,521 and $378,524, respectively. The outstanding liability at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was
$2,363,807 and $4,077,328, respectively. The Company has the option to purchase the assets at the end of the lease for 45% of the original
equipment cost, and there was a partial purchase of 20%. In December 2023, the Company entered into a modification that would modify
and extend the lease payments subject to certain conditions being met; however, based on the terms of the modification as of December
31, 2023, all remaining lease payments were to be in 2024. Minimum Purchase Commitments On December 31, 2021, the Company
entered into a strategic supply agreement with a manufacturer of component parts used for the Company’s robot assets. The agreement
calls for a minimum of $2.30 million in purchases over a two-year period ending December 2023. At the end of the two-year period,
the vendor may invoice the Company for any shortfall in orders. As of December 31, 2023, the minimum purchase commitment was extended
one year. Contingencies The Company may be subject to pending
legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business. The results of such proceedings cannot be predicted with
certainty, but the Company does not anticipate that the final outcome arising out of any such matters will have a material adverse effect
on its business, financial condition or results of operations. F- 25 Serve Robotics Inc. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 13. | SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Management has evaluated subsequent
events through February 29, 2024, the date the condensed financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation,
no material events were identified which require adjustment or disclosure in these condensed financial statements, other than as reported
below. Convertible Debt At an initial closing on January 2,
2024 and subsequent closings on January 12, 2024, January 22, 2024 and January 26, 2024, the Company issued to certain accredited investors
convertible promissory notes, for which the Company received an aggregate of $5.0 million in proceeds. The convertible promissory notes
bear interest at a rate of 6.00% per year, compounded annually, and are due and payable upon request by each investor on or after the
12-month anniversary of the original issuance date of each note. The Company may not prepay or repay the notes in cash without the consent
of the investors. The notes convert upon a qualified offering into common stock at the lesser of the price paid per share multiplied
by 75% or the quotient resulting from dividing $80,000,000 by the outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis prior to
the financing. If the Company consummates a financing that does not constitute a qualified financing, the holders can elect to treat
such as a qualified financing and convert at the same terms as if such was a qualified financing. The holders may also elect to convert,
at any time, at a quotient by dividing $80,000,000 by the outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis. License and Services Agreement On February 20, 2024, Serve entered
into a License and Services Agreement (the “LSA”) with Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. (“Magna”) as a part of a
strategic partnership with Magna. Pursuant to the LSA, Serve, as an independent contractor of Magna, agreed to (i) grant a non-exclusive
license to the Serve AMR Technology in the Licensed Fields of Use (each as defined in the LSA) to Magna and its affiliates and (ii) provide
all reasonable engineering, technical and related support services that Magna may request from time to time in writing and in furtherance
of commercialization of the Serve AMR Technology and products (including software) using, practicing, or incorporating the Serve AMR
Technology, and manufactured using, practicing or incorporating the Serve AMR Technology (such services and support, the “Development
Services”). Except as expressly set forth in the LSA, any Development Services shall be provided under the MSA (as defined below)
and, if expired or terminated, under terms and conditions that are consistent with the terms therein. The term of the LSA will continue
unless terminated by either party pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the LSA. Master Services Agreement On February 1, 2024, Serve entered
into a Master Services Agreement (the “MSA”) with Magna, retroactively effective as of January 15, 2024 (the “Effective
Date”). Pursuant to the MSA, Serve agreed to provide certain services to Magna as described in one or more statements of work (“SOWs”).
Such SOWs will contain a description of the scope, the time to be spent on performance, the fees to be paid to Serve, the functional
requirements and technical specifications and, to the extent applicable, the timetable, schedule or milestones for the performance of
the requested services. Serve and Magna entered into the first SOW on the Effective Date. The term of the MSA commenced on the Effective
Date and will continue for a term of three months, unless terminated earlier or mutually extended in accordance with its terms. In connection with the strategic partnership
with Magna, on February 7, 2024, we issued to Magna a warrant (the “Magna Warrant”) to purchase up to 2,145,000 shares of
our common stock (the “Magna Warrant Shares”), subject to adjustments as provided therein, at an exercise price of $0.01
per share. The Magna Warrant will be exercisable
in two equal tranches: (i) the first tranche will become exercisable no later than May 15, 2024, subject to certain conditions; and (ii)
the second tranche will become exercisable upon Magna’s achievement of a certain manufacturing milestone as set forth in a production
and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect to the contract manufacturing of our autonomous delivery robots by Magna or its
affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Magna Warrant Shares will vest and become exercisable upon any “change of control”
(as defined in the Magna Warrant). F- 26 8,888,889
Shares Common Stock Prospectus Aegis Capital Corp. , 2024 PART II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance
and Distribution. The following table sets forth the estimated
fees and expenses payable by us in connection with the offering of the securities being registered. All amounts shown are estimates except
for the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and the Nasdaq listing fee. SEC registration fee | $ | 6,790
Nasdaq listing fee | 75,000
FINRA filing fee | 6,590
Accounting fees and expenses | 20,000
Legal fees and expenses | 1,150,000
Transfer agent and registrar fees | 2,500
Miscellaneous fees and expenses | 10,000
Printing expenses | 9,000
Total | $ | 1,279,880 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors
and Officers. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”), authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors
and officers under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations. The terms of Section 145 of the DGCL are sufficiently
broad to permit indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising under
the Securities Act. As permitted by the DGCL, the Registrant’s
amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that eliminate the personal liability of its directors
for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except liability for the following: ● | any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Registrant or its stockholders; ● | acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; ● | under Section 174 of the DGCL (regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases); or ● | any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. We have entered into indemnification agreements
with each of our current directors and executive officers to provide these directors and executive officers additional contractual assurances
regarding the scope of the indemnification set forth in our amended and amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws, and to provide additional procedural protections. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of
our directors or executive officers for which indemnification is sought. The indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and the indemnification agreements entered into between us and each of our directors and
executive officers may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our directors and executive officers for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act. We also currently carry liability insurance for
our directors and officers. Certain of our directors are also indemnified
by their employers with regard to service on our board of directors. II- 1 Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Since January 1, 2021, we and Serve have issued the following unregistered
securities: Magna Warrant In connection with the strategic partnership
with Magna, on February 7, 2024, the Company issued the Magna Warrant to purchase up to 2,145,000 shares of our common stock, subject
to adjustments as provided therein, at an exercise price per share of $0.01. The Magna Warrant will be exercisable in two
equal tranches: (i) the first tranche will become exercisable no later than May 15, 2024, subject to certain conditions; and (ii) the
second tranche will become exercisable upon the achievement by Magna of a certain manufacturing milestone as set forth in a production
and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect to the contract manufacturing of the Company’s autonomous delivery robots
by Magna or one of its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Magna Warrant will become exercisable upon any Change of Control
(as defined in the Magna Warrant). The grant of the Magna Warrant was exempt from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Convertible Promissory Notes Offering At an initial closing on January 2, 2024
and subsequent closings on January 12, 2024, January 22, 2024 and January 26, 2024, we issued an aggregate of $5.0 million in convertible
promissory notes to accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Secured Subordinated Promissory Note On
 December 27, 2023, Serve issued the December 2023 Kashani Note to Ali Kashani, a holder of
 greater than 5% of the Company’s capital stock who serves as Chief Executive Officer
 and is a member of our board of directors, in exchange for a loan with the aggregate principal
 amount of $70,000. Pursuant to the December 2023 Kashani Note, the loan accrued interest
 on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 7.67% per annum, computed as simple interest.
 Serve repaid the December 2023 Kashani Note on January 3, 2024. The issuance of the December 2023 Kashani Note
was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by
the SEC thereunder. The Bridge Financing On April 21, 2023, in connection with the
Bridge Financing, Serve offered and sold to accredited investors $3,001,500 principal amount of the Bridge Notes in a private placement.
The Bridge Notes bore interest at 10% per annum and were payable on October 21, 2023, subject to earlier conversion as described
below. On July 31, 2023, upon the closing of the
Merger and the initial closing of the Private Placement, the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Notes was automatically converted
into 937,961 shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $3.20 per share, and investors in the Bridge Notes received Bridge
Warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the number of shares of common stock into which the Bridge Notes
were converted, at an exercise price of $3.20 per share for a term of three years. If at any time after the Registration Effectiveness
Date there is no effective registration statement registering for resale, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the
resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Bridge Warrants by the holder, the Bridge Warrants may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a “cashless” net exercise. In connection with the sale of the Bridge Notes,
Serve agreed to cause the Company to issue to the Bridge Brokers, upon closing of the Merger and the Private Placement, Bridge Broker
Warrants to purchase a number of shares of Serve’s common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of common stock into which
the Bridge Notes, other than those purchased by Insider Investors, would convert at the closing of the Merger and Private Placement,
with an exercise price per share of $3.20 and a term of three years. The Bridge Brokers were entitled to be issued Bridge Broker Warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 74,662 shares of our common stock. The private placement of the Bridge Notes, and
the grant of the Bridge Warrants and Bridge Broker Warrants were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The Bridge Notes were sold to “accredited investors,”
as defined in Regulation D, and the offering was conducted on a “reasonable best efforts” basis. II- 2 Private Placement On July 31, 2023, in connection with the
Private Placement, we issued an aggregate of 2,782,378 shares of common stock at a price of $4.00 per share for aggregate gross
consideration of approximately $11.13 million to 71 accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. On August 30, 2023, in connection with the
Private Placement, we issued an aggregate of 257,762 shares of common stock at a price of $4.00 per share for aggregate gross
consideration of approximately $1.03 million to 5 accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from registration under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. On October 26, 2023, in connection with
the Private Placement, we issued an aggregate of 143,531 shares of common stock at a price of $4.00 per share for aggregate
gross consideration of approximately $0.57 million to 8 accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Placement Agent Warrants In connection with the Private Placement and
subject to the closing of the Private Placement, we agreed to pay each of the Placement Agents, Aegis Capital Corp. and Network 1
Financial Services, Inc., each a U.S. registered broker-dealer, a cash placement fee of 8% of the gross proceeds raised from investors
in the Private Placement (or 4% of gross proceeds raised from Insider Investors) and to issue to them Placement Agent Warrants consisting
of (a) Placement Agent A Warrants to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 8% of the number of shares of
common stock sold in the Private Placement (other than to Insider Investors), with a term expiring three years after the common stock
begins to trade on Nasdaq or NYSE and an exercise price of $4.00 per share and (b) Placement Agent B Warrants to purchase
125,000 shares of common stock with the same term as the Placement Agent A Warrants and an exercise price of $0.001 per share. The grant of the Placement Agent Warrants was
exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the
SEC thereunder. Securities Issued in Connection with the Merger On July 31, 2023, pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement, 3,091,672 shares of Serve’s Series Seed preferred stock, 2,440,411 shares of Serve’s Series
Seed-1 preferred stock, 2,088,696 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 preferred stock, and 357,836 shares of Serve’s
Series Seed-3 stock were converted into an aggregate of 7,978,616 shares of our common stock. These transactions were exempt from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and, accordingly, there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved. Sales of Unregistered Securities of Serve The following list sets forth information as
to all securities Serve sold from January 1, 2021, through immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, which were not registered
under the Securities Act. The following description is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger. The proceeds
from these sales were used by the Company for working capital. 1. | Between April 27, 2021 and June 25, 2021, Serve issued a total of 3,535,400 shares of Serve’s common stock at a price per share of $0.0012 to stockholders of Serve for gross proceeds of $4,400. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 2. | Between April 12, 2021 and September 19, 2021, Serve issued a total of 3,660,605 shares of common stock at a price per share of $0.0013 to service providers of Serve pursuant to the 2021 Plan, of which 2,800,448 are outstanding for gross proceeds of $4,758.79. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. II- 3 3. | Between August 23, 2022 and September 7, 2022, Serve issued a total of 338,122 shares of common stock at a price per share of $0.49 to service providers of Serve pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 4. | Between December 23, 2021 and October 8, 2022, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 1,229,755 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.49 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the 2021 Plan, of which 829,749 are outstanding. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 5. | On February 24, 2021, Serve issued a SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $1.00 million (the “February 2021 Safe”) to an investor of Serve. The February 2021 Safe converted into 2,440,411 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $1.5161 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 6. | Between January 29, 2021 and March 16, 2021, Serve issued SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $5.68 million (the “2021 Safes”) to investors of Serve. The 2021 Safes converted into 2,088,696 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $2.7170 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 7. | On July 13, 2021, Serve issued a SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $1.25 million (the “Bridge Safe”) to investors of Serve. The Bridge Safe converted into 357,836 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock at a price per share of $3.4932 on October 4, 2021. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 8. | On October 4, 2021, Serve entered into a Series Seed Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued 3,091,672 shares of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock at a price per share of $3.8814, 2,440,411 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, 2,088,696 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock, and 357,836 shares of Serve’s Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock to stockholders of Serve. Serve raised a total of $12.00 million from the sale of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 9. | On October 4, 2021, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 128,819 shares of Serve’s Series Seed Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $3.89 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 10. | On November 11, 2021, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 13,911 shares of Serve’s common stock at an exercise price of $3.89 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 11. | Between February 4, 2022 and March 9, 2022, Serve issued SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $10.59 million to investors of Serve. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 12. | On March 1, 2022, Serve issued a warrant to purchase 40,292 shares of Serve’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.49 per share. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. II- 4 13. | Between December 1, 2022 and January 18, 2023, Serve issued SAFEs for an aggregate purchase amount of $4.97 million to investors of Serve. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(2) under the Securities Act. 14. | On March 15, 2023, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 255,240 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 15. | On June 7, 2023, Serve issued options to purchase a total of 510,237 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.86 per share to service providers of Serve pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Serve relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 16. | On June 28, 2023, Serve issued the June 2023 Kashani Note to Dr. Kashani, in exchange for a loan with the aggregate principal amount of $449,000. Pursuant to the June 2023 Kashani Note, the loan accrued interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate of 7.67% per annum, computed as simple interest. Dr. Kashani was entitled to an exit fee equal to 16% of the stated principal amount of the June 2023 Kashani Note, less the total amount of interest that accrued on the June 2023 Kashani Note prior to the closing of the Merger. Serve paid the Kashani Exit Fee and repaid the June 2023 Kashani Note upon the closing of the Merger. On August 4, 2023, payment of $520,840 was made to Dr. Kashani as repayment of the promissory note, which includes $449,000 in principal and $71,840 in interest. No additional fees were paid. The issuance of the June 2023 Kashani Note was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules (a) Exhibits The exhibit index attached hereto is incorporated
herein by reference. (b) Financial Statement Schedules All schedules have been omitted because the information
required to be set forth in the schedules is either not applicable or is included in our financial statements or notes to those financial
statements. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes
to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreement certificates in such denominations and registered
in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant
in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned
registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) | For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant under Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) | For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
2.1§ | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among the Company, Serve Acquisition Corp. and Serve Robotics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023)
3.1 | Certificate of Merger relating to the merger of Serve Acquisition Corp. with and into Serve Robotics Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.1 | Form of Bridge Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.2 | Form of Bridge Broker Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.3 | Form of Placement Agent A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.4 | Form of Placement Agent B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
4.5 | Form of Secured Subordinated Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2024).
4.6 | Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2024).
4.7# | Common Stock Warrant, dated February 7, 2024, issued by Serve Robotics Inc. to Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
4.8** | Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock.
4.9* | Form of Underwriter’s Warrant (included in Exhibit 1.1 hereto).
5.1** | Opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP.
10.1+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.2+§ | Offer Letter, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and between Euan Abraham and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.3+ | Engagement Letter, dated as of May 18, 2023, by and between AKW Financial, LLC dba Vision Accounting & Tax (VAT) and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.4+ | Parang Termination Payment Letter, dated as of June 23, 2021, by and between Touraj Parang and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.5+ | Kashani Termination Payment Letter, dated as of September 27, 2021, by and between Ali Kashani and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.6 | Lease Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by and between Bauen Fund 2018-730, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.7§ | Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023). II- 6 10.8# | Amended and Restated Side Letter to the Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between Postmates, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.9# | Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.10# | Amendment No. 1 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.11# | Amendment No. 2 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.12# | Amendment No. 3 to the Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2023 by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.13# | Project Plan #1, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.14# | Project Plan #2, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and between Uber Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023).
10.15 | Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.16 | Lease Schedule No. 001R, dated December 3, 2022, to Equipment Lease Agreement dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.17 | Lease Schedule No. 002, dated December 28, 2023, to Equipment Lease Agreement dated as of June 6, 2022, by and between Farnam Street Financial, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.18#§ | Strategic Customer Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between Ouster, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.19§ | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.20 | First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.21 | Second Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.22 | Third Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.23 | Fourth Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2024, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, the Company and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.24 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023). II- 7 10.25 | Form of Pre-Merger Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.26 | Subscription Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.27 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.28+ | 2021 Stock Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
10.29+ | 2023 Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024).
10.30#§ | Master Services Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.31# | Statement of Work, dated as of February 1, 2024 and effective as of January 15, 2024, by and between Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2024).
10.32+§ | Offer Letter, dated March 24, 2024, by and between Brian Read and Serve Operating Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024).
21.1 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023).
23.1* | Consent of dbbmckennon, independent registered public accounting firm.
23.2** | Consent of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1** | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of the initial filing of the Registration Statement)
101.INS | Inline XBRL Instance Document.
101.SCH | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).
107* | Calculation of Filing Fee * | Filed herewith.
** | Previously filed. + | Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. # | Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant has furnished supplementally copies of the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request. § | Certain exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. II- 8 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
in the City of Redwood City, State of California, on this 12 th day of April, 2024. Serve Robotics Inc.
By: | /s/ Ali Kashani
Ali Kashani
Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the date indicated: Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Ali Kashani | Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors | April 12, 2024
Ali Kashani | (principal executive officer)
* | President and Chief Operating Officer and Director | April 12, 2024
Touraj Parang
/s/ April Pannell | Chief Financial Officer | April 12, 2024
April Pannell | (principal financial and accounting officer)
* | Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering | April 12, 2024
Euan Abraham
* | Director | April 12, 2024
James Buckly Jordan
* | Director | April 12, 2024
Sarfraz Maredia
* | Director | April 12, 2024
Ali Pourdad
* | Director | April 12, 2024
Olivier Vincent *By: | /s/ Ali Kashani
Ali Kashani
Attorney-in-fact II- 9 S-1/A true 0001832483 0001832483 2023-01-01 2023-12-31