S-3 1 forms-3.htm S-3 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 5, 2025 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 95-4863690
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3811 Turtle Creek Boulevard, Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75219 (214) 427-1704 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Wes Cummins Chief Executive Officer APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION 3811 Turtle Creek Boulevard, Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75219 (214) 427-1704 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Steven E. Siesser, Esq. Lowenstein Sandler LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 (212) 204-8688 Approximate date of commencement
of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being
registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any of the securities
being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933,
other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to
register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration
statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional
classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☒ | Accelerated filer ☐ | Non-accelerated filer ☐ | Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ PROSPECTUS 2,400,000 Shares of common stock This prospectus relates to
the resale from time to time of up to 2,400,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (“common stock”), of Applied
Digital Corporation (the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) by the selling stockholders
named herein or its permitted transferees (the “selling stockholders”) in amounts, at prices and on terms that will be determined
at the time of any such offering, comprised of 2,400,000 shares of common stock (the “Warrant Shares”) issuable upon the exercise
of warrants (the “Warrants”) issued by the Company on to the selling stockholders on October 6, 2025 in connection with the
A&R UPA (as defined below). We will not receive any proceeds
from the sale of the Warrant Shares by the selling stockholders. The shares of common stock to which this prospectus relates may be offered
and sold from time to time directly by the selling stockholders or alternatively through underwriters, broker dealers or agents. The selling
stockholders will determine at what price it may sell the Warrant Shares offered by this prospectus, and such sales may be made at fixed
prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices.
Although we have been advised by the selling stockholders that the selling stockholders was assigned the Warrants for its own account,
for investment purposes in which it takes investment risk (including, without limitation, the risk of loss), and without any view or intention
to distribute such shares in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any other applicable
securities laws, the selling stockholders may be deemed “underwriters” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities
Act by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), in which case any profits on the sales of the Warrant Shares by
the selling stockholders and any discounts, commissions or concessions received by the selling stockholders would be deemed to be underwriting
discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. For additional information on the methods of sale that may be used by the selling
stockholders, see the section entitled “ Plan of Distribution .” We may amend or supplement
this prospectus from time to time by filing amendments or supplements as required. You should carefully read this prospectus and any prospectus
supplement or amendment before you invest in our common stock. You also should read the documents we have referred you to in the “ Where
You Can Find More Information ” section of this prospectus for information about us and our financial statements. Our common stock is listed
on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “APLD.” On December 3, 2025, the last reported
sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq was $29.36 per share. Our executive office is located
at 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd., Suite 2100, Dallas, Texas 75219, and our phone number is (214) 427-1704. Our principal website address is www.applieddigital.com . Investing in our securities
involves risks. Before making an investment decisions, you should carefully review the information contained in this prospectus under
the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 7 of this prospectus, as well as the risks and uncertainties described in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on July 30, 2025, and the other filings we make
with the SEC from time to time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. NEITHER THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY BODY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED
IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The date of this prospectus is December 5, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 2
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 6
RISK FACTORS | 7
PRIVATE PLACEMENT | 8
USE OF PROCEEDS | 9
SELLING STOCKHOLDERS | 10
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 11
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 12
LEGAL MATTERS | 14
EXPERTS | 15
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 16
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE | 17 i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of
an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 (“shelf registration statement”) that we filed with the SEC
utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration statement, the selling stockholders may offer and
sell, from time to time, in one or more offerings up to 2,400,000 shares of our common stock. This prospectus provides you with a general
description of the common stock the selling stockholders may offer. If the selling stockholders offers to sell shares of common stock
in an underwritten offering, we/the selling stockholders will provide a prospectus supplement accompanied by this prospectus. The prospectus
supplement will contain specific information about the terms of the offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change
information contained in this prospectus. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and any prospectus
supplement, you should rely on the information in the prospectus supplement. You should not assume that
the information contained in this prospectus is accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front cover of this prospectus
or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by
reference, even though this prospectus is delivered or the shares of common stock are sold or otherwise disposed of on a later date. Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. It is important for you to read
and consider all information contained in this prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, in making your investment
decision. You should also read and consider the information in the documents to which we have referred you under the caption “ Where
You Can Find More Information ” in this prospectus. We have provided you only
with the information contained in this prospectus, including information incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement. Neither we nor the selling stockholders have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations
other than those contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, or in any free writing prospectuses
we have or may prepare. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that
others may give you. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities other than the securities to which they relate, nor do this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus
supplement constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. This prospectus, including
the information that we have incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Please read “ Risk Factors ” and “ Forward-Looking Statements .” Wherever references are made
in this prospectus to information that will be included in a prospectus supplement, to the extent permitted by applicable law, rules or
regulations, we may instead include such information or add, update or change the information contained in this prospectus by means of
a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, through filings we make with the SEC that
are incorporated by reference in this prospectus or by any other method as may then be permitted under applicable law, rules or regulations. You should read carefully
the entire prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, as well as the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus,
before making an investment decision. When used in this prospectus,
except where the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us,” “our” and “the Company”
refer to Applied Digital Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 1 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained
elsewhere in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. This summary does not contain all of the information
that you should consider before deciding to invest in our securities. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the
section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 7, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the
other information incorporated by reference into this prospectus before making an investment decision. Our Business We are a U.S. designer, developer,
and operator of high-performance, sustainably engineered data centers and colocation services for artificial intelligence (“AI”),
networking, and blockchain workloads. Headquartered in Dallas, TX, and founded in 2021, the Company combines hyperscale expertise, proprietary
waterless cooling, and rapid deployment capabilities to deliver secure, scalable compute at industry-leading speed and efficiency, while
creating economic opportunities in underserved communities through its award-winning Polaris Forge AI Factory model. We operate in two
distinct business segments, data center hosting (the “Data Center Hosting Business”) and High-Performance Computing (“HPC”)
data center hosting (the “HPC Hosting Business”), as further discussed below. During the fiscal year 2025,
we determined that our cloud services business, which we operate through a wholly owned subsidiary (the “Cloud Services Business”)
met the criteria to be classified as “held for sale” on our consolidated balance sheets as the Board of Directors approved
plans for the sale of the segment. The potential sale of the Cloud Services Business, which was previously included as a reportable segment,
represents a strategic shift in our operations and financial results and as such, we have excluded the results of this business from both
continuing operations and segment results and presented them in discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations for
all periods presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 30, 2025. Data Center Hosting Business Our Data Center Hosting Business
provides energized infrastructure services to crypto mining customers. Our custom-designed data centers allow customers to rent space
based on their power requirements. We currently operate sites
in Jamestown and Ellendale, North Dakota, with a total hosting capacity of approximately 286 MW. HPC Hosting Business Our HPC Hosting Business
designs, constructs, and operates next-generation data centers, which are designed to provide massive computing power and support HPC
applications within a cost-effective model. We recently commenced operations
at our first HPC data center at our Polaris Forge 1 campus in Ellendale, ND (“Polaris Forge 1”) with 100MW of capacity (“ELN-02”). We
continue building our second HPC data center at Polaris Forge 1 to provide an additional 150MW of capacity (“ELN-03”). These
facilities are being designed and purpose-built to host high-density graphics processing unit (“GPU”) architecture or other
HPC applications, such as artificial intelligence, natural language processing, machine learning, and additional HPC developments. Our
third HPC focused data center facility at Polaris Forge 1, which is expected to provide an additional 150MW of capacity, is currently
under construction, with an anticipated ready for service date in 2027. On May 28, 2025, APLD ELN-02
LLC and APLD ELN-03 LLC, our subsidiaries, each entered into a data center lease with CoreWeave, Inc. (“CoreWeave”) to deliver
an aggregate of 250 MW of infrastructure to host CoreWeave’s HPC operations at Polaris Forge 1. The first lease is for the full
capacity ofELN-02, and the second lease is for the full capacity of ELN-03. In addition, on August 28, 2025, APLD ELN-02 C LLC, our subsidiary,
entered into a third data center lease with CoreWeave to deliver an additional 150 MW at Polaris Forge 1, bringing the total capacity
under contract at Polaris Forge 1 to 400 MW. We have guaranteed the obligations of APLD ELN-02 LLC, APLD ELN-03 LLC and APLD ELN-02 C
LLC under the respective data center lease to which such subsidiary is a party. 2 On August 18, 2025, we also
announced breaking ground on our Polaris Forge 2 campus (“Polaris Forge 2”), a 280 MW data center near Harwood, North Dakota.
The project has begun and we currently anticipate reaching initial capacity in 2026 and reaching full capacity in early 2027. On October
22, 2025, we announced that we entered into an approximately 15-year lease agreement with a U.S. based investment grade hyperscaler for
200 MW of critical IT load at our Polaris Forge 2 campus, as further discussed under “ —Recent Developments ” below. We have already started generating
revenue from this business segment, and anticipate that this business segment will begin generating meaningful revenue from the associated
leases now that ELN-02 is operational. Discontinued Operations Cloud Services Business The Cloud Services Business,
which is operated through our wholly owned subsidiary, Applied Digital Cloud Corporation (“Applied Digital Cloud”), has locations
in three states: Colorado, Minnesota and Utah. This business provides cloud services to customers, such as AI and machine learning developers
by renting space at third party co-location centers and providing the customers with access to its cloud computing equipment. Recent Developments Promissory Note On September 9, 2025, our
subsidiary, APLD FAR-01 LLC (the “Borrower”), entered into a promissory note (the “Promissory Note”) with Macquarie
Equipment Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Lender”). The Promissory Note provides for a principal sum of (a) $50
million (the “Initial Loan”), which was drawn upon execution of the Promissory Note, plus (b) subject to the mutual consent
of the Borrower and the Lender, additional loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $25 million (the “Additional Loans”
and together with the Initial Loan, the “Loan”). Proceeds of the Loan under the Promissory Note will be used, in part, to
(i) pay transaction costs, (ii) pay transaction expenses in connection with the Note Documents (as defined therein), (iii) fund the purchase
of the financed properties located on the Company’s campus in Harwood, ND (“Polaris Forge 2”), including all associated
closing costs, title fees, and legal expenses, (iv) finance improvements to the Polaris Forge 2 properties, (v) fund the purchase of the
Transformers (as defined therein) and other equipment expected to be installed and used for the improvements of the Polaris Forge 2 properties,
(vi) to pay any other costs, fees, expenses, or amounts related to or in connection with the development and construction of Polaris Forge
2, and (vii) for general corporate working capital purposes. Amended and Restated Unit Purchase Agreement As previously disclosed in
our SEC filings, on January 13, 2025, APLD HPC Holdings LLC (formerly, APLD ELN-02 Holdings LLC), our indirect wholly owned subsidiary,
entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the “Unit Purchase Agreement” or “UPA”) for its HPC Hosting Business with
MIP VI HPC Holdings, LLC, which is an affiliate of funds and investment vehicles managed by entities within Macquarie Asset Management
(“MAM”). On February 11, 2025, APLD HPC Holdings LLC novated and assigned its rights, title and interests and duties, liabilities
and obligations under the UPA to APLD HPC TopCo LLC, our indirect wholly owned subsidiary (“TopCo 1”). On October 3, 2025,
we, TopCo 1, APLD HPC TopCo 2 LLC (“APLD HPC TopCo 2”), and MIP HPC Holdings, LLC (formerly, MIP VI HPC Holdings, LLC) (the
“Purchaser”) entered into an Amended and Restated Unit Purchase Agreement (the “A&R UPA”). On October 6, 2025, all conditions
to the Initial Closing (as defined in the A&R UPA) were satisfied and the Initial Closing occurred. At the Initial Closing, APLD HPC
TopCo 2 sold to the Purchaser 112,500 Preferred Units in APLD HPC TopCo 2 at a price per Preferred Unit of $1,000, for an aggregate purchase
price of $112.5 million, and for no additional consideration, APLD HPC TopCo 2 agreed to issue to the Purchaser such number of Common
Units of APLD HPC TopCo 2 representing, in the aggregate, seven and a half percent (7.5%) of the fully diluted common equity of APLD HPC
TopCo 2 as of immediately following the Initial Closing. MAM has the right to invest up to an additional $4.9 billion under the A&R
UPA. 3 In addition, pursuant to the
A&R UPA, on October 6, 2025, we issued to the designated affiliates of the Purchaser, the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2.4
million shares of common stock. The Warrants will become exercisable upon the Purchaser funding the full $450 million in Polaris Forge
1. Also on October 6, 2025, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchaser, pursuant to which we agreed to file with
the SEC this registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants within
60 days of the execution of the registration rights agreement Series G Preferred Stock On October 21, we entered
into the fourth amendment (the “Fourth Amendment”) to the PEPA, in order to increase our access to capital to fund the continued
construction and development to our Polaris Forge 1 and Polaris Forge 2 data centers in Ellendale and Harwood, North Dakota. The Fourth
Amendment amended the PEPA to, among other things (i) increase the aggregate commitment amount of the shares of the Series G Preferred
Stock, from $590.0 million to $1.590 billion; (ii) subject to waiver by a majority-in-interest of the investors, (a) set the maximum put
issuance amount to $75,000,000 per issuance, (b) set the limit to one put issuance per seven (7) business day period, and (c) set the
maximum aggregate stated value of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding at any one time to $75,000,000; (iii) increase the original discount
from 2% to 3%; (iv) eliminate the placement agent fee; and (v) eliminate the prohibition on Variable Rate Transactions (as defined in
the PEPA). In connection with the Fourth
Amendment, on October 21, 2024, we filed an Amendment (the “Fifth CoD Amendment”) to the Series G Certificate of Designation,
as amended. The Fifth CoD Amendment amended the Series G Certificate of Designations to, among other things, (i) increase the authorized
shares of Series G Preferred Stock from 204,000 shares to 1,030,000 shares, and (ii) increase the limit below which the Floor Price (as
defined in Section 1.5(c)(ii) of the Certificate of Designations) may not be reduced from $4.33 to $4.48. In addition, under the Fifth
CoD Amendment, the Company’s Board of Directors may increase or decrease the applicable Floor Price with respect to any put, at
its sole discretion. As of the date of this prospectus,
we have issued 77,250 shares of Series G Preferred Stock under the Fourth Amendment, for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $75 million,
of which 34,000 have been converted into a total of 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. 952,750 shares of Series G Preferred Stock remain
available for future issuance pursuant to the Fourth Amendment. CoreWeave Warrant On July 24, 2025, CoreWeave,
Inc. (“CoreWeave”) exercised its option for an additional 150MW in our third building at Polaris Forge 1, which is currently
in planning stages with an anticipated ready for service date in 2027. On August 28, 2025, we entered into a third lease agreement on
substantially the same terms, including the same rent and escalators, as the existing two leases, with CoreWeave, bringing the total capacity
leased by CoreWeave at Polaris Forge 1 to 400MW. Also on August 28, 2025, in connection with the third lease agreement, we issued CoreWeave
a warrant (the “Additional CoreWeave Warrants”) to acquire up to 8,393,611 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of $10.75 per share, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the warrant. In addition, we agreed
to file a resale registration statement with the SEC to register the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrant pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 28, 2025, between us and CoreWeave. On October 31, 2025, CoreWeave
assigned the Additional CoreWeave Warrants and its rights under the CoreWeave Registration Rights Agreement to Jane Street Global Trading,
LLC. Polaris Forge 2 Lease Agreement with U.S. Based
Investment Grade Hyperscaler On October 22, 2025, we announced
that we entered into a lease agreement, representing approximately $5 billion in total contracted revenue over the approximate 15-year
lease term, with a U.S. based investment grade hyperscaler for 200 MW of critical IT load at Polaris Forge 2 campus, to support the hyperscaler’s
AI and HPC infrastructure. The hyperscaler also holds a first right of refusal for an additional 800 MW of critical IT, representing the
full expansion potential of the Polaris Forge 2 campus. 4 Charter Amendment On November 5, 2025, we held
our Annual Meeting of stockholders. At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders approved, among other things, an amendment to our Second Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (as amended, the “Articles of Incorporation”), increasing the number of shares of our
common stock authorized for issuance thereunder to 600,000,000 shares, which was filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November
6, 2025. Notes Offering On November 20, 2025, our
subsidiary APLD ComputeCo LLC (“APLD ComputeCo”) closed a $2.35 billion offering (the “Notes Offering”) of 9.250%
senior secured notes due 2030 (the “Notes”) at an issue price of 97.000%. The Notes were issued and sold in a private offering
to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes are senior
secured obligations of APLD ComputeCo and bear interest at a rate of 9.250% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and
December 15 of each year, beginning on June 15, 2026. The principal amount of the notes will amortize on a semi-annual basis on June 15
and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2027, in amounts set forth in the Indenture. The Notes will mature on December
15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
the subsidiary guarantors, all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of APLD ComputeCo. Other than a customary completion guarantee,
we are not providing credit support for the Notes Offering. APLD ComputeCo is wholly owned
by a joint venture entity, APLD HPC TopCo 2, in which we own 92.5% of fully diluted common equity, and an affiliate of funds and investment
vehicles managed by entities within MAM owns 7.5% of fully diluted common equity, as well as preferred equity. Internal Reorganization In part to facilitate the
Notes Offering, we completed a targeted reorganization of the entities and assets related to the Polaris Forge 1 campus. This reorganization
included a series of steps such as renaming certain existing entities and forming new direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of
APLD HPC Holdings LLC and APLD HPC Holdings 2 LLC, including APLD ComputeCo, and additional internal transactions, including equity distributions
and contributions and asset transfers, resulting in APLD ELN-02 LLC, APLD ELN-03 LLC, ELN-02 and ELN-03 being owned by APLD ComputeCo.
APLD ELN-04 LLC and the related data center facility are not, and are not expected to become, wholly owned subsidiaries of APLD ComputeCo. SMBC Loan Payoff Concurrently with the closing
of the Notes Offering, we repaid in full the aggregate principal balance plus accrued interest under the Credit and Guaranty Agreement,
dated as of February 11, 2025, by and among APLD HPC Holdings LLC, the Subsidiary Guarantors thereunder (as defined therein), the lenders
party thereto and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”), as administrative agent. Corporate Information Our executive office is located
at 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd., Suite 2100, Dallas, Texas 75219, and our phone number is (214) 427-1704. Our principal website address is www.applieddigital.com . We make available free of
charge through the Investor Relations link on our website access to press releases and investor presentations, as well as all materials
that we file electronically with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on
Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the “Exchange Act”) as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with, or furnishing them
to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. Information contained in, or accessible through, our website does not
constitute part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part and inclusions of our website address in this
prospectus or the registration statement are inactive textual references only. You should not rely on any such information in making your
decision whether to purchase our securities. 5 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical information,
this prospectus contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 under Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements
with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance,
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking
statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as “may,” “can,” “anticipate,”
“assume,” “should,” “indicate,” “would,” “believe,” “contemplate,”
“expect,” “seek,” “estimate,” “continue,” “plan,” “point to,”
“project,” “predict,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “potential”
and other similar words and expressions of the future. There are a number of important
factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. These
factors include, but are not limited to: ● | our ability to complete construction of the Polaris Forge 1 and Polaris Forge 2 campuses;
● | our ability to complete the negotiation and execution of the definitive transaction documents to close the sale of our Cloud Services Business that is currently held for sale and treated as discontinued operations;
● | our dependence on principal customers, including our ability to execute leases with key customers, including leases for our Polaris Forge 1 and Polaris Forge 2 datacenter campuses;
● | availability of financing to continue to grow our business;
● | labor and other workforce shortages and challenges;
● | power or other supply disruptions and equipment failures;
● | the addition or loss of significant customers or material changes to our relationships with these customers;
● | delays or denials of entitlements or permits, including zoning, siting, utility and other permits, or other delays resulting from requirements of public agencies and utility companies;
● | our sensitivity to general economic conditions including changes in disposable income levels and consumer spending trends;
● | our ability to timely and successfully build new hosting facilities with the appropriate contractual margins and efficiencies;
● | our ability to continue to grow sales in our hosting business;
● | volatility of cryptoasset prices;
● | uncertainties of cryptoasset regulation policy; and
● | our ability to keep up with the use and continued pace of developments in AI and evolving data center requirements and regulatory frameworks for AI. The foregoing does not represent
an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or risk factors that we are faced
with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. The events and circumstances
reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected
in the forward-looking statements. You should review the factors and risks and other information we describe in our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K, as well as any amendments thereto reflected in subsequent reports we will file from time to time with the SEC. All forward-looking statements
are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary note. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus or the date of the document incorporated by reference herein. You should
read this prospectus and the documents that we incorporate by reference and have filed as exhibits to the registration statement, of which
this prospectus is a part, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what
we expect. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a
representation or warranty by us or any other person that will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all.
We have no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We have expressed our expectations, beliefs and projections in good faith
and believe they have a reasonable basis. However, we cannot assure you that our expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be
achieved or accomplished. 6 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities
involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and other information we include
or incorporate by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement. In particular, you should consider the risk factors under
the heading “Risk Factors” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be revised or supplemented by our
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, each of which are on file with the SEC and are incorporated
herein by reference, and which may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the
future. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. Additional risk factors may be included
in a prospectus supplement relating to a particular offering of securities. Our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 7 PRIVATE PLACEMENT A&R Unit Purchase
Agreement As previously disclosed in
our SEC filings, on January 13, 2025, APLD HPC Holdings LLC (formerly, APLD ELN-02 Holdings LLC), our indirect wholly owned subsidiary,
entered into the UPA for its HPC Hosting Business with MIP VI HPC Holdings, LLC, which is an affiliate of funds and investment vehicles
managed by entities within MAM. On February 11, 2025, APLD HPC Holdings LLC novated and assigned its rights, title and interests and duties,
liabilities and obligations under the UPA to TopCo 1. On October 3, 2025, we, TopCo 1, APLD HPC TopCo 2, and the Purchaser entered into
the A&R UPA. On October 6, 2025, all conditions
to the Initial Closing (as defined in the A&R UPA) were satisfied and the Initial Closing occurred. At the Initial Closing, the Subsidiary
Issuer sold to the Purchaser 112,500 Preferred Units in APLD HPC TopCo 2 at a price per Preferred Unit of $1,000, for an aggregate purchase
price of $112.5 million, and for no additional consideration, APLD HPC TopCo 2 agreed to issue to the Purchaser such number of Common
Units of APLD HPC TopCo 2 representing, in the aggregate, seven and a half percent (7.5%) of the fully diluted common equity of APLD HPC
TopCo 2 as of immediately following the Initial Closing. MAM has the right to invest up to an additional $4.9 billion under the A&R
UPA. The
A&R UPA contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including, among others, indemnification by the Company and
the Subsidiary Issuer and a ‘no shop’ clause, and certain termination rights of the parties. The
A&R UPA also provides for us and APLD HPC TopCo 2 to carry out phases of an internal restructuring to segregate our HPC Business Segment’s
assets and liabilities before each of the Initial Closing, the First Additional Closing and the Second Additional Closing (the “Pre-Closing
Restructuring”). Concurrently with the Initial Closing, we entered into a corporate services agreement with APLD HPC TopCo 2. In
addition, pursuant to the A&R UPA, on October 6, 2025, we issued to the designated affiliates of the Purchaser, the Warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2.4 million shares of common stock. The Warrants will become exercisable upon the Purchaser funding the full $450 million
in Polaris Forge 1. Also on October 6, 2025, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchaser, pursuant to which we
agreed to file with the SEC this registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants within 60 days of the execution of the registration rights agreement. 8 USE OF PROCEEDS The
common stock to be offered and sold using this prospectus will be offered and sold by the selling stockholders named in this prospectus.
Accordingly, we will not receive any proceeds from any sale of the Warrant Shares in this offering. We will pay all of the fees and expenses
incurred by us in connection with this registration. 9 SELLING STOCKHOLDERS This
prospectus covers the resale of up to 2,400,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. We are registering the
shares of common stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the Warrant Shares for resale from time to time. The
table below identifies the selling stockholders and provides other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common
stock held by the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the selling
stockholders, based on its ownership of shares of common stock as of December 3, 2025. The third column lists the shares of common stock
being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling
stockholders pursuant to this prospectus. Name of Selling Stockholders | Number of Shares of Common Stock Owned Prior to Offering | Maximum Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus | Number of Shares of Common Stock Owned After Offering (1) | Percentage of Shares of Common Stock Owned After Offering (2)
MIP VI DC REIT AIC, L.P. (3) | 2,400,000 | (4) | 1,382,076 | 0 | 0
MIP VI REIT AIV, L.P. (5) | 2,400,000 | (6) | 1,017,924 | 0 | 0 (1) | Assumes the sale of all shares of common stock offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.
(2) | Percentage is based on 279,263,526 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 3, 2025 (and rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent) and assumes the sale of all shares of common stock offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.
(3) | All investment decisions for MIP VI DC REIT AIC, L.P. are made by the Board of Managers of its general partner, MIP VI (ECI) GP, LLC. The business address of MIP VI DC REIT AIC, L.P. is c/o Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets Inc., 660 Fifth Avenue, New York NY 10103.
(4) | Consists of (i) 1,017,924 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by MIP VI REIT AIV, L.P. and (ii) 1,382,076 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.
(5) | All investment decisions for MIP VI REIT AIV, L.P. are made by the Board of Managers of its general partner, Macquarie Infrastructure Partners VI GP, LLC. The business address of MIP VI DC REIT AIC, L.P. is c/o Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets Inc., 660 Fifth Avenue, New York NY 10103.
(6) | Consists of (i) 1,382,076 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by MIP VI DC REIT AIV, L.P. and (ii) 1,017,924 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 10 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders and
any of their pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares
of Common Stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or quoted or in private transactions.
These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling
shares: ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits investors;
● | block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;
● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;
● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;
● | privately negotiated transactions;
● | through the writing of options on the shares;
● | to cover short sales made after the date that this Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission;
● | broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;
● | a combination of any such methods of sale; and
● | any other method permitted by applicable law. The selling stockholders may
also sell shares under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or another
exemption, if available, rather than under this prospectus. The selling stockholders shall have the sole and absolute discretion not to
accept any purchase offer or make any sale of shares if it deems the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. The selling stockholders or
their respective pledgees, donees, transferees or other successors in interest, may also sell the shares directly to market makers acting
as principals and/or broker-dealers acting as agents for themselves or their customers. Such broker-dealers may receive compensation in
the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers
may act as agents or to whom they sell as principal or both, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of
customary commissions. Market makers and block purchasers purchasing the shares will do so for their own account and at their own risk.
It is possible that a selling stockholder will attempt to sell shares of common stock in block transactions to market makers or other
purchasers at a price per share which may be below the then existing market price. We cannot assure that all or any of the shares offered
in this prospectus will be issued to, or sold by, the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders and any brokers, dealers or agents,
upon effecting the sale of any of the shares offered in this prospectus, may be deemed to be “underwriters” as that term is
defined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of such acts. In such event, any commissions received
by such broker- dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions
or discounts under the Securities Act. We are required to pay all
fees and expenses incident to the registration of the shares, but excluding brokerage commissions or underwriter discounts. The selling stockholders,
alternatively, may sell all or any part of the shares offered in this prospectus through an underwriter. The selling stockholders have
not entered into any agreement with a prospective underwriter and there is no assurance that any such agreement will be entered into. The selling stockholders may
pledge their shares to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling stockholder defaults on a margin
loan, the broker may, from time to time, offer and sell the pledged shares. The selling stockholders and any other persons participating
in the sale or distribution of the shares will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations
under such act, including, without limitation, Regulation M. These provisions may restrict certain activities of, and limit the timing
of purchases and sales of any of the shares by, the selling stockholders or any other such person. In the event that any of the selling
stockholders are deemed an affiliated purchaser or distribution participant within the meaning of Regulation M, then the selling stockholders
will not be permitted to engage in short sales of common stock. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of
securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and certain other activities with respect to such securities for
a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. In addition,
if a short sale is deemed to be a stabilizing activity, then the selling stockholders will not be permitted to engage in a short sale
of our common stock. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of the shares. If a selling stockholder notifies
us that it has a material arrangement with a broker-dealer for the resale of the common stock, then we would be required to amend the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and file a prospectus supplement to describe the agreements between the selling
stockholder and the broker-dealer. 11 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following summary of the rights of our
capital stock is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, as amended to date (the “Articles”) and our third amended and restated bylaws, as amended to date (the “Bylaws”),
copies of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2025, as filed with the SEC on July
30, 2025, which is incorporated by reference herein. We are authorized to issue
610,000,000 shares of capital stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 600,000,000 are common stock and 10,000,000 are preferred stock
(the “Preferred Stock”). For a description of the terms of our Preferred Stock, see Exhibit 4.14 to our Annual Report on Form
10-K, filed with the SEC on July 30, 2025. As of December 3, 2025, there
were 279,263,526 shares of common stock outstanding and 407,183 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Common Stock Holders of our common stock
are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purposes. Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends as may be declared by our board of directors, subject to any
preferential dividend rights of any series of Preferred Stock that we may designate and issue in the future. There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The holders of our common stock have no conversion rights. Holders of common stock
have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our
common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock that
we may designate and issue in the future. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each such share outstanding in the
holder’s name. No holder of common stock is entitled to cumulative votes in voting for directors. In the event of our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive a pro rata share of our assets, which are legally available
for distribution, after payments of all debts and other liabilities. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid
and non-assessable. Anti-Takeover Effects of the Articles, the
Bylaws and Nevada Law We are a Nevada corporation
and are generally governed by the Nevada Revised Statutes, or NRS. The following is a brief description of the provisions in our Articles
of Incorporation, Bylaws and the NRS that could have an effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company. The provisions of the NRS,
our Articles and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may
also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts.
These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it
more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 12 Combinations with Interested Stockholders Nevada’s “combinations
with interested stockholders” statutes, NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive, prohibit specified types of business “combinations”
between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an “interested stockholder” for two years after such person
first becomes an “interested stockholder” unless the corporation’s board of directors approves the combination (or the
transaction by which such person becomes an “interested stockholder”) in advance, or unless the combination is approved by
the board of directors and sixty percent of the corporation’s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder,
its affiliates and associates. Further, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply even after such two year period.
However, these statutes do not apply to any combination of a corporation and an interested stockholder after the expiration of four years
after the person first became an interested stockholder. For purposes of these statutes, an “interested stockholder” is any
person who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares
of the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term “combination” is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an “interested
stockholder.” These statutes generally apply to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. However, a Nevada corporation
may elect in its articles of incorporation not to be governed by these particular laws, but if such election is not made in the corporation’s
original articles of incorporation, the amendment (1) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing a
majority of the outstanding voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by interested stockholders or their affiliates and
associates, and (2) is not effective until 18 months after the vote approving the amendment and does not apply to any combination with
a person who first became an interested stockholder on or before the effective date of the amendment. Our Articles of Incorporation do
not include such an election to opt-out of these provisions. Acquisition of Controlling Interests Nevada’s “acquisition
of controlling interest” statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling
interest in certain Nevada corporations. These “control share” laws provide generally that any person that acquires a “controlling
interest” in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the
corporation elects to restore such voting rights. Our Bylaws provide that these statutes do not apply to us. Absent such provision in
our Bylaws, these laws would apply to us as of a particular date if we were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of
whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on our stock ledger at all times during the 90 days immediately preceding that date) and do business
in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on the
tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. These laws provide that a person acquires a “controlling
interest” whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS,
would enable that person to exercise (1) one fifth or more, but less than one third, (2) one third or more, but less than a majority or
(3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these
thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the
date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become “control shares” to which the
voting restrictions described above apply. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws The provisions of our Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws, taken together with the applicable provisions of the NRS: ● | Authorize our board of directors to issue “blank check” Preferred Stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval;
● | Require supermajority disinterested stockholder approval of certain business combinations with related persons (each as defined in the Articles of Incorporation);
● | Permit removal of directors only for cause and require the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting as a single class, to remove any director (the NRS does not include a cause concept in NRS 78.335 and the provision of our Articles of Incorporation exceeds the minimum two thirds (2/3) threshold vote required by that statute);
● | Require the affirmative vote of not less than two thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting as a single class, to adopt, amend, alter or repeal our Bylaws; and
● | Do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. NRS 78.139 also provides that
directors may resist a change or potential change in control of the corporation if the board of directors determines that the change or
potential change is opposed to or not in the best interest of the corporation upon consideration of any relevant facts, circumstances,
contingencies or constituencies pursuant to NRS 78.138(4). In addition, our authorized
but unissued shares of common stock are available for our board of directors to issue without stockholder approval. We may use these additional
shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public or private offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions
and employee benefit plans. The existence of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of our Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or other transaction. Our authorized but
unissued shares may be used to delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best
interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. Our board
of directors is also authorized to adopt, amend or repeal our Bylaws, which could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. 13 LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the common
stock being offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Snell & Wilmer, L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. Certain legal matters in connection
with the common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Lowenstein Sandler LLP. 14 EXPERTS The consolidated balance
sheet of Applied Digital Corporation and its subsidiaries as of May 31, 2025, and the related consolidated statement of operations, changes
in temporary equity and stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, the effectiveness of Applied Digital Corporation
and its subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting and the retrospective adjustments to the 2024 and 2023 financial
statements have been audited by CBIZ CPAs P.C., independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report (which report
expresses an unqualified opinion on the retrospective adjustments to the 2024 and 2023 financial statements) which is incorporated herein
by reference. Such financial statements have been incorporated herein by reference in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing. The consolidated balance
sheet of Applied Digital Corporation and its subsidiaries as of May 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes
in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their report (before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the changes in accounting
due to the adoption of ASU 2023-07 discussed in Note 2 and Note 6 and discontinued operations and held for sale presentation discussed
in Note 2 and Note 5 in the financial statements) which is incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been incorporated
herein by reference in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 15 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC
a registration statement on Form S-3, including exhibits, under the Securities Act of which this prospectus forms a part. This prospectus
does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. This prospectus contains descriptions of certain agreements
or documents that are exhibits to the registration statement. The statements as to the contents of such exhibits, however, are brief descriptions
and are not necessarily complete, and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference to such agreement or document. For further
information about us, please refer to the registration statement and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We file annual, quarterly
and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet
at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . The SEC’s website contains reports, proxy statements and other information
regarding issuers, such as Applied Digital Corporation, that file electronically with the SEC. We make available free of charge through
our web site our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule
14A and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished
to the SEC. Our website address is www.applieddigital.com . Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual
reference only. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not part of this prospectus or the prospectus supplement
and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this prospectus
or the prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone
to provide you with any information other than that contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, or in a document to which
we expressly have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information
that others may give you. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the
front cover of this prospectus. 16 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate
by reference” into this prospectus the information we have filed with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to those documents. Any information that we file subsequently with the SEC will automatically update this prospectus.
We incorporate by reference into this prospectus the information contained in the documents listed below, which is considered to be a
part of this prospectus: ● | The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2025, filed with the Commission on July 30, 2025;
● | The Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2025, filed with the Commission on October 9, 2025;
● | The Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 2, 2025 , June 20, 2025 , August 15, 2025 , August 29, 2025 (as amended on September 3, 2025 ), September 12, 2025 , September 26, 2025 , October 9, 2025 , October 17, 2025 , October 21, 2025 , November 6, 2025 , November 10, 2025 , November 12, 2025 , November 14, 2025 , November 20, 2025 and December 2, 2025 (other than any portions thereof deemed furnished and not filed);
● | The Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the Commission on September 22, 2025; and
● | The description of our common stock in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the Commission on April 11, 2022, including any amendment or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description, including the Description of Capital Stock filed as Exhibit 4.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2025, as filed with the Commission on July 30, 2025. We also incorporate by reference
all documents we file under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (a) after the initial filing date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part and before the effectiveness of the registration statement and (b) after the effectiveness
of the registration statement and before the filing of a post-effective amendment that indicates that the securities offered by this prospectus
have been sold or that deregisters the securities covered by this prospectus then remaining unsold. The most recent information that we
file with the SEC automatically updates and supersedes older information. The information contained in any such filing will be deemed
to be a part of this prospectus, commencing on the date on which the document is filed. Nothing in this prospectus
shall be deemed to incorporate information furnished but not filed with the SEC pursuant to Item 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K. We will furnish without charge
to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request, a copy of any documents
incorporated by reference other than exhibits to those documents. Requests should be addressed to: Applied Digital Corporation Attn: Wes Cummins Chief Executive Officer 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd., Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75219 Phone number: (214) 427-1704 Any statement contained in
this prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus will be deemed to be modified
or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or any other subsequently filed
document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus modifies or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified
or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. You should rely only on information
contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different
from that contained in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. 17 Part II Information Not Required in Prospectus Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. Set forth below are the expenses
expected to be incurred in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities registered hereby and payable by us. With the
exception of the SEC registration fee, the amounts set forth below are estimates. Amount
SEC registration fee | $ | 9,052.46
Printing and engraving expenses | -
Fees and expenses of legal counsel | 75,000.00
Accounting fees and expenses | 25,000.00
Transfer agent and registrar fees | -
Miscellaneous | -
Total | $ | 109,052.46 Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Section 78.138 of the Nevada
Revised Statutes, or NRS, provides that, unless the corporation’s articles of incorporation provide otherwise, a director or officer
will not be individually liable unless the presumption that it is acting in good faith and on an informed basis with a view to the interests
of the corporation has been rebutted, and it is proven that (i) the director’s or officer’s acts or omissions constituted
a breach of his or her fiduciary duties, and (ii) such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law.
Our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, provide that no director or officer shall have any personal liability
to the Company or its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for (i) acts that involve
intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Nevada corporate law. Section 78.7502(1) of the
NRS provides that a corporation may indemnify, pursuant to that statutory provision, any person who was or is a party or is threatened
to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation or other enterprise or as a manager of a limited liability company, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action, suit or proceeding
if he is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his
or her conduct was unlawful. NRS 78.7502(2) permits a corporation
to indemnify, pursuant to that statutory provision, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that
such person acted in any of the capacities set forth above against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’
fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted under
similar standards, except that no indemnification pursuant to NRS 78.7502 may be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which
such person shall have been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after any appeals taken therefrom, to be liable to the corporation
or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought
or other court of competent jurisdiction determines that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. NRS 78.751(1) provides that a corporation shall indemnify any person
who is a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection
with defending an action (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees), to the extent that the person is successful on the merits
or otherwise in defense of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is
or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or as a manager of a limited
liability company, or any claim, issue or matter in such action. II- 1 NRS 78.751 provides that the
indemnification pursuant to NRS 78.7502 shall not be deemed exclusive or exclude any other rights to which the indemnified party may be
entitled (except that indemnification may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer finally adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction, after exhaustion of any appeals taken therefrom, to be liable for intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of
the law and such intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law was material to the cause of action) and that the indemnification
shall continue as to directors, officers, employees or agents who have ceased to hold such positions, and to their heirs, executors and
administrators. NRS 78.752 permits a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of a director, officer, employee or agent
of the corporation against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by him or her in any such capacity or arising out of
his or her status as such whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liabilities. Section 78.752 of the NRS
provides that a Nevada company may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is
or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director, officer,
employee, or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, for any liability asserted against him
and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent, or arising out of his status as
such, whether or not the company has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. Our Third Amended and Restated
Bylaws, as amended (the “Bylaws”), provide that the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable
law, pay the expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding
in advance of its final disposition. In addition, we have entered
into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require
us to indemnify our directors and certain executive officers for certain expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments and fines
incurred by such director or executive officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors or executive
officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. We maintain a directors’
and officers’ insurance policy pursuant to which our directors and officers are insured against liability for actions taken in their
capacities as directors and officers. We believe these provisions in the Bylaws and these indemnification agreements are necessary to
attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or control persons, in the opinion of the SEC,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. II- 2 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit No. | Description
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2023).
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations for the Series E Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2024).
3.3 | Certificate of Amendment, dated June 11, 2024, to Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2024).
3.4 | Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series F Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 30, 2024).
3.5 | Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024).
3.6 | Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation, relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 21, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024).
3.7 | Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation, relating to the Series B Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 21, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024).
3.8 | Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation, relating to the Series D Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 21, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024).
3.9 | Certificate of Designations of the Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Restrictions of Series E-1 Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 8, 2024. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2024).
3.10 | Certificate of Amendment, dated November 20, 2024, to Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2024).
3.11 | Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation, relating to the Series F Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 11, 2025. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on April 14, 2025).
3.12 | Certificate of Designations of the Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Restrictions of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 30, 2025. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2025).
3.13 | Amendment to Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 14, 2025. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025).
3.14 | Amendment to Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on September 11, 2025. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2025).
3.15 | Amendment to Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on September 25, 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2025).
3.16 | Amendment to Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 14, 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2025).
3.17 | Amendment to Certificate of the Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 21, 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2025).
3.18 | Certificate of Amendment, dated November 6, 2025, to Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2025).
4.1 | Form of Warrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2025).
10.1 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 6, 2025, by and between Applied Digital Corporation, MIP VI DC REIT AIV, L.P. and MIP VI REIT AIV, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2025)
5.1* | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP).
23.2* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (CBIZ CPAs P.C.).
23.3* | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24.1* | Power of Attorney (included on signature page).
107* | Filing Fee Table. *  Filed herewith. II- 3 Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period
in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any
prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect
in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and
price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement; (iii) To include
any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material
change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i),
(a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) shall not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs
is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference herein in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus
filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose
of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration
statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration
by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. II- 4 (4) That, for the purpose
of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) Each prospectus
filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus
was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating
to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a)
of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such
form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described
in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter,
such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement
to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference herein into the registration statement or prospectus
that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede
or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made
in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; (5) That, for the purpose
of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities,
the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration
statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to
such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will
be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary
prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing
prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion
of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its
securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication
that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) That, for purposes of
determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a)
or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual
report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference herein in the registration
statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless
in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by
the final adjudication of such issue. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, Applied Digital Corporation certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Dallas, State of Texas, on the 5th day of December, 2025. APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION
By: | /s/ Wes Cummins
Wes Cummins Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Wes Cummins and Saidal L. Mohmand, or any one of them,
as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including pre-effective and post-effective amendments) to this registration
statement on Form S-3 and any subsequent registration filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Wes Cummins | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman | December 5, 2025
Wes Cummins | ( Principal Executive Officer )
/s/ Saidal L. Mohmand | Chief Financial Officer | December 5, 2025
Saidal L. Mohmand | ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer )
/s/ Chuck Hastings | Director | December 5, 2025
Chuck Hastings
/s/ Douglas Miller | Director | December 5, 2025
Douglas Miller
/s/ Richard Nottenburg | Director | December 5, 2025
Richard Nottenburg
/s/ Rachel Lee | Director | December 5, 2025
Rachel Lee
/s/ Ella Benson | Director | December 5, 2025
Ella Benson II- 6