false 0001144879 0001144879 2025-12-18 2025-12-18 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 December
18, 2025 (Date
of earliest event reported) APPLIED
DIGITAL CORPORATION (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-31968 | 95-4863690
(State or other jurisdiction | (Commission | (IRS Employer
of incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd. , Suite 2100 , Dallas , TX | 75219
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) 214 - 427-1704 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ☐ | Emerging growth company If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock | APLD | Nasdaq Global Select Market Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Promissory
Note On
December 18, 2025 (the “Closing Date”), APLD DevCo LLC (the “Borrower”), a Delaware limited liability
company and a subsidiary of Applied Digital Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), entered into an ongoing
credit arrangement with Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Lender”), for the purposes of funding
the initial sourcing, planning, development and construction costs associated with a new data center project (the “DevCo Facility”)
and other potential projects. The
DevCo Facility is evidenced by, among other documents, a promissory note (the “Promissory Note”) executed by the Borrower
in favor of the Lender. The Promissory Note provides for a principal sum of (a) $45 million (the “First Draw”), which was
drawn on the Closing Date, plus (b) $55 million (the “Second Draw,” and, together with the First Draw, each, a “Draw”
and, collectively, the “Initial Loan”), to be funded upon the Borrower’s request at any time after the Closing
Date subject to satisfaction of or waiver by the Lender of certain conditions precedent on or prior to the Second
Draw, plus (c) the principal sum of any Additional Loans (as defined below, and, together with the Initial Loan, the “Loan”),
if applicable, made by the Lender (at the mutual consent of the Borrower and the Lender). The First Draw is fully committed, but the
Second Draw and any Additional Loans or Rollover Loans (as defined below) made by the Lender under the Promissory Note would be on an
uncommitted, discretionary basis (with no specified maximum borrowing limit for any Additional Loans or Rollover Loans). The
Loan shall bear interest at 8.0% per annum, unless an Event of Default (as defined therein) has occurred and is continuing, in which
case, the Secured Obligations (as defined therein) shall bear interest at the sum of 8.0% per annum plus an additional 1.50% per month
(the “Post-Default Rate”). From the Closing Date until the date that is twelve months following the Closing Date (the “PIK
Period”), accrued interest will be paid in kind, with such payment in kind being capitalized to principal monthly and at such other
times as may be specified in the Promissory Note. After the PIK Period, accrued interest will be paid in cash, provided that (i) the
Post-Default Rate interest is payable in cash on demand and (ii) accrued interest on any principal amount repaid or prepaid is payable
on the date of such repayment or prepayment. The
Loan matures on the earliest of (i) the date of acceleration of the Loan, (ii) July 18, 2026, if the Initial Lease Execution (as
defined therein) has not occurred on or before April 18, 2026, or (iii) December 18, 2027 (the “Maturity Date”).
The Loan will accelerate and the Borrower must mandatorily prepay the full outstanding principal balance of the Loan, together with accrued
interest to the date of prepayment on the principal amount prepaid and any other amounts then due and payable, upon the occurrence of
any of the following conditions: (a) a Change of Control (as defined therein), (b) within ninety (90) days following the occurrence of
the Initial Lease Execution, (c) within thirty (30) days following the issuance of a Qualifying Preference Share Issuance (as defined
therein) and (d) within twenty (20) business days following the consummation of an SPV Sale (as defined therein); provided that,
upon the Borrower’s request, the Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to have the amounts due from the consummation of an
SPV Sale to instead be reinvested by the Borrower into another project on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. 2 The
Borrower may voluntarily prepay all or part of the Promissory Note at any time with no less than three (3) business days’ notice
with accrued interest to the date of prepayment on the principal amount prepaid, so long as, (a) with respect to the amount outstanding
under the First Draw, such prepayment is accompanied by the payment of amounts sufficient to achieve a rate of return that equals 1.25
to 1.00; provided that, such rate of return shall be reduced to (i) on or prior to the date that is four (4) months after the date on
which the First Draw is funded, 1.06:1.00 or (ii) after the date that is four (4) months after the date on which the First Draw is funded
but prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the date on which the First Draw is funded, 1.10:1.00; (b) with respect to the
amount outstanding under the Second Draw, such prepayment is accompanied by the payment of amounts sufficient to achieve a rate of return
that equals 1.25 to 1.00; provided that, (x) if the Second Draw is funded within six (6) months of the date on which the First Draw is
funded, and the prepayment occurs at any time thereafter, such rate of return shall be reduced to (i) on or prior to the date that is
four (4) months after the date on which the Second Draw is funded, 1.06:1.00 or (ii) after the date that is four (4) months after the
date on which the Second Draw is funded but prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the date on which the Second Draw is funded,
1.10:1.00 and (y) if the Second Draw is funded more than within six (6) months after the date on which the First Draw is funded, and
such prepayment occurs at any time thereafter, such rate of return shall be reduced to, after the date that is six (6) months after the
date on which the First Draw is funded but prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the date on which the First Draw is funded,
1.10:1.00; and (c) with respect to the amount outstanding under the Rollover Loans (as defined below) or any Additional Loans, such prepayment
is accompanied by the payment of amounts sufficient to achieve a rate of return on capital as determined by mutual agreement of the Lender
and the Borrower. The same return hurdles apply to repayment at maturity. Amounts extended and repaid under the Promissory Note will
not be available to be re-borrowed, except as permitted by Section 2(j) therein with respect to any Rollover Loans or Additional Loans. Proceeds
of the Loan under the Promissory Note will be used, in part, to (i) pay transaction expenses in connection with the Note Documents (as
defined therein) and (ii) fund the purchase, development and improvement of, and the purchase of equipment for, the Company’s latest
new project under development. In
addition, the Promissory Note provides for, upon request of the Borrower occurring prior to the Maturity Date, (a) rolling over of the
outstanding principal balance of the Loan from time to time into one or more loans for one or more new projects (such rollovers, the
“Rollover Loans”), or (b) increasing the size of the existing Loan by advancing new loans to the Borrower (such loans, the
“Additional Loans”), in either case, for the purpose of financing development activities at new or existing data center projects
at direct or indirect, wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of the Borrower, each of which shall become a guarantor with respect to such
Additional Loans or Rollover Loans, as applicable, subject to the prior written approval of the Lender (in its sole discretion) and the
satisfaction of the conditions specified by the Lender, including those conditions set forth in Section 2(j) of the Promissory Note.
Any Rollover Loans and any Additional Loans constitute an uncommitted term loan facility, and the Lender has no obligation to provide,
commit to provide, or continue to make available any Rollover Loans or Additional Loans unless and until the Lender, in its sole discretion,
has approved such Rollover Loans or Additional Loans in writing and all applicable conditions specified by the Lender have been satisfied
or waived. Any Rollover Loans or any Additional Loans may be requested by the Borrower and considered by the Lender even if the outstanding
principal balance of the Promissory Note at that time is $0, and neither a payment in full of the Promissory Note nor prepayment in full
of the Loan shall, by itself, terminate such uncommitted DevCo Facility. The DevCo Facility shall terminate no later than December 18,
2027. Guarantee
and Collateral Agreement and Parent Guarantee In
connection with the Loan, (i) the Borrower, APLD Intermediate HoldCo LLC (“Intermediate Holdings”), a Delaware limited liability
company, as parent of the Borrower, and the Borrower’s subsidiaries have entered into a guarantee and collateral agreement, as
grantors thereunder, in favor of the Lender (the “Guarantee and Collateral Agreement”) pursuant to which the Borrower, Intermediate
Holdings, and the other Grantors defined therein pledged a continuing security interest in substantially all of their respective assets
except for Excluded Assets (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) and (ii) the Company provided a guarantee (the “Parent
Guarantee”) in favor of the Lender that includes certain covenants that limit the Company’s ability to (a) transfer or dispose
of any Collateral (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) without the prior written consent of the Lender, (b) grant certain
liens upon or with respect to the Collateral, and (c) allow the Borrower and its subsidiaries to sell or otherwise transfer assets to
their affiliates, subject to certain specified exceptions in each case. The Borrower will also grant mortgages to the Lender over certain
properties. 3 In
connection with the DevCo Facility, Northland Securities, Inc. (d/b/a Northland Capital Markets) acted as sole placement agent and
Crédit Agricole CIB, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, and TCBI Securities, Inc. (d/b/a Texas Capital Services) acted as
financial advisors to the Company. The
foregoing descriptions of the Promissory Note, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, and the Parent Guarantee do not purport to be
complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of each agreement, filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3,
respectively to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The
information set forth in “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” is incorporated by reference herein in its
entirety. Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On
December 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it has entered into a loan facility with the Lender to fund the
development of new data center projects. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference
herein. The
information in this Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 will not be treated as “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. This information
will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or into another filing under the
Exchange Act, unless that filing expressly incorporates this information by reference. Forward-Looking
Statements This
Current Report on Form 8-K and other reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC contains “forward-looking statements”
as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, future operating and financial performance,
product development, market position, business strategy and objectives and future financing plans. These statements use words, and variations
of words, such as “will,” “continue,” “build,” “future,” “increase,” “drive,”
“believe,” “look,” “ahead,” “confident,” “deliver,” “outlook,”
“expect,” “project” and “predict.” Other examples of forward-looking statements may include, but
are not limited to, (i) statements that reflect perspectives and expectations regarding lease agreements and any current or prospective
data center campus development, (ii) statements about the high-performance computing (HPC) industry, (iii) statements of Company plans
and objectives, including the Company’s evolving business model, or estimates or predictions of actions by suppliers, (iv) statements
of future economic performance, (v) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about the Company or its business
and (vi) the Company’s plans to obtain future project financing. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on current expectations of future events and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions
prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the Company’s
expectations and projections. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, among others: our ability to complete construction
of our data center campuses as planned; the lead time of customer acquisition and leasing decisions and related internal approval processes;
changes to artificial intelligence and high performance compute infrastructure needs and their impact on future plans; costs related
to the HPC operations and strategy; our ability to timely deliver any services required in connection with completion of installation
under the lease agreements; our ability to raise additional capital to fund the ongoing datacenter construction and operations; our ability
to obtain financing of datacenter leases on acceptable financing terms, or at all; our dependence on principal customers, including our
ability to execute and perform our obligations under our leases with key customers, including without limitation, the datacenter leases
with CoreWeave and at our Polaris Forge 2 campus and future tenants; our ability to timely and successfully build new hosting facilities
with the appropriate contractual margins and efficiencies; power or other supply disruptions and equipment failures; the inability to
comply with regulations, developments and changes in regulations; cash flow and access to capital; availability of financing to continue
to grow our business; decline in demand for our products and services; maintenance of third party relationships; and conditions in the
debt and equity capital markets. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in the Company’s
most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in the sections captioned “Forward-Looking
Statements” and “Risk Factors,” and in the Company’s subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov , on the Company’s website ( www.applieddigital.com ) under
“Investors,” or on request from the Company. Information in this Current Report on Form 8-K is as of the dates and time periods
indicated herein, and the Company does not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials, except as required
by law. 4 Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d)
Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
10.1*^ | Promissory Note, dated December 18, 2025, issued by APLD DevCo LLC and payable to Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc.
10.2* | Parent Guarantee, dated December 18, 2025, issued by Applied Digital Corporation in favor of Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc.
10.3*^ | Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated December 18, 2025, by APLD DevCo LLC, APLD Intermediate HoldCo LLC, and the other Grantors defined therein in favor of Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc.
99.1 | Press Release, dated December 18, 2025.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). *
Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. ^ The schedules to this agreement have been omitted pursuant
to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon
request. 5 SIGNATURE Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: December 22, 2025 | By: | /s/ Saidal L. Mohmand
Name: | Saidal L. Mohmand
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 6