8-K 1 flst_8k-110706.htm FLIGHT SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FORM 8-K UNITED STATES UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 7, 2006 FLIGHT SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | 000-33305 (Commission File Number) | 95-4863690 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 28 Cottrell Street, Mystic, Connecticut 06355 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) (860) 245-0191 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 8.01. OTHER EVENTS Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This report contains forward looking statements identified by the use of words such as should, believes, plans, goals, expects, may, will, objectives, missions, or the negative thereof, other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Such statements are based on currently available information which management has assessed but which is dynamic and subject to rapid change due to risks and uncertainties that affect our business, including, but not limited to, the outcome of pending class action litigation alleging violations of federal securities laws, the outcome of Massachusetts federal district court litigation initiated by Analogic Corporation concerning our TIICM™ technology, whether the government will implement WVAS at all or with the inclusion of a SOCRATES® wake vortex sensor, the impact of competitive products and pricing, limited visibility into future product demand, slower economic growth generally, difficulties inherent in the development of complex technology, new products sufficiency, availability of capital to fund operations, research and development, fluctuations in operating results, and other risks detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Note: Information in this report furnished pursuant to Item 8.01 shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in this current report shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The furnishing of the information in this current report is not intended to, and does not, constitute a representation that such furnishing is required by Regulation FD or that the information this current report contains is material investor information that is not otherwise publicly available. On November 7, 2006, the Registrant issued a press release that summarizes an interview it gave to Wall Street.Net in which it updated the testing schedule for its AWSM technology and announced that the Company has received "expressions of interest" from certain U.S. Airports to explore "beta site" installations of the Company's AWSM technology, and also is discussing the possibility of a beta site installation with Emirates Airlines in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. A transcript of the interview and copy of the press release are attached hereto. Item 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 99.2 | Transcript of Interview Press Release dated November 7, 2006 1 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. FLIGHT SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Date: November 7, 2006 /s/ Samuel A. Kovnat
Samuel A. Kovnat Chief Executive Officer 2