false 0001144879 0001144879 2025-12-29 2025-12-29 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 December
29, 2025 (Date
of earliest event reported) APPLIED
DIGITAL CORPORATION (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-31968 | 95-4863690
(State or other jurisdiction | (Commission | (IRS Employer
of incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 3811 Turtle Creek Blvd. , Suite 2100 , Dallas , TX | 75219
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) 214 - 427-1704 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ☐ Emerging growth company If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock | APLD | Nasdaq Global Select Market Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On
December 29, 2025, Applied Digital Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing that
it has entered into a non-binding term sheet for a proposed business combination (the “Proposed Transaction”) of its cloud
computing business, Applied Digital Cloud, with EKSO Bionics Holdings, Inc. (“EKSO”). A copy of the press release is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The
information in this Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 will not be treated as “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. This information
will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or into another filing under the
Exchange Act, unless that filing expressly incorporates this information by reference. Additional
Information and Where to Find It Depending
on the transaction structure, ChronoScale (the go-forward
company created as a result of the Proposed Transaction) expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the “Registration Statement”), which will include a preliminary
proxy statement of EKSO and a prospectus (the “Proxy Statement/Prospectus”) in connection with the Proposed Transaction.
Alternatively, EKSO may file a standalone proxy statement. In either case, the definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents
will be mailed to shareholders of EKSO as of a record date to be established for voting on the Proposed Transaction and other matters
as described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Applied Digital and EKSO will also file other documents regarding the Proposed Transaction
with the SEC. This Current Report on Form 8-K (this “Report”) does not contain all of the information that should be considered
concerning the Proposed Transaction and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect
of the Proposed Transaction. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, SHAREHOLDERS OF EKSO AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED
TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH EKSO’S SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR
THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND OTHER MATTERS AS DESCRIBED IN THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT APPLIED DIGITAL, EKSO, CHRONOSCALE AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors
and security holders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and all other
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by ChronoScale, APPLIED DIGITAL and EKSO, without charge, once available, on the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov . NEITHER
THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY AGENCY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED HEREIN, PASSED UPON
THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTIONS OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE DISCLOSURE
IN THIS REPORT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY CONSTITUTES A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. Participants
in the Solicitation Applied
Digital, EKSO, ChronoScale and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in
the solicitation of proxies from EKSO’s shareholders in connection with the Proposed Transaction. A list of the names of such directors
and executive officers, and information regarding their interests in the Proposed Transaction and their ownership of EKSO securities
are, or will be, contained in EKSOs and ChronoScale filings with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of the persons
who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of EKSOs shareholders in connection with the Proposed
Transaction, including the names and interests of ChronoScale and EKSO’s directors and executive officers, will be set forth in
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is expected to be filed by EKSO and ChronoScale with the SEC. Investors and security holders
may obtain free copies of these documents as described above. No
Offer or Solicitation This
Report is for informational purposes only and is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect
to any securities or in respect of the Proposed Transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or exchange the securities of Applied Digital Cloud, ChronoScale or EKSO, or any commodity or instrument or related
derivative, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, sale or
exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of
securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), or an exemption therefrom. Investors should consult with their counsel as to the applicable requirements for a purchaser
to avail itself of any exemption under the Securities Act. Forward-Looking
Statements This
Current Report on Form 8-K and other reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC contains “forward-looking statements”
as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, future operating and financial performance,
product development, market position, business strategy and objectives and future financing plans. These statements use words, and variations
of words, such as “will,” “continue,” “build,” “future,” “increase,” “drive,”
“believe,” “look,” “ahead,” “confident,” “deliver,” “outlook,”
“demonstrates,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “design,” “seek,”
“potential,” “aim,” “may” and “predict.” Other examples of forward-looking statements
may include, but are not limited to, (i) statements regarding the parties entering into definitive
documentation with respect to, and the closing of, the Proposed Transaction and the timing of the Proposed Transaction, (ii) statements
regarding certain filings the parties expect to make with the SEC in connection with the Proposed Transaction, including statements regarding
the filing of the preliminary and definitive proxy statement to solicit shareholder votes of the EKSO shareholders; (iii) statements
regarding the business to be created by the Proposed Transaction, including the anticipated benefits of ChronoScale’s accelerated
compute platform; (iv) statements regarding the combined business, (v) statements about the High Performance Computing (HPC) industry,
(vi) statements of combined company’s plans and objectives, including its evolving business model, or estimates or predictions
of actions by suppliers and current and potential customers, (vii) statements of future economic performance, (viii) statements of assumptions
underlying other statements and statements about the combined company or its business, and (ix) statements regarding Applied Digital’s
ability to scale independently. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based
on current expectations of future events and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the Company’s expectations and projections.
These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include: our ability to negotiate and execute definitive documentation with respect to
the Proposed Transaction; our ability to close the Proposed Transaction; difficulties and delays in integrating the combined business
resulting from the Proposed Transaction; higher than anticipated transaction costs; our ability to realize the contemplated financial,
business or strategic benefits associated with the Proposed Transaction; the ability of the combined business to retain key customers,
employees and relationships; changes to AI and HPC infrastructure needs and their impact on future plans; the parties’ ability
to raise additional capital to fund the combined company’s business plan; our dependence on a small number of principal customers;
power or other supply disruptions and equipment failures; the parties’ inability to comply with regulations, developments and changes
in regulations; cash flow and access to capital; availability of project and other financing to grow the combined company; decline in
demand for the combined company’s products and services; maintenance of third party relationships; and conditions in the debt and
equity capital markets. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in the Company’s
most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in the sections captioned “Forward-Looking
Statements” and “Risk Factors,” and in the Company’s subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov , on the Company’s website ( www.applieddigital.com ) under
“Investors,” or on request from the Company. Information in this Current Report on Form 8-K is as of the dates and time periods
indicated herein, and the Company does not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials, except as required
by law. Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d)
Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press Release, dated December 29, 2025.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: December 29, 2025 | By: | /s/ Saidal L. Mohmand
Name: | Saidal L. Mohmand
Title: | Chief Financial Officer