apld-20240709 0001144879 FALSE 0001144879 2024-07-09 2024-07-09 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 July 9, 2024 (Date of earliest event reported ) APPLIED DIGITAL CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-31968 | 95-4863690
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 3811 Turtle Creek Boulevard, | Suite 2100, | Dallas, | Texas | 75219
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) 214 - 427-1704 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). o Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock | APLD | Nasdaq Global Select Market Item 2.02. | Results of Operations and Financial Condition On July 9, 2024, Applied Digital Corporation (the “Company”), announced its current and preliminary expectations of the Company’s financial results for the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31, 2024. These numbers remain subject to adjustment in connection with the pending audit of the Company’s financial statements. For the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31, 2024, the Company estimates that its revenues will be approximately $41.7 million to $43.7 million and Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) will be in the range of $2.8 million to $4.8 million. “EBITDA” is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including stock-based compensation, litigation expenses, and fair value changes in financial instruments, amongst others. These costs have been adjusted as they are not indicative of business operations. “Adjusted EBITDA” is a financial measure that is not presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. However, we cannot reconcile our estimated range of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP measure, without unreasonable efforts because of the unpredictable or unknown nature of certain significant items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and the resulting difficulty in quantifying the amounts thereof that are necessary to estimate net income (loss). Specifically, we are unable to estimate the future impact of certain items, including income tax expense (benefit) and certain fair value changes in financial instruments. We expect the variability of these items could have a significant impact on our reported GAAP financial results. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. It is intended as a supplemental measure of our performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. We also believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful metrics to investors because they provide additional information regarding factors and trends affecting our business, which are used in the business planning process to understand expected operating performance, to evaluate results against those expectations, and because of their importance as measures of underlying operating performance, as the primary compensation performance measure under certain programs and plans. In addition, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that its future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. The estimated preliminary financial results presented above are subject to the completion of our financial closing procedures for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2024, which have not yet been completed. Our actual results for the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31, 2024 may differ materially from these estimates. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance upon these preliminary financial results. For instance, during the course of the preparation of the respective financial statements and related notes, additional items that would require material adjustments to be made to the preliminary estimated financial results presented above may be identified. The preliminary financial data included in this report has been prepared by and is the responsibility of our management. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the preliminary financial data set forth above. Accordingly, Marcum LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to these financial figures. The preliminary estimated financial results were not prepared with the view to complying with published guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of preliminary estimated results of operations. The estimated preliminary financial results described above constitute forward-looking statements. Our estimates of results are based solely on information available to us as of the date of this report and are inherently uncertain. We believe that such information and estimates are based on reasonable assumptions and reasonable judgment. Factors that could cause the actual results to differ include the discovery of new information that affects accounting estimates, management judgment or impacts valuation methodologies underlying these estimated results; the completion of our financial and other closing procedures for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 and the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements; and a variety of business, economic and competitive risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, and we undertake no obligation to update this information, except as required by law. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these preliminary estimated unaudited financial results. 2 In accordance with General Instructions B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, the estimated preliminary financial information described above, future operating and financial performance, product development, market position, business strategy and objectives. These statements use words, and variations of words, such as "continue," "build," "future," "increase," "drive," "believe," "look," "ahead," "confident," "deliver," "outlook," "expect," and "predict." Other examples of forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, (i) statements of Company plans and objectives, including our evolving business model, or estimates or predictions of actions by suppliers, (ii) statements of future economic performance, and (iii) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about the Company or its business. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the Company's expectations and projections. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include: decline in demand for our products and services; the volatility of the crypto asset industry; the inability to comply with developments and changes in regulation; cash flow and access to capital; and maintenance of third party relationships. Information in this release is as of the dates and time periods indicated herein, and the Company does not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials, except as required by law. 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: July 9, 2024 | By: | /s/ David Rench
Name: | David Rench
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 4