10-K 1 d10k.htm ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2007 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 10-K (Mark One) x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2007 or ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: 000-29959 Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1911336
(State or other jurisdiction of | (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) | Identification Number) 2211 Bridgepointe Parkway Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94404 (650) 624-8200 (Address, including
zip code, or registrant’s principal executive offices and telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock, $0.001 par value Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(D) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
“accelerated filer and large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer x | Non-accelerated filer ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2). Yes ¨ No x The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was $282,226,010 computed by reference to the last sales price of $8.71 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, as of the
last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2007. The number of shares
outstanding of the Registrant’s common stock on January 23, 2008 was 44,307,603. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are incorporated by reference to Part III of this Form 10-K Report. Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. FORM 10-K INDEX Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business | 2
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 10
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 25
Item 2. | Properties | 25
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 25
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | 25
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 26
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 28
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 29
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 37
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 38
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 58
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 58
Item 9B. | Other Information | 60
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 60
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 60
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 60
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence | 60
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 61
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 61 Table of Contents PART I This document contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations that are
within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. We intend that such statements be protected by the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the timing of
events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about: • | collaboration revenue to be received from King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or King, and other payments we may receive from our strategic alliances; • | the duration of the development period for all four expected drug candidates under our collaboration with King; • | expected filing dates for a New Drug Application, or NDA, for Remoxy™ with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; • | anticipated clinical trials and number of patients to be enrolled in clinical trials; • | potential sources of clinical and commercial supply of Remoxy and its components; • | expansion of our potential product line, including the formulation of additional dosage forms of our drug candidates; • | future operating losses and anticipated operating and capital expenditures; • | uses of proceeds from our securities offerings; • | the potential benefits of our drug candidates; • | the sufficiency of materials required for the clinical development of our drug candidates; • | the size of the potential market for our products; • | the utility of protection of our intellectual property; • | expected future sources of revenue and capital and increasing cash needs; • | potential competitors or competitive products; • | future market acceptance of our drug candidates and potential drug candidates; • | expenses increasing or fluctuations in our operating results; • | future expectations regarding trade secrets, technological innovations, licensing agreements and outsourcing of certain business functions; • | anticipated hiring and development of our internal systems and infrastructure; • | the sufficiency of our current resources to fund our operations over the next twelve months; • | assumptions and estimates used for our disclosures regarding stock-based compensation; and • | estimates concerning the provision for income taxes and realization of deferred tax assets. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties relating to: • | the successful development of drug candidates pursuant to our collaboration agreements, including our collaboration agreement with King, and the continuation of such agreements; • | difficulties or delays in development, testing, clinical trials (including patient enrollment), regulatory approval, production and commercialization of our drug candidates; 1 Table of Contents • | unexpected adverse side effects or inadequate therapeutic efficacy of our drug candidates that could slow or prevent product approval (including the risk that current and past results of clinical trials are not indicative of future results of clinical trials) or potential post-approval market acceptance; • | the uncertainty of patent protection for our intellectual property or trade secrets; • | potential infringement of the intellectual property rights or trade secrets of third parties; • | pursuing in-license and acquisition opportunities; • | hiring and retaining personnel; and • | our financial position and our ability to obtain additional financing if necessary. In addition, such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in the “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this document. Item 1. | Business Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. We have four drug candidates in clinical programs, including Remoxy, Oxytrex™, PTI-202
and a novel radio-labeled monoclonal antibody to treat metastatic melanoma. We are also working on a new treatment for patients with hemophilia. We were incorporated in Delaware in May 1998. We and King are engaged in a strategic alliance to develop and commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King made an upfront
cash payment of $150.0 million to us at the closing of this strategic alliance in December 2005 and paid us $5.0 million as a milestone payment in connection with the acceptance by the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, for
PTI-202. We could also receive from King an additional $145.0 million in milestone payments in the course of clinical development of Remoxy, PTI-202 and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. In addition, subject to
certain limitations, King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement. King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs developed
in connection with the strategic alliance. King is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales of drugs developed in connection with the strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in net sales of such drugs, for which the royalty is
set at 15%. Remoxy Remoxy is being
developed as an abuse-resistant long-acting oral oxycodone. Sales of controlled-release oxycodone were nearly $2.0 billion for the year ended August 2005. In December 2007, we and King announced positive results of a Phase III study of Remoxy in patients with chronic pain. The study met the primary endpoint (p value was less than 0.01) that was prospectively defined by
the FDA during a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, process. This pivotal Phase III randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, multi-center trial was designed to evaluate the analgesic efficacy of twice-daily Remoxy versus placebo over a
12-week treatment period. The study randomized 412 male and female patients. All patients were diagnosed with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip, as evidenced by X-ray and clinical criteria of the American College of Rheumatology. Additionally, all
patients had pain intensity scores corresponding to moderate-to-severe pain. Following informed consent, wash-out and dose titration, patients were randomized into a treatment period of 12 weeks. During treatment, patients received twice-daily
Remoxy or matching placebo. The total drug dose per patient per day ranged from 10-80mg. Pain intensity scores were assessed on a pain scale. Concomitant pain medications or rescue medications were not allowed at any point during the 12-week
treatment period. In February 2006, we announced the completion of the SPA with the FDA. An SPA from the FDA specifies the Phase III trial
objective, design, clinical endpoints and analyses needed to support a claim for efficacy. We expect to file an NDA for Remoxy with the FDA in the first half of 2008. 2 Table of Contents The active drug ingredient in Remoxy is oxycodone. Oxycodone is a strong narcotic painkiller that was
developed around 1920 as a substitute for morphine. When used as prescribed, oxycodone can relieve severe chronic pain. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and the national media have linked illicit oxycodone use to widespread patterns
of drug abuse, addiction, diversion and drug overdose. In the United States, drug related emergency room visits are reported by the Department of Health and Human Service’s Drug Abuse Warning Network, or DAWN. DAWN reports 22,000 oxycodone
mentions in emergency room visits in 2002, a 450% increase from 4,000 oxycodone mentions in emergency room visits in 1994. Remoxy is intended to meet the needs of physicians who appropriately prescribe opioid painkillers
and who seek to minimize the risks of drug diversion, abuse or accidental patient misuse as well as the needs of pharmacists and the managed care healthcare system in the United States. Our clinical results to date demonstrate Remoxy is
significantly less abusable than Oxycontin ® , a brand of controlled-release oxycodone. In a variety of clinical comparisons of the abuse-resistant characteristics of Remoxy and Oxycontin,
Oxycontin released significantly more active ingredient than Remoxy during the time when abusers presumably expect to get high. We expect
to complete additional clinical trials or non-clinical studies of Remoxy in 2008, including additional abuse-resistance studies and other registration-enabling studies. We believe the abuse-resistant technology used in Remoxy is applicable to different oral opioid painkillers. Pursuant to our agreement with King, we plan to develop abuse-resistant versions of additional opioid
painkillers using this platform technology. We plan to formulate and scale-up a range of dosage forms of Remoxy. PTI-202 In 2006, we conducted and announced positive data from a Phase I clinical trial program of a second abuse-resistant drug candidate, called PTI-202. The
active ingredient in PTI-202 is an opioid whose identity has not been made public. This clinical trial was designed to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic profile of a single, oral dose of PTI-202 in healthy
volunteers. We believe results also indicate PTI-202 is safe and well-tolerated and its release profile appears well-suited to use with a chronic pain population. Like Remoxy, PTI-202 is intended to meet the needs of physicians who appropriately
prescribe opioid painkillers and who seek to minimize the risks of drug diversion, abuse or accidental patient misuse. In connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the IND for PTI-202, King made a milestone payment to us of $5.0 million in August
2006. Oxytrex Oxytrex is an oral
opioid painkiller with a novel mechanism of action. We have worldwide commercial rights to Oxytrex. Oxytrex is a proprietary combination of two active drug ingredients. The first component is the opioid agonist oxycodone. The second component is an
ultra-low dose of the opioid antagonist naltrexone. Adding an antagonist to an agonist at usual clinical doses blocks the action of the agonist. This effect is clinically useful, for example, to reverse heroin overdose. At an ultra-low-dose,
however, of an opioid antagonist can enhance pain relief and attenuate the development of tolerance or addiction. Oxytrex takes advantage of this effect by combining an opioid agonist with an ultra-low-dose of an opioid antagonist. In late 2007, we initiated a clinical trial of Oxytrex in non-physically dependent patients with a history of drug abuse. The primary objective of this
trial is to evaluate subjective effects of Oxytrex compared to oxycodone alone in individuals with a history of drug abuse. This type of trial is referred to as a ‘liking’ trial, because patients provide subjective information regarding
preferences for one drug versus another drug. We expect to complete this trial in 2008. In late 2006, we initiated a clinical trial of
Oxytrex intended to enroll approximately 120 patients who have each been taking greater than or equal to 120 mg of oxycodone per day for over a year. The study’s primary endpoint is physical dependence/withdrawal scores in patients in the
treatment arm compared to patients receiving placebo. The trial enrolled very few patients during 2007. Due to the difficulty of enrolling patients, we expect to cancel this study of Oxytrex in 2008. 3 Table of Contents We rely on a limited number of third-party manufacturers to manufacture, fill, label, ship and store
Oxytrex. We have had produced on our behalf additional clinical materials necessary to complete our planned clinical trials of Oxytrex. Metastatic
Melanoma In November 2006, we announced a new antibody technology that we believe may enable clinicians to provide effective medical
treatment for metastatic melanoma, a rare but deadly form of skin cancer. Scientists at Albert Einstein College of Medicine developed
novel radio-labeled monoclonal antibodies that target melanoma tumor sites and deliver a short burst of lethal radiation to melanoma tumors. We believe that the specificity of this treatment may be effective against tumors without harming normal
tissue. The technology may also have therapeutic uses outside of oncology. We initiated a Phase I clinical study in Israel in metastatic melanoma in 2007. We expect to complete patient enrollment for this clinical study in 2008. Hemophilia In March 2007, we announced that we had
licensed gene integration technology from Poetic Genetics, Inc., or Poetic. We are developing unique gene integration technology intended to cure hemophilia, which affects 400,000 people worldwide with average treatments ranging between $60,000 and
$150,000 per patient/year. We expect to conduct pre-clinical studies with this technology in 2008. Strategy Our goal is to continue to develop novel drugs that are more effective or safer than drugs used in the clinic today. Our strategy includes the following
elements: Focus on Clinical Development Stage Products. We believe this focus will enable us to generate
product revenues earlier than if we were focused on early-stage research and discovery activities. Retain Significant
Rights to Our Drugs. We currently retain worldwide commercialization rights to all of our technology and drug candidates in all markets and indications, except for Remoxy and certain other abuse-resistant drugs that are subject to our
strategic alliance with King. In general, we intend to independently develop our drug candidates through late-stage clinical trials. In market segments that require large or specialized sales forces, we may seek sales and marketing alliances with
third parties. Outsource Key Functions. We intend to continue to outsource preclinical studies, clinical trials
and formulation and manufacturing activities. We believe outsourcing permits significant time savings and allows for more efficient deployment of our resources. Pursue In-licensing or Acquisition Opportunities. We intend to evaluate promising drug candidates or technologies to further
expand our product pipeline. Our in-licensing strategy consists of evaluating clinical or preclinical stage opportunities in therapeutic areas that can benefit from our core expertise in drug development. Such in-licensing or acquisition
opportunities may be in pain management or in other therapeutic areas outside of pain management. We believe this element of our corporate strategy could diversify some of the risks inherent in focusing on a single therapeutic area and could also
increase our probability of commercial success. We also conduct basic research in collaboration with academic and other partners. Company
sponsored research and development expenditures were $32.9 million, $46.8 million and $47.7 million in 2005, 2006, and 2007 respectively. We recorded contract revenue of $1.4 million, $22.7 million and $42.7 million in 2005, 2006 and 2007,
respectively, related to customer-sponsored research activities under our collaboration with King. 4 Table of Contents Our Intellectual Property We seek to protect our technology by, among other methods, filing and prosecuting U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications with respect to our technology and products and their uses. The focus of our patent
strategy is to secure and maintain intellectual property rights to technology for the following categories of our business: • | the technology that forms the basis for a number of oral gel-cap drug candidates, including Remoxy; • | the clinical use of an ultra-low-dose opioid antagonist, either alone or in combination with an opioid painkiller, for pain management and opioid and other addiction; • | the use of an ultra-low-dose opioid antagonist to render opioid-based products more effective; • | the clinical use of an ultra-low-dose opioid antagonist, either alone or in combination with any opioid painkiller, for the treatment of other conditions; • | the clinical use of radio-labeled monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of metastatic melanoma and certain therapeutic uses outside of oncology; • | the clinical uses of a unique gene integration system intended to treat hemophilia or pain; and • | the manufacture and use of our drug candidates. We plan to prosecute and defend our patent applications, issued patents and proprietary information. Our competitive position and potential future revenues will depend in large part upon our ability to protect our
intellectual property from challenges and to enforce our patent rights against potential infringements. We and our collaborators have
filed patent applications with the U.S. Patent Office to further protect our technologies. Certain patents are issued and a number of patent applications are pending. If issued, we believe these applications would protect certain of our
technologies through at least 2020. If these patent applications do not result in issued patents, the duration or scope of our patent rights may be limited and our future revenues could be lower as a result. If our competitors are able to successfully challenge the validity or scope of our patent rights, based on the existence of prior art or otherwise, they
might be able to market products that contain features and clinical benefits similar to those of our drug candidates, and demand for our drug candidates could decline as a result. We may be involved in additional challenges to our intellectual property. An adverse outcome of any challenges to our intellectual property could result
in loss of claims of these patents that pertain to certain drugs we currently have under development and could have a material adverse impact on our future revenues. Strategic Alliance with King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We have a collaboration agreement and a license
agreement with King to develop and commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us at the closing of this strategic alliance in December 2005. We have received a $5.0
million milestone payment to date from King. We could also receive from King up to $145.0 million in additional milestone payments in the course of clinical development of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic
alliance. In addition, subject to certain limitations, King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement. We formed a joint oversight committee, or JOC, with King to oversee drug development and commercialization strategies for the strategic alliance. Pursuant to the collaboration agreement in the strategic alliance, we
retain sole control of drug development activities in the United States through Phase II clinical trials. We and King will jointly manage Phase III clinical trials and New Drug Applications, or NDA, submissions in 5 Table of Contents the United States. King has responsibility for these development activities outside the United States. Upon regulatory approval, King will assume sole
control and worldwide responsibility to exclusively commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid drugs developed pursuant to the strategic alliance. We retain all development and commercial rights in Australia and New Zealand. Pursuant to the license agreement, King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs
developed pursuant to the strategic alliance, and is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales, except as to the first $1.0 billion in cumulative net sales, for which the royalty is set at 15%. King is also obligated to reimburse us for our
payment of third-party royalty obligations related to this strategic alliance. The collaboration agreement continues until the later of
the expiration of any patent rights licensed under the license agreement or developed under the collaboration agreement and the expiration of all periods of market exclusivity with respect to Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid drug candidates
being developed under the strategic alliance. We and King can terminate the collaboration agreement under certain circumstances, including material breach and insolvency. King can terminate the collaboration agreement six months after the third
anniversary of the effective date of the collaboration agreement, or sooner if the JOC determines that the development program under the collaboration agreement is unlikely to generate any marketable products. Our license agreement with King
terminates at the time that the collaboration agreement terminates. Formulation Agreement with Durect Corporation We have an exclusive, worldwide licensing agreement with Durect Corporation, or Durect, to use a patented technology that forms the basis for a number of
oral gel-cap drug candidates, including Remoxy. We have sub-licensed to King certain rights to develop and to commercialize Remoxy and certain other opioid drugs formulated in part with technology we licensed from Durect. Under the agreement with
Durect, we control all of the preclinical, clinical, commercial manufacturing and sales/marketing activities for Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. We reimburse Durect for formulation and related work, and will make milestone
payments based on the achievement of certain technical, clinical or regulatory milestones. Durect will supply us with certain components of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers on a cost-plus basis. We also are obligated to pay Durect
royalties on any related drug sales. In turn, King is obligated to reimburse us for costs we incur under the agreement with Durect, including royalties. Under our license agreement with King, we are obligated not to amend or terminate our agreement with Durect if an amendment or termination would alter the rights or obligations of King under the collaboration
agreement or license agreement. License of Technology from Albert Einstein College of Medicine We have licensed certain technology from Albert Einstein College of Medicine. We have a worldwide exclusive license to the technology and all intellectual
property rights arising from the technology. Pursuant to the agreements for the licensed technology, we are required to pay Albert Einstein College of Medicine clinical milestone payments and royalties based on a percentage of net drug sales. If a
product is combined with a drug or other substance for which we are paying an additional royalty, the royalty that we pay to Albert Einstein College of Medicine will be reduced by up to one-half of the amount of such additional royalty. Albert Einstein College of Medicine originally received grants from the U.S. federal government to research some of the technology that we license.
The terms of these grants provide the U.S. federal government with a non-exclusive, non-transferable paid-up license to practice inventions made with federal funds. Thus, our licenses are non-exclusive to the extent of the U.S. federal
government’s license. If the U.S. federal government exercises its rights under this license, it could make use of the same technology that we license and the size of our potential market could thereby be reduced. 6 Table of Contents License of Technology from Poetic Genetics, LLC In March 2007, we announced that we licensed novel gene integration technology from Poetic. We have worldwide commercial rights and all intellectual
rights arising from the technology in all indications in hemophilia and pain management. In connection with the license, we paid Poetic an undisclosed upfront fee and we are obliged to pay Poetic milestone payments of up to $4 million in the
aggregate, based on clinical and regulatory progress, and a 4% royalty on net sales, or 6% if the first U.S. sale of a licensed product to treat hemophilia occurs before January 1, 2011. Manufacturing We do not own any manufacturing
facilities. We rely on a limited number of third-party manufacturers to formulate, manufacture, fill, label, ship or store all of our drug candidates. We have entered into agreements with and rely upon qualified third parties for the formulation or
manufacture of our clinical supplies. These supplies and the manufacturing facilities must comply with DEA regulations and current good manufacturing practices, or GMPs, enforced by the FDA and other government agencies. Remoxy uses bulk oxycodone
supplied by Noramco, Inc. Remoxy and PTI-202 are formulated using, in part, proprietary technology licensed from Durect. We and King rely on Durect and other third-party manufacturers to formulate, manufacture, fill, label, ship or store Remoxy and
other abuse-resistant drug candidates and their components. King is responsible for commercial manufacturing of Remoxy. We plan to continue to outsource formulation, manufacturing and related activities. Government Regulation Regulation by governmental
authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the manufacture and marketing of pharmaceuticals and in our ongoing research and development activities. All of our products will require regulatory approval by
governmental agencies prior to commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and other pre-marketing approval requirements by the FDA and regulatory authorities in other
countries. In the United States, various federal, and in some cases state, statutes and regulations also govern or impact upon the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping and marketing of our products. The lengthy process of seeking
required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require us to spend substantial resources. Regulatory approval, when and if obtained, may be limited in scope which may significantly limit the
indicated uses for which our products may be marketed. Further, approved drugs, as well as their manufacturers, are subject to ongoing review and discovery of previously unknown problems with such products that may result in restrictions on their
manufacture, sale or use or in their withdrawal from the market. Applicable FDA regulations require the filing of an NDA and approval by
the FDA prior to commercialization of any of our drug candidates in the United States. The Drug Approval Process We will be required to complete several activities before we can market any of our drug candidates for human use in the United States, including: • | preclinical studies; • | submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials commence; • | adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate; • | submission to the FDA of an NDA; and • | FDA approval of the NDA prior to any commercial sale or shipment of the drug. 7 Table of Contents Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as animal
studies to assess the potential safety of the product. Preclinical safety tests must be conducted by laboratories that comply with FDA regulations regarding Good Laboratory Practice. We submitted the results of preclinical tests to the FDA as part
of our INDs prior to commencing clinical trials. We may be required to conduct additional toxicology studies concurrently with the clinical trials. Based on preclinical testing, an IND is filed with the FDA to begin human testing of the drug in the United States. The IND becomes effective if not rejected by the FDA within 30 days. The IND must indicate the results of previous
experiments, how, where and by whom the new clinical trials will be conducted, the chemical structure of the compound, the method by which it is believed to work in the human body, any toxic effects of the compound found in the animal studies and
how the compound is manufactured. All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with Good Clinical Practice. In addition, an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, generally comprised of physicians at the hospital or clinic where the proposed
clinical trials will be conducted, must review and approve the IND. The IRB also continues to monitor the clinical trial. We must submit progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials to the FDA at least annually. In addition, the FDA
may, at any time during the 30-day period or at any time thereafter, impose a clinical hold on proposed or ongoing clinical trials. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, clinical trials under the IND cannot commence or recommence without FDA
authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. An FDA imposed clinical hold on an IND application can result in substantial delay and large, unforeseen expenses, and it may cancel the viability of developing a new drug candidate in
the United States. Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. Phase I clinical trials typically
study a drug’s safety profile, and may include the safe dosage range. Phase I clinical trials also determine how a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted by the body, and the duration of its action. In addition, we may, to the
extent feasible, assess early indicators of a drug’s efficacy in our Phase I clinical trials. In Phase II clinical trials, controlled studies are conducted on volunteer patients with the targeted disease or condition. The primary purpose of
these tests is to evaluate the effectiveness of the drug on the volunteer patients as well as to determine a drug’s side effect profile. These clinical trials may be conducted concurrently with Phase I clinical trials. In addition, Phase I/II
clinical trials may be conducted to evaluate not only the efficacy of the drug on the patient population, but also its safety. During Phase III clinical trials, the drug is studied in an expanded patient population and in multiple sites. Physicians
monitor the patients to determine efficacy and to observe and report adverse events that may result from use of the drug. Our clinical
trials are designed to produce clinical information about how our drugs perform compared to placebo or compared to existing opioid drugs where appropriate. We have designed most Phase II and Phase III clinical trials to date as randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging studies. A randomized clinical trial is one in which patients are randomly assigned to the various study treatment arms. A double-blind clinical trial is one in which the patient, the physician and our
trial monitor are unaware if the patient is receiving placebo or study drug in order to preserve the integrity of the clinical trial and reduce bias. A placebo-controlled clinical trial is one in which a subset of patients is purposefully given
inactive medication. We may not successfully complete Phase I, Phase II or Phase III clinical trials within any specified time period, or
at all, with respect to any of our drug candidates. Furthermore, we or the FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time in response to concerns that participants are exposed to an unacceptable health risk. After the completion of clinical trials, if there is substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective, an NDA is filed with the FDA. The NDA must
contain all of the information on the drug gathered to that date, including data from the clinical trials. NDAs are often the equivalent of over 100,000 pages in length. The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. In such an event, the NDA must be resubmitted with the additional
information and, again, is subject to review before filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the FDA has 8 Table of Contents 180 days in which to review the NDA and respond to the applicant. The review process is typically extended for significant amounts of time by the FDA’s
requests for additional information or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission. The FDA may refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians, for review, evaluation and a
recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. If the FDA’s evaluations of the NDA and the manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA may issue either
an approval letter, or an approvable letter which usually contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA. When and if those conditions have been met to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an
approval letter, authorizing commercial marketing of the drug for certain indications. If the FDA’s evaluation of the NDA submission or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA may refuse to approve the NDA or issue a not approvable
letter. If the FDA approves the NDA, the drug becomes available for physicians to prescribe. Periodic reports must be submitted to the
FDA, including descriptions of any adverse reactions reported. The FDA may request additional post marketing studies, or Phase IV clinical trials, to evaluate long-term effects of the approved drug. Other Regulatory Requirements The FDA mandates that
drugs be manufactured in conformity with current GMP. If the FDA approves any of our drug candidates we will be subject to requirements for labeling, advertising, record keeping and adverse experience reporting. Failure to comply with these
requirements could result, among other things, in suspension of regulatory approval, recalls, injunctions or civil or criminal sanctions. We may also be subject to regulations under other federal, state, and local laws, including the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Clean Air Act, national restrictions on technology transfer, and import, export, and customs regulations. In addition, any of our products that contain narcotics will be subject to DEA
regulations relating to manufacturing, storage, distribution and physician prescribing procedures. It is possible that any portion of the regulatory framework under which we operate may change and that such change could have a negative impact on our
current and anticipated operations. The Controlled Substances Act imposes various registration, record-keeping and reporting requirements,
procurement and manufacturing quotas, labeling and packaging requirements, security controls and a restriction on prescription refills on certain pharmaceutical products. A principal factor in determining the particular requirements, if any,
applicable to a product is its actual or potential abuse profile. The DEA regulates chemical compounds as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule I substances considered to present the highest risk of substance abuse and Schedule V
substances the lowest risk. Any of our drug candidates that contain a scheduled substance will be subject to regulation by the DEA. Competition Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to achieve market share at the expense of existing and established and future products
in the relevant target markets. Existing and future products, therapies, technological approaches or delivery systems will compete directly with our products. Competing products may provide greater therapeutic benefits for a specific indication, or
may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. Companies that currently sell generic or proprietary opioid formulations include, but are not limited to, Roxane Laboratories, Purdue Pharma, Abbott Laboratories, Cephalon, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Teva
Pharmaceuticals, Elkins-Sinn, Watson Laboratories, Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical and Forest Pharmaceuticals. Alternative technologies are being developed to increase opioid potency, as well as alternatives to opioid therapy for pain management, and
improved treatments for metastatic melanoma and hemophilia, several of which are in clinical trials or are awaiting approval from the FDA. We compete with fully integrated pharmaceutical companies, smaller companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many
of these competitors have opioid drugs already approved by the FDA or in development and operate larger research and development programs in these fields than we do. In addition, many 9 Table of Contents of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as
significantly greater experience in: • | developing drugs; • | undertaking preclinical testing and human clinical trials; • | obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs; • | formulating and manufacturing drugs; and • | launching, marketing, distributing and selling drugs. Developments by competitors may render our drug candidates or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. We also compete with these companies for qualified personnel and opportunities for product acquisitions, joint ventures or other
strategic alliances Employees As of
December 31, 2007, we had 47 employees. We engage consultants from time to time to perform services on a per diem or hourly basis. Available
Information We file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The public may read or copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth
Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. You may obtain
a free copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports on the day of filing with the SEC on our website on the World Wide Web at http://www.paintrials.com, by
contacting the Investor Relations Department at our corporate offices by calling 650-624-8200 or by sending an e-mail message to cwaarich@paintrials.com. Item 1A. | Risk Factors Our future
operating results may vary substantially from anticipated results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The following discussion highlights some of these factors and the possible impact of these factors on future results
of operations. You should carefully consider these factors before making an investment decision. If any of the following factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the price of
our common stock could decline, and you could experience losses on your investment in our common stock. Clinical and Regulatory Risks If we are unable to design, conduct and complete clinical trials successfully, we will not be able to obtain regulatory approval for our drug
candidates. In order to obtain FDA approval for any of our drug candidates, we must submit to the FDA an NDA that demonstrates with
substantive evidence that the drug candidate is both safe and effective in humans for its intended use. This demonstration requires significant research and animal tests, which are referred to as preclinical studies, as well as human tests, which
are referred to as clinical trials. 10 Table of Contents Results from our Phase I clinical programs may not support moving a drug candidate to Phase II or Phase
III clinical trials. Our Phase III clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety or efficacy of our drug candidates. Success in preclinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. Results of
later clinical trials may not replicate the results of prior clinical trials and preclinical studies. Even if the results of our Phase III clinical trials are positive, we may have to commit substantial time and additional resources to conducting
further preclinical studies and clinical trials before we can submit an NDA or obtain FDA approval for any of our drug candidates. In
December 2006, we and King announced positive results of a Phase III trial of Remoxy in patients with chronic pain. The study met the primary endpoint that was prospectively defined by the FDA during an SPA process. Under our SPA, we expect to use
Remoxy Phase III data as part of a basis of approval with respect to efficacy. While we received the SPA for this Phase III clinical trial assessing Remoxy, there can be no assurance that we will ultimately receive approval for this drug candidate.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that other events will not occur that would allow the FDA to disregard our SPA. Clinical trials are
very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous requirements. The clinical trial process also consumes a significant amount of time. Furthermore, if participating patients in clinical trials suffer
drug-related adverse reactions during the course of such clinical trials, or if we or the FDA believe that participating patients are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, we will have to suspend or terminate our clinical trials. Failure can
occur at any stage of the clinical trials, and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. Our
clinical trials with Remoxy and Oxytrex measure clinical symptoms, such as pain and physical dependence. These symptoms are not biologically measurable. The success of Remoxy, our other abuse resistant drug candidates and Oxytrex in clinical trials
depends on reaching statistically significant changes in patients’ symptoms based on clinician-rated scales. Due in part to a lack of consensus on standardized processes for assessing clinical outcomes, these scores may or may not be reliable,
useful or acceptable to regulatory agencies. We have no history of developing oncology or hemophilia drug candidates. We do not know
whether any of our planned clinical trials in oncology or hemophilia will result in marketable drugs. In addition, completion of clinical
trials can be delayed by numerous factors, including: • | delays in identifying and agreeing on acceptable terms with prospective clinical trial sites; • | slower than expected rates of patient recruitment and enrollment; • | unanticipated patient drop out rates; • | increases in time required to complete monitoring of patients during or after participation in a clinical trial; and • | unexpected need for additional patient-related data. Any of these delays could significantly impact the timing, approval and commercialization of our drug candidates and could significantly increase our overall costs of drug development. Even if our clinical trials are completed as planned, their results may not support our expectations or intended marketing claims. The clinical trials
process may fail to demonstrate that our drug candidates are safe and effective for indicated uses. Such failure would cause us to abandon a drug candidate and could delay development of other drug candidates. If we fail to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or if such approval is limited, we will not be allowed to commercialize our drug candidates, and we will not
generate product revenues. Satisfaction of all regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type,
complexity and novelty of the drug candidate, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources for research and development. Our research and clinical approaches may not lead to drugs that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for
indicated uses we are studying. The FDA may require us to conduct additional clinical 11 Table of Contents studies, in which case we would have to expend additional time and resources and would likely delay the date of potentially receiving regulatory approval. In
particular, the FDA may require additional toxicology studies for certain excipients used in Remoxy or any of our other drug candidates. The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or
administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals would: • | delay commercialization of, and product revenues from, our drug candidates; and • | diminish the competitive advantages that we may have otherwise enjoyed, which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Even if we comply with all FDA regulatory requirements, we may never obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug
candidates. If we fail to obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates we will have fewer commercial products, if any, and corresponding lower product revenues, if any. Even if we receive regulatory approval of our drug candidates, such
approval may involve limitations on the indications and conditions of use or marketing claims we may make for our products. Further, later discovery of previously unknown problems or adverse events could result in additional regulatory restrictions,
including withdrawal of products. The FDA may also require us to commit to perform lengthy Phase IV post-approval clinical trials, for which we would have to expend additional resources, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results
and financial condition. In jurisdictions outside the United States, we must receive marketing authorizations from the appropriate
regulatory authorities before we can commercialize our drugs. Regulatory approval processes outside the United States generally include all of the aforementioned requirements and risks associated with FDA approval. Clinical trial designs that were discussed with authorities prior to their commencement may subsequently be considered insufficient for approval at the time of
application for regulatory approval. We discuss with and obtain guidance from regulatory authorities on certain of our clinical
development activities. With the exception of our SPA with the FDA for our Phase III clinical trial with Remoxy, these discussions are not binding obligations on the part of regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities may revise previous guidance or decide to ignore previous guidance at any time during the course of our clinical activities or
after the completion of our clinical trials. Even with successful clinical safety and efficacy data, including such data from a clinical trial conducted pursuant to a SPA, we may be required to conduct additional, expensive clinical trials to obtain
regulatory approval. Developments by competitors may establish standards of care that affect our ability to conduct our clinical trials as planned. We have conducted clinical trials of our drug candidates comparing our drug candidates to both placebo and other approved drugs.
Changes in standards related to clinical trial design could affect our ability to design and conduct clinical trials as planned. For example, regulatory authorities may not allow us to compare our drug candidates to placebo in a particular clinical
indication where approved products are available. In that case, both the cost and the amount of time required to conduct a clinical trial could increase. The DEA limits the availability of the active ingredients in certain of our current drug candidates and, as a result, our quotas may not be sufficient to complete clinical trials, or to meet commercial demand or may result in clinical
delays. The DEA regulates chemical compounds as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule I substances considered to
present the highest risk of substance abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest risk. Certain active ingredients in our current drug candidates, such as oxycodone, are listed by the DEA as Schedule II under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970.
Consequently, their manufacture, research, shipment, storage, sale and use are subject to a high degree of oversight and regulation. For example, all Schedule II drug prescriptions must be signed by a physician, physically presented to a pharmacist
and may not be refilled without a new prescription. Furthermore, the amount of Schedule II substances we can obtain for clinical trials and 12 Table of Contents commercial distribution is limited by the DEA and our quota may not be sufficient to complete clinical trials or meet commercial demand. There is a risk that
DEA regulations may interfere with the supply of the drugs used in our clinical trials, and, in the future, our ability to produce and distribute our products in the volume needed to meet commercial demand. Conducting clinical trials of our drug candidates or potential commercial sales of a drug candidate may expose us to expensive product liability claims and we may not
be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all. The risk of product liability is inherent in the
testing of pharmaceutical products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or terminate testing of one or more of our drug candidates. Our inability
to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our drug candidates. We currently carry clinical trial insurance but do
not carry product liability insurance. If we successfully commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, we may face product liability claims, regardless of FDA approval for commercial manufacturing and sale. We may not be able to obtain such
insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Even if our agreements with any current or future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against product liability losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any
claim arise. If we receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates, we and our collaborators will also be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and
continued regulatory review, such as continued safety reporting requirements, and we and our collaborators may also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing obligations or new regulations, all of which may result in significant expense and limit
our ability to commercialize our potential drugs. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our drug candidates may also be subject
to limitations on the indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies. In addition, if the FDA approves any of our drug candidates, the labeling, packaging, adverse
event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and record keeping for the drug will be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the drug, including but not limited to adverse events
of unanticipated severity or frequency, or the discovery that adverse events previously observed in preclinical research or clinical trials that were believed to be minor actually constitute much more serious problems, may result in restrictions on
the marketing of the drug, and could include withdrawal of the drug from the market. The FDA’s policies may change and additional
government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or
administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecution. Any of these events could prevent us from marketing our drugs and our business could suffer. Risks Relating
to our Collaboration Agreements If King or other outside collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our drug development
programs, or if their performance is substandard, our regulatory submissions and our product introductions may be delayed. Pursuant to
our strategic alliance with King, we will jointly manage and prepare Phase III clinical trials and NDA submissions in the United States for Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates with King. We rely on King to devote time and resources to
the development, manufacturing and commercialization of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates. King may develop or acquire drugs or drug candidates that compete for resources with our drug candidates that are subject to this strategic
alliance. For instance, King has acquired a 13 Table of Contents drug candidate for the acute pain market. While we believe this drug candidate will not compete with our drug candidates under the collaboration with King,
there can be no assurance that this drug candidate will not be developed to become competitive with our drug candidates under the collaboration with King. If King limits its time and resources devoted to the strategic alliance, or otherwise fails to
perform as we expect, we may not achieve clinical and regulatory milestones and regulatory submissions and related product introductions may be delayed or prevented, and revenues that we would receive from these activities will be less than
expected. We depend on independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities and medical institutions, to conduct our clinical
trials under agreements with us. These investigators and collaborators are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. They may not assign as great a priority to our programs or pursue
them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking such activities ourselves. If these investigators or collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our drug development programs, or if their performance is substandard, the
approval of our regulatory submissions and our introductions of new drugs will be delayed or prevented. Our collaborators may also have
relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If outside collaborators assist our competitors to our detriment, the approval of our regulatory submissions will be delayed and the sales from our products, if any are
commercialized, will be less than expected. If we fail to maintain our strategic alliance for Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drugs, we may have to
reduce or delay our drug candidate development. Our plan for developing, manufacturing and commercializing Remoxy and other
abuse-resistant drugs currently requires us to successfully maintain our strategic alliance with King to advance our programs and provide funding to support our expenditures on Remoxy and other drug candidates. If we are not able to maintain our
existing strategic alliance with King, we may have to limit the size or scope of, or delay or abandon the development of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates or undertake and fund development of these drug candidates ourselves. If we
elect to fund drug development efforts with respect to Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We may not succeed at in-licensing drug candidates or technologies to expand our product pipeline. We may not successfully in-license drug candidates or technologies to expand our product pipeline. The number of such candidates or technologies is
limited. Competition among large pharmaceutical companies and biopharmaceutical companies for promising drug candidates or technologies is intense because such companies generally desire to expand their product pipelines through in-licensing. Our collaborative agreements may not succeed or may give rise to disputes over intellectual property, disputes concerning the scope of collaboration
activities or other issues. Our strategy to focus on drug development requires us to enter into collaborative agreements with third
parties, such as our strategic alliance with King. Such agreements are generally complex and contain provisions that could give rise to legal disputes, including potential disputes concerning ownership of intellectual property under collaborations
or disputes concerning the scope of collaboration activities. Such disputes can delay or prevent the development of potential new drug products, or can lead to lengthy, expensive litigation or arbitration. Other factors relating to collaborative
agreements may adversely affect the success of our drug candidates, including: • | the development of parallel products by our collaborators or by a competitor; • | arrangements with collaborative partners that limit or preclude us from developing certain products or technologies; • | premature termination of a collaborative agreement; or 14 Table of Contents • | failure by a collaborative partner to devote sufficient resources to the development or legal defense of our potential products. Risks Relating to Commercialization If physicians and
patients do not accept and use our drugs, we will not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. Even if the
FDA approves our drugs, physicians and patients may not accept and use them. Acceptance and use of our drugs will depend on a number of factors including: • | perceptions by members of the healthcare community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our drugs; • | perceptions by physicians regarding the cost benefit of the abuse resistant quality of Remoxy; • | published studies demonstrating the cost-effectiveness of our drugs relative to competing products; • | availability of reimbursement for our products from government or healthcare payers; • | our ability to implement a risk management plan prior to the distribution of any Schedule II drug; and • | effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors. Because we expect to rely on sales generated by our current lead drug candidates for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future, the
failure of any of these drugs to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing. If King is not
successful in commercializing Remoxy and other abuse resistant opioid drugs, our revenues and our business will suffer. Our ability to
earn royalties from sales of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drugs will depend on King’s abilities to maintain regulatory approval and achieve market acceptance of such drugs once commercialized. King may elect to independently develop drugs
that could compete with ours or fail to commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drugs developed under our strategic alliance. King may not proceed with the commercialization of Remoxy and
other abuse-resistant drugs developed under our strategic alliance with the same degree of urgency as we would because of other priorities they face. If King is not successful in commercializing Remoxy for a variety of reasons, including but not
limited to competition from other pharmaceutical companies, or if King fails to perform as we expect, our potential for revenue from drugs developed in connection with our strategic alliance with King, if any, could be dramatically reduced and our
business would suffer. If we are unable to develop our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or if we are not successful in contracting
with third parties for these services on favorable terms, or at all, our product revenues could be disappointing. We currently have no
sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. Except with regard to products developed under our strategic alliance with King, in order to commercialize our products, if any are approved by the FDA, we will either have to develop such capabilities
internally or collaborate with third parties who can perform these services for us. If we decide to commercialize any of our drugs ourselves, we may not be able to hire the necessary experienced personnel and build sales, marketing and distribution
operations which are capable of successfully launching new drugs and generating sufficient product revenues. In addition, establishing such operations will take time and involve significant expense. If we decide to enter into new co-promotion or other licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be unable to locate acceptable collaborators
because the number of potential collaborators is limited and because of competition from others for similar alliances with potential collaborators. Even if we are able to identify one or more acceptable new collaborators, we may not be able to enter
into any collaborative arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. 15 Table of Contents In addition, due to the nature of the market for our drug candidates, it may be necessary for us to
license all or substantially all of our drug candidates not covered by our strategic alliance with King to a single collaborator, thereby eliminating our opportunity to commercialize these other products independently. If we enter into any such new
collaborative arrangements, our revenues are likely to be lower than if we marketed and sold our products ourselves. In addition, any
revenues we receive would depend upon our collaborators’ efforts which may not be adequate due to lack of attention or resource commitments, management turnover, change of strategic focus, business combinations or other factors outside of our
control. Depending upon the terms of our collaboration, the remedies we have against an under-performing collaborator may be limited. If we were to terminate the relationship, it may be difficult or impossible to find a replacement collaborator on
acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot compete successfully for market share against other drug companies, we may not achieve sufficient product
revenues and our business will suffer. The market for our drug candidates is characterized by intense competition and rapid
technological advances. If our drug candidates receive FDA approval, they will compete with a number of existing and future drugs and therapies developed, manufactured and marketed by others. Existing or future competing products may provide greater
therapeutic convenience or clinical or other benefits for a specific indication than our products, or may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. If our products are unable to capture and maintain market share, we may not achieve sufficient
product revenues and our business will suffer. We will compete for market share against fully integrated pharmaceutical companies or other
companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of these competitors have drugs already approved or drug candidates in
development that will or may compete against our approved drug candidates. In addition, many of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, operate larger research and development programs and have substantially
greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in: • | developing drugs; • | conducting preclinical testing and human clinical trials; • | obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs; • | formulating and manufacturing drugs; and • | launching, marketing, distributing and selling drugs. Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if we fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement for our products from healthcare payers. Our ability to commercialize our drugs, alone or with collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from: • | government and health administration authorities; • | private health maintenance organizations and health insurers; and • | other healthcare payers. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, health maintenance organizations and managed care organizations, are challenging the prices charged
for medical products and services and/or are seeking pharmacoeconomic data to justify formulary acceptance and reimbursement practices. We currently have not generated pharmacoeconomic 16 Table of Contents data on any of our product candidates. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly are attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both
coverage and the level of reimbursement for drugs, and by refusing, in some cases, to provide coverage for uses of approved products for disease indications for which the FDA has or has not granted labeling approval. Adequate third-party insurance
coverage may not be available to patients for any products we discover and develop, alone or with collaborators. If government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for our products, market acceptance
of our drug candidates could be limited. Government agencies may establish and promulgate usage guidelines that could limit the use of our drug
candidates. Government agencies, professional and medical societies, and other groups may establish usage guidelines that apply to our
drug candidates. These guidelines could address such matters as usage and dose, among other factors. Application of such guidelines could limit the use of our drug candidates. Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property Our ability to commercialize our drug candidates will depend
on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patent or proprietary rights of third parties. If we are sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation will be costly and time consuming and an
unfavorable outcome would have a significant adverse effect on our business. Our ability to commercialize our drug candidates will
depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. Intellectual property rights in the areas of controlled-release oxycodone, antibodies, and more generally, in oncology,
neurology and radiopharmaceutical technologies are complicated and are continuously evolving. Holders of patent rights in these areas may allege that the commercialization of Remoxy or our other drug candidates infringes such patent rights. While we
believe that we would have valid defenses to any claim of infringement, there can be no assurance that these or other third party patents will not limit our ability to commercialize Remoxy or our other drug candidates. In addition, because patent applications are published 18 months after their filing, and because applications can take several years to issue, there
may be currently pending third-party patent applications that are unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents. If a third-party claims that we infringe on its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that
could seriously harm our competitive position, including: • | infringement claims that, with or without merit, can be costly and time consuming to litigate, can delay the regulatory approval process and can divert management’s attention from our core business strategy; • | substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe upon a competitor’s patent or other proprietary rights; • | a court order prohibiting us from commercializing our products or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which such holder is not required to do; • | if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights; and • | redesigning our process so that it does not infringe the third-party intellectual property, which may not be possible, or which may require substantial time and expense including delays in bringing our own products to market. Such actions could harm our competitive position and our ability to generate revenue and could result in increased costs. 17 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect our intellectual property our competitors could develop and market products with similar
features that may reduce demand for our drug candidates. Our success, competitive position and potential future revenues will depend
in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. If we or our collaborators fail to file, prosecute, obtain or maintain certain patents, our competitors could market products that contain features and clinical benefits similar to those
of our products, and demand for our products could decline as a result. We and our collaborators have filed patent applications with the
U.S. Patent Office to further protect our technologies. If these patent applications do not result in issued patents, the duration or scope of our patent rights may be limited and our future revenues could be lower as a result. We may be involved in challenges to our intellectual property. An adverse outcome of a challenge to our intellectual property could result in loss of
claims of patents or other intellectual property rights that pertain to certain drugs we currently have under development and could have a material adverse impact on our future revenues. We intend to file additional patent applications relating to our technology, products and processes. We may direct our collaborators to file additional
patent applications relating to the licensed technology or we may do so ourselves. However, our competitors may challenge, invalidate or circumvent any of our current or future patents. These patents may also fail to provide us with meaningful
competitive advantages. We may become involved in expensive litigation or other legal proceedings related to our existing intellectual property rights,
including patents. We expect that we will rely upon patents, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and
licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or know-how or require us to
license such information and pay significant fees or royalties in order to produce our products. Our technology could infringe upon claims
of patents owned by others. If we were found to be infringing on a patent held by another, we might have to seek a license to use the patented technology. In that case, we might not be able to obtain such a license on terms acceptable to us, or at
all. If a legal action were to be brought against us or our licensors, we could incur substantial defense costs, and any such action might not be resolved in our favor. If such a dispute were to be resolved against us, we could have to pay the other
party large sums of money and our use of our technology and the testing, manufacture, marketing or sale of one or more of our proposed products could be restricted or prohibited. Risks Relating to our Business and Strategy Competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical
industry is intense, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, we could experience delays in completing necessary clinical trials, in the regulatory approval process or in formulating, manufacturing, marketing and
selling our potential products. We will need to hire additional qualified personnel with expertise in clinical research, preclinical
testing, government regulation, formulation and manufacturing and sales and marketing. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions. Competition for such individuals,
particularly in the San Francisco Bay area, is intense, and our search for such personnel may not be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel is critical to our success. 18 Table of Contents If third-party manufacturers of our drug candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or
if their performance is substandard, our clinical trials and product introductions may be delayed and our costs may be higher than expected. We have no manufacturing facilities and have limited experience in drug product development and commercial manufacturing. We lack the resources and expertise to formulate, manufacture or test the technical performance of our drug
candidates. We currently rely on a limited number of experienced personnel and a small number of contract manufacturers and other vendors to formulate, test, supply, store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Our reliance on a
limited number of vendors exposes us to the following risks, any of which could delay our clinical trials, and, consequently, FDA approval of our drug candidates and commercialization of our products, result in higher costs, or deprive us of
potential product revenues: • | Contract commercial manufacturers, their sub-contractors or other third parties we rely on, may encounter difficulties in achieving the volume of production needed to satisfy clinical needs or commercial demand, may experience technical issues that impact quality or compliance with applicable and strictly enforced regulations governing the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, and may experience shortages of qualified personnel to adequately staff production operations. • | Our contract manufacturers could default on their agreements with us to provide clinical supplies or meet our requirements for commercialization of our products. • | The use of alternate manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers that have the necessary governmental licenses to produce narcotic products is limited. Additionally, the FDA and the DEA must approve any alternative manufacturer of our products before we may use the alternative manufacturer to produce our supplies. • | It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer on acceptable terms quickly, or at all. Our contract manufacturers and vendors may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store and distribute our products. • | If any contract manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our products, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to such innovation. We expanded our research and development activities to include development of potential drug candidates
for indications other than pain, and we may not be able to successfully develop or commercialize these potential new product candidates. We have expanded our research and development activities to include development of potential drug candidates for indications other than pain, such as oncology and hemophilia. We initiated a Phase I clinical trial of our drug candidate in
oncology in 2007. We have no history of developing oncology or hemophilia drug candidates or manufacturing radiopharmaceuticals. We do not know whether any of our planned clinical trials in oncology or hemophilia will result in marketable products.
We do not anticipate that any additional drug candidates will reach the market for at least several years, if at all. Our employees and consultants are
generally subject to confidentiality or other agreements with their former employers and they may inadvertently or otherwise violate those agreements. Many of our employees and consultants were previously employed at universities or biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. While we require our employees and consultants to honor any agreements they may have entered
into prior to working with us, we may be subject to claims that we inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other confidential information belonging to former employers. Failure to defend such claims could result in loss of
valuable rights or personnel, which in turn could harm or prevent commercialization of our drug candidates. Successful defense against such claims can be expensive and might distract us from executing our strategies. 19 Table of Contents Law enforcement concerns over diversion of opioids and social issues around abuse of opioids may make the regulatory
approval process and commercialization of our drug candidates very difficult. Media stories regarding the diversion of opioids and
other controlled substances are commonplace. Law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies may apply policies that seek to limit the availability of opioids. Such efforts may adversely affect the regulatory approval and commercialization of our
drug candidates. Developments by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. Alternative technologies and products are being developed to improve or replace the use of opioids for pain management, several of which are in clinical
trials or are awaiting approval from the FDA. In addition, the active ingredients in nearly all opioid drugs are available in generic form. Drug companies that sell generic opioid drugs represent substantial competition. Many of these organizations
competing with us have substantially greater capital resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, greater experience in drug development and in obtaining regulatory approvals and greater manufacturing and marketing capabilities
than we do. Our competitors may market less expensive or more effective drugs that would compete with our drug candidates or reach market with competing drugs before we are able to reach market with our drug candidates. These organizations also
compete with us to attract qualified personnel and partners for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations. Business interruptions could
limit our ability to operate our business. Our operations as well as those of our collaborators on which we depend are vulnerable to
damage or interruption from computer viruses, human error, natural disasters, electrical and telecommunication failures, international acts of terror and similar events. We have not established a formal disaster recovery plan and our back-up
operations and our business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for losses we may suffer. A significant business interruption could result in losses or damages incurred by us and require us to cease or curtail our operations. Risks Relating to Manufacturing We rely on
third-party commercial drug manufacturers for drug supply. Approved third-party commercial drug manufacturers may subsequently be
stopped from producing, storing, shipping or testing our drug products due to their non-compliance with federal, state or local regulations. Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the DEA, and
corresponding state and foreign government agencies to ensure strict compliance with GMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these
regulations and standards. In addition, even if we enter into long-term supply arrangements with third-party suppliers, we cannot control
changes in strategy by third-party suppliers that affect their ability or willingness to continue to supply our drug products on acceptable terms. If our drug supply for one of our drug candidates was interrupted, our operations could be negatively affected. 20 Table of Contents If we cannot formulate and scale-up a wide range of dosage forms of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates,
we and King might determine that the commercial opportunity for Remoxy and other abuse resistant drug candidates in certain dosage forms is too limited to warrant further investment in clinical testing and development. We plan to formulate and scale-up a wide range of dosage forms of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates. We may not be able to successfully
complete our formulation or scale-up activities or we may determine that the commercial opportunity for Remoxy and other abuse resistant drug candidates in certain dosage forms is too limited to warrant further investment. If we are unsuccessful in
our formulation or scale-up activities with Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates, our future revenue from milestones and royalties under our strategic alliance with King may be less than expected and our operations may suffer. We rely solely on Durect to provide us with certain components of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates and will continue to rely on Durect
to produce commercial supplies of these components. We rely on Durect as our sole source provider of certain components of Remoxy and
other abuse-resistant drug candidates, and will rely solely on Durect to produce commercial supplies of these components. Durect’s failure to achieve and maintain satisfactory manufacturing standards could result in product recalls or
withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could materially harm our business. Durect may encounter manufacturing difficulties involving production yields, quality control and quality
assurance. Durect is subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance with government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We cannot control
Durect’s compliance with these regulations and standards. To date, Durect has not produced commercial-scale supply of these
components. If we and King receive marketing approval for and commercially launch Remoxy or other abuse resistant candidates, we anticipate that Durect will need to materially expand its manufacturing capacity. Durect may not be able to increase its
manufacturing capacity for Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drug candidates in a timely or economic manner, or at all. Moreover, significant scale up of manufacturing will require additional validation studies, which are subject to FDA review and
approval. If Durect is unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for such components of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drugs, at an acceptable cost or otherwise, and we are unable to establish alternative manufacturing
capabilities, the commercial launch or continued commercialization after a commercial launch of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant drugs may be delayed, prevented or impaired or there may be a shortage in supply, which would harm our revenues and
cause our business to suffer. Risks Relating to our Financial Position and Need for Financing Our operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business to date and to assess its future viability. Our operations from our inception to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, acquiring, developing and securing our technology,
undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates and forming collaborations. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to obtain regulatory approval, formulate and manufacture our drug candidates on a commercial scale or
conduct sales and marketing activities. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 21 Table of Contents We have a history of losses and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flows for the
foreseeable future. Although we were profitable in 2006 and 2007 based on payments from King and interest income, we have yet to
generate any revenues from product sales. We had an accumulated deficit of $118.1 million as of December 31, 2007. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more of our drug candidates, we expect to continue to use significant
cash resources in our operations for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we: • | continue to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials for our drug candidates; • | seek regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; • | develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates; • | implement additional internal systems and develop new infrastructure; • | acquire or in-license additional products or technologies, or expand the use of our technology; • | maintain, defend and expand the scope of our intellectual property; and • | hire additional personnel. We will
need to generate significant revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. If we cannot successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our drug candidates, we will not be able to generate such revenues or achieve
profitability in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability would have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. If we cannot raise additional capital on acceptable terms, we may be unable to complete planned clinical trials of any or some of our drug candidates or to pursue attractive business opportunities. We have funded all of our operations and capital expenditures with the proceeds from our public and private stock offerings, payments received under our
strategic alliance with King, and interest earned on our investments. We expect that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next
year. However, we may elect to raise additional funds within such twelve-month period or need to raise additional funds thereafter and additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Even if we succeed in selling additional
securities to raise funds, our existing stockholders’ ownership percentage would be reduced and new investors may demand rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we raise additional capital through debt
financing, if available, such financings may involve covenants that restrict our business activities. If we raise additional capital through strategic alliance and license arrangements such as our strategic alliance with King, we may have to trade
our rights to our technology, intellectual property or drug candidates to others in such arrangements on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we determine that we need to raise additional funds and we are not successful in doing so, we may be unable to complete the clinical development of some or all of our drug candidates or to seek or obtain FDA approval of our drug
candidates. We then could be forced to discontinue product development, enter into a relationship with an additional strategic partner earlier than currently intended, reduce sales and marketing efforts or forego attractive business opportunities. 22 Table of Contents Risks Relating to an Investment in our Common Stock Our stock price has been volatile and could experience a sudden decline in value. Our common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and may continue to experience volatility in the future. You may not be able to sell your shares quickly or at the latest market price if
trading in our stock is not active or the volume is low. The following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: • | results of or delays in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; • | the success of our collaboration agreements; • | publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating to products under development by us or others; • | announcements of technological innovations or new commercial products by us or others; • | developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or others; • | comments or opinions by securities analysts or major stockholders; • | future sales of our common stock by existing stockholders; • | regulatory developments or changes in regulatory guidance; • | litigation or threats of litigation; • | economic and other external factors or other disaster or crises; • | the departure of any of our officers, directors or key employees; • | period-to-period fluctuations in financial results; and • | limited daily trading volume. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, SEC regulations and the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC create uncertainty for public companies.
If we were unable to continue to comply with these requirements, we could be delisted from trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, or Nasdaq, and thereafter trading in our common stock, if any, may be conducted through the over-the-counter or other
market. As a consequence of such delisting, an investor would likely find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain quotations as to the price of, our common stock. Delisting of our common stock could also result in lower prices per share of our
common stock than would otherwise prevail. In March 2007, we announced a stock repurchase program under which we can purchase up to $20.0
million of our common stock on the open market. As of December 31, 2007 we have $16.2 million available under this repurchase program. We are not obliged to purchase any additional stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program. The existence
of such a program may contribute to the volatility of the price of our common stock and could contribute to a sudden decline in value. Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents, our Stockholder Rights Plan and Delaware law may prevent or delay removal of incumbent management or a change of control. Anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, our Stockholder Rights Plan and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring or delaying attempts by
our stockholders to remove or replace management, engage in proxy contests and effect changes in control. The provisions of our charter documents include: • | a classified board so that only one of the three classes of directors on our board of directors is elected each year; 23 Table of Contents • | elimination of cumulative voting in the election of directors; • | procedures for advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals; • | the ability of our board of directors to amend our bylaws without stockholder approval; and • | the ability of our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval upon the terms and conditions and with the rights, privileges and preferences as our board of directors may determine. The rights issued pursuant to our
Stockholder Rights Plan will become exercisable, subject to certain exceptions, the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of 15% or more of our common stock or announces commencement of a tender or exchange offer the consummation
of which would result in ownership by the person or group of 15% or more of our common stock. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we
are subject to Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of
three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless certain specific requirements are met as set forth in Section 203. These provisions, alone or together, could have the effect of deterring or delaying changes in incumbent management, proxy contests or changes in control. Volatility in the stock prices of other companies may contribute to volatility in our stock price. The stock market in general, Nasdaq and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those
companies. Further, there has been particular volatility in the market prices of securities of early stage life sciences companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in
substantial costs, potential liabilities and the diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our share ownership is concentrated, and our
officers, directors and principal stockholders can exert significant control over matters requiring stockholder approval. Due to their
combined stock holdings, our officers, directors and principal stockholders (stockholders holding greater than 5% of our common stock) acting collectively may have the ability to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder
approval including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible to
complete without the support of these stockholders. In addition, our recently initiated share repurchase program may have the effect of further concentrating the holdings of our officers, directors and principal stockholders. Publicly available information regarding stockholders’ ownership may not be comprehensive because the SEC does not require certain large
stockholders to publicly disclose their stock ownership positions. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and this fluctuation may
cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the
future. Factors contributing to these fluctuations include, among other items, the timing and amounts of collaboration revenue recognized from King, the timing and enrollment rates of clinical trials for our drug candidates, our need for 24 Table of Contents clinical supplies and the valuation of stock-based compensation. Thus, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not indicative of what we
might expect in the future. As a result, in some future quarters our clinical, financial or operating results may not meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors that could result in a decline in the price of our stock. There may not be an active, liquid trading market for our common stock. There is no guarantee that an active trading market for our common stock will be maintained on Nasdaq. Investors may not be able to sell their shares quickly or at the latest market price if trading in our stock is
not active. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. | Properties We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of space in
San Mateo and South San Francisco, California, which is used as general office space. We believe that our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings We are not a party to any legal proceedings. Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders There were no matters
submitted to a vote of the security holders during the fourth quarter of 2007. 25 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “PTIE.” The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per
share of our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market for the periods indicated. Sale Price
High | Low
Fiscal 2007:
First Quarter | $ | 9.20 | $ | 7.00
Second Quarter | $ | 9.00 | $ | 7.54
Third Quarter | $ | 9.86 | $ | 8.20
Fourth Quarter | $ | 11.50 | $ | 9.35
Fiscal 2006:
First Quarter | $ | 11.80 | $ | 6.86
Second Quarter | $ | 10.86 | $ | 7.70
Third Quarter | $ | 9.04 | $ | 7.50
Fourth Quarter | $ | 9.78 | $ | 7.90 We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of
our business and have not paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As of January 23, 2008, there were approximately 72 holders of record of our common stock. The following table summarizes the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2007 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights | Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights | Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders | 9,997,746 | $7.60 | 1,816,833
Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders | — | — | 8,000,000*
Total | 9,997,746 | $7.60 | 9,816,833 * Represents shares approved by our board of directors for
inclusion in our proposed 2008 Equity Incentive Plan that are not eligible to be issued under such a plan until after stockholder approval is obtained. We currently plan to seek approval of such plan at our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 26 Table of Contents Performance Graph The following line graph compares the percentage change in the cumulative return to the stockholders of the Company’s Common Stock with the cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ
Pharmaceutical Index for the period commencing December 31, 2002. 27 Table of Contents Item 6. | Selected Financial Data (in thousands except per share data) Years ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003
Statement of operations data:
Collaboration revenue | $ | 42,746 | $ | 22,717 | $ | 1,368 | $ | — | $ | —
Program fee revenue | 23,238 | 26,201 | 3,712 | — | —
Milestone revenue | — | 5,000 | — | — | —
Total revenue | 65,984 | 53,918 | 5,080 | — | —
Research and development expense | 47,730 | 46,803 | 32,938 | 35,093 | 18,913
General and administrative expense | 8,085 | 7,668 | 4,859 | 3,868 | 3,338
Total operating expenses | 55,815 | 54,471 | 37,797 | 38,961 | 22,251
Operating income (loss) | 10,169 | (553 | ) | (32,717 | ) | (38,961 | ) | (22,251 | )
Interest and other income, net | 10,136 | 9,668 | 2,047 | 1,185 | 634
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes | 20,305 | 9,115 | (30,670 | ) | (37,776 | ) | (21,617 | )
Provision for income taxes | — | 2,927 | — | — | —
Net income (loss) | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | ) | $ | (37,776 | ) | $ | (21,617 | )
Net income (loss) per share:
Basic | $ | 0.46 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | ) | $ | (1.01 | ) | $ | (0.73 | )
Diluted | $ | 0.44 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | ) | $ | (1.01 | ) | $ | (0.73 | )
Weighted average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share:
Basic | 44,150 | 44,146 | 43,795 | 37,267 | 29,483
Diluted | 45,676 | 45,475 | 43,795 | 37,267 | 29,483
December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003
Balance sheet data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 86,567 | $ | 16,386 | $ | 95,651 | $ | 1,379 | $ | 12,027
Marketable securities | 118,504 | 188,014 | 117,001 | 98,018 | 65,402
Working capital | 184,717 | 170,460 | 181,817 | 91,860 | 74,799
Total assets | 207,625 | 208,456 | 215,795 | 101,192 | 80,513
Deferred program fee revenue | 96,849 | 120,087 | 146,288 | — | —
Total liabilities | 103,711 | 130,541 | 152,435 | 7,796 | 3,951
Total stockholders’ equity | 103,914 | 77,915 | 63,360 | 93,396 | 76,562 28 Table of Contents Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report.
Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. We have four drug candidates in clinical programs, including Remoxy, Oxytrex, PTI-202 and a
novel radio-labeled monoclonal antibody to treat metastatic melanoma. We are also working on a new treatment for patients with hemophilia. We and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or King, are engaged in a strategic alliance to develop and commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us at the closing of
this strategic alliance in December 2005. In December 2007, we and King announced positive results of a Phase III study of Remoxy in
patients with chronic pain. The study met the primary endpoint that was prospectively defined by the FDA during an SPA process. This pivotal Phase III randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, multi-center study was designed to evaluate the
analgesic efficacy of twice-daily Remoxy versus placebo over a 12-week treatment period. The study randomized 412 male and female patients. All patients were diagnosed with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip, as evidenced by x-ray and clinical
criteria of the American College of Rheumatology. Additionally, all patients had pain intensity scores corresponding to moderate-to-severe pain. Following informed consent, wash-out and dose titration, patients were randomized into a treatment
period of 12 weeks. During treatment, patients received twice-daily Remoxy or matching placebo. The total drug dose per patient per day ranged from 10-80mg. Pain intensity scores were assessed on a pain scale. Concomitant pain medications or rescue
medications were not allowed at any point during the 12-week treatment period. In August 2006, we and King announced the initiation of a
Phase I clinical trial program of a second abuse-resistant drug candidate, called PTI-202. In connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the investigational new drug application, or IND, for PTI-202, King made a milestone payment to us of $5.0
million in 2006. We could also receive from King up to $145.0 million in additional milestone payments in the course of clinical
development of Remoxy, PTI-202 and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. Subject to certain limitations, King is also obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement.
King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs developed in connection with the strategic alliance. King is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales of drugs developed in
connection with the strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in net sales of such drugs, for which the royalty is set at 15%. Although we were profitable in 2006 and 2007 based on payments received from King, we have yet to generate any revenues from product sales. Through December 31, 2007, we have recorded an accumulated deficit of approximately $118.1
million. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, salaries and other personnel-related costs and general corporate expenses. Research and development activities include costs
of preclinical and clinical trials as well as clinical supplies associated with our drug candidates. Salaries and other personnel-related costs include non-cash stock-based compensation associated with options granted to employees and non-employees.
Our operating results may fluctuate substantially from period to period as a result of the timing and enrollment rates of clinical trials for our drug candidates and our need for clinical supplies. We expect to continue to use significant cash resources in our operations for the next several years. Our cash requirements for operating activities and
capital expenditures will increase substantially in the future as we: • | continue to conduct preclinical and clinical trials for our drug candidates; • | seek regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; 29 Table of Contents • | develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates; • | implement additional internal systems and develop new infrastructure; • | acquire or in-license additional products or technologies, or expand the use of our technology; • | maintain, defend and expand the scope of our intellectual property; and • | hire additional personnel. Product
revenue will depend on our ability to receive regulatory approvals for, and successfully market, our drug candidates. If our development efforts result in regulatory approval and successful commercialization of our drug candidates, we will generate
revenue from direct sales of our drugs and/or, if we license our drugs to future collaborators, from the receipt of license fees and royalties from sales of licensed products. We conduct our research and development programs through a combination of
internal and collaborative programs. We rely on arrangements with universities, our collaborators, contract research organizations and clinical research sites for a significant portion of our product development efforts. We focus substantially all our research and development efforts on the research and development of opioid drugs for the treatment of pain. The following
table summarizes expenses by category for research and development efforts (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Compensation | $ | 11,126 | $ | 9,746 | $ | 4,717
Contractor fees (1) | 26,405 | 30,367 | 23,642
Supplies (2) | 6,325 | 4,317 | 2,351
Other common costs (3) | 3,874 | 2,373 | 2,228
$ | 47,730 | $ | 46,803 | $ | 32,938 (1) | Contractor fees generally include expenses for preclinical studies and clinical trials. (2) | Supplies generally include costs for formulation and manufacturing activities. (3) | Other generally includes the allocation of common costs such as facilities. Our technology has been applied across certain of our portfolio of drug candidates. Data, know-how, personnel, clinical results, research results and other matters related to the research and development of any one of
our drug candidates also relate to, and further the development of, our other drug candidates. For example, we expect that results of non-clinical studies, such as pharmacokinetics, toxicology and other studies, regarding certain components of our
drug candidate Remoxy to be applicable to the other potential drug candidates that may arise out of our collaboration with King since all such potential drug candidates are expected to utilize such components. As a result, costs allocated to a
specific drug candidate may not necessarily reflect the actual costs surrounding research and development of that drug candidate due to cross application of the foregoing. In November 2006, we announced that we are developing a novel antibody
technology that may transform how metastatic melanoma is treated. We spent approximately $3.2 million and $3.0 million on this technology, primarily in contractor fees and supplies, during 2007 and 2006, respectively. In March 2007, we announced
that we licensed certain technology and are developing this technology for hemophilia and pain management. We spent approximately $1.0 million, primarily in contractor fees and supplies during 2007 on this technology. Estimating the dates of completion of clinical development, and the costs to complete development, of our drug candidates would be highly speculative,
subjective and potentially misleading. Pharmaceutical products take a significant amount of time to research, develop and commercialize. The clinical trial portion of the development of a new drug alone usually spans several years. We expect to
reassess our future research and development plans based on our review of data we receive from our current research and development activities. The cost and pace of our future research and development activities are linked and subject to change. 30 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues, expenses and interest income in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those estimates related to contract agreements, research collaborations and investments.
We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The following items in our financial statements require significant estimates and judgments: • | Expenses for clinical trials. Expenses for clinical trials are incurred from planning through patient enrollment to reporting of the underlying data. We estimate expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on patient enrollment and based on clinical data collection and management. Costs that are associated with patient enrollment are recognized as each patient in the clinical trial completes enrollment. Estimated clinical trial costs related to enrollment can vary based on numerous factors, including expected number of patients in trials, the number of patients that do not complete participation in a trial, and when a patient drops out of a trial. Information about patient enrollment can become available significantly after we report our expenses for clinical trials, in which case we would change our estimate of the remaining cost of a trial. Costs that are based on clinical data collection and management are recognized based on estimates of unbilled goods and services received. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial, we would accrue an amount based on estimates of the remaining non-cancelable obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial. • | Stock-based compensation . The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment , or SFAS 123R, requires companies to recognize expense in the income statement for the fair value of all share-based payments to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options. We adopted SFAS 123R on January 1, 2006 using the modified-prospective transition method. We record compensation expense for all awards granted after
the date of adoption and for the unvested portion of previously granted awards that remain outstanding at the date of adoption. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 includes
compensation cost for all outstanding stock-based awards. Prior to January 1, 2006, we used the intrinsic-value method of accounting for stock-based awards granted to employees and directors in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and its interpretations. Accordingly, we did not recognize compensation cost in our financial statements prior to January 1, 2006 for these awards because stock options granted to employees and
directors had exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair value of the underlying security at the time the stock option was granted. In adopting SFAS 123R, companies must choose among alternative valuation models and amortization approaches. After assessing alternative valuation models and amortization approaches, we continue to use the Black-Scholes option valuation
model, or Black-Scholes and use the single-option award approach and straight-line attribution method for stock options granted since January 1, 2006. Using this approach, the compensation cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period of each respective stock option, generally four years. Prior to adoption of SFAS 123R, we calculated the value of options
granted to employees and directors for disclosure in the footnotes to our financial statements pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, or SFAS 123, using Black-Scholes, the multiple-option award approach and the
accelerated attribution method. This approach uses a graded vesting method over the vesting period of each respective stock option, generally four years. The accelerated attribution method results in recognizing as compensation cost more than 50% of
the fair value of an option in year one, with the 31 Table of Contents remainder recognized in decreasing amounts from year two to year four. Under the modified prospective transition method of SFAS 123R, we will continue to
calculate compensation cost for options granted prior to January 1, 2006 using the multiple-option award approach and accelerated attribution method. We estimate forfeitures when recognizing expense under SFAS 123R and adjust this estimate periodically based on the extent to which future actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates.
Accordingly, we have estimated forfeiture percentages for the unvested portion of previously granted awards that remain outstanding at the date of adoption and for awards granted subsequent to the date of adoption. • | Revenue recognition and deferred program fee revenue. In connection with our strategic alliance with King we recognize program fee revenue, collaboration revenue and milestone revenue. Program fee revenue is derived from the upfront payment from King received in December 2005 and is recognized ratably over our estimate of the development period of four drug candidates expected to be developed under the strategic alliance with King. Of those drug candidates, Remoxy has completed a Phase III clinical trial, one drug candidate is in Phase I clinical trials and two potential drug candidates are at the pre-clinical stage. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. We review the estimated development period on a quarterly basis and change it if appropriate based upon our latest expectations. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2007 we determined that the development period should be extended from the third quarter of 2011 based upon recent clinical developments and updated communications with King regarding product development plans. Collaboration revenues from reimbursement of development expenses are generally recognized as costs are incurred pursuant to the strategic alliance with King; however, when we have knowledge that King has not completed its review of the collaboration expenses invoiced to them, we defer recognition of such amounts as revenue until their review is complete. King is obligated to pay us milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain substantive events in the clinical development of Remoxy and the other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. We recognize milestone payments from King as revenue when we achieve the underlying developmental milestone as the milestone payments are not dependent upon any other future activities or achievement of any other future milestones and the achievement of each of the developmental milestones were substantively at risk and contingent at the effective date of the collaboration. Substantial effort is involved in achieving each of the developmental milestones. These milestones represent the culmination of discrete earnings processes and the amount of each milestone payment is reasonable in relation with the level of effort associated with the achievement of the milestone. Each milestone payment is non-refundable and non-creditable when made. The ongoing research and development services being provided to King under the collaboration are priced at fair value based upon the reimbursement of expenses incurred pursuant to the collaboration with King. • | Taxes. We make estimates and judgments in determining our provision for income taxes. We have accumulated significant deferred tax assets. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any. We are uncertain of the timing and amount of any future earnings. Accordingly, except for $0.5 million of deferred tax assets included in other assets as of December 31, 2007, we offset the net deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. The non-current tax liability included in other liabilities of $0.6 million recorded at December 31, 2007 provides a source of future taxable income against which the non-current deferred tax asset of $0.5 million was recognized without offset by a valuation allowance. We may in the future determine that more of our deferred tax assets will likely be realized, in which case we will reduce our valuation allowance in the quarter in which such determination is made. If the valuation allowance is reduced, we may recognize a benefit from income taxes in our statement of operations in that period. 32 Table of Contents Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Revenue—Program fee revenue King paid us a $150.0 million upfront fee in connection with the closing of our strategic alliance with King in December 2005. Revenues recognized from
amortization of this upfront fee were $23.2 million and $26.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The decrease of $3.0 million in 2007 is due to the extension of the development period over which we recognize
the program fee revenue in the fourth quarter of 2007 based upon recent clinical developments and communications with King regarding product development plans. We expect to recognize the rest of the program fee ratably over our estimate of the
remainder of the development period under the strategic alliance with King. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. Revenue—Collaboration revenue Collaboration
revenues were $42.7 million and $22.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. These revenues related to reimbursement of our development expenses incurred pursuant to the King strategic alliance. The increase of
$20.0 million in 2007 was primarily because in 2006 we deferred recognition of approximately $10.4 million in costs incurred by us between September and December 2006 that were subject to completion of King’s review. King reviewed and paid for
these expenses in 2007. We incurred expenses of $3.8 million in 2007 for which we expect King to complete their review and reimbursement us in 2008. We expect the amount and timing of collaboration revenue to fluctuate in relation to the amount and timing of the underlying research and development expenses, as well as the timing of completion of King’s review
of submitted expenses. Revenue—Milestone revenue We did not have any milestone revenue in the year ended December 31, 2007. Milestone revenue was $5.0 million for the year end December 31, 2006. In connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the
investigational new drug application for PTI-202, King made a milestone payment to us of $5.0 million. We expect to file a NDA for Remoxy in the first half of 2008. When the NDA for Remoxy is accepted by the FDA, King will be obligated to pay us a
milestone payment of $15.0 million. When the NDA for Remoxy is approved by the FDA, King will be obligated to pay us another milestone payment of $15.0 million. Research and Development Expense Research and development expense consists primarily of costs of drug development work
associated with our drug candidates, including: • | preclinical testing, • | clinical trials, • | clinical supplies and related formulation and design costs, and • | salaries and other personnel-related expenses. Research and development expense increased to $47.7 million from $46.8 million in the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in clinical and development
activities for Remoxy, metastatic melanoma and hemophilia. Research and development expenses included non-cash stock related compensation costs of $3.7 million and $3.8 million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. 33 Table of Contents We expect research and development expenses to fluctuate over the next several years as we continue our
development efforts. We expect our development efforts to result in our drug candidates progressing through various stages of clinical trials, including current and potential clinical trials for our other abuse-resistant drug candidates, as well as
further clinical development of Oxytrex and our product candidates in metastatic melanoma and hemophilia. King is obligated to reimburse development expenses for our abuse-resistant drug candidates pursuant to our collaboration. Our research and
development expenses may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and scope of our development activities and the results of clinical trials and preclinical studies. General and Administrative Expense General and administrative expenses consist primarily of
compensation and other general corporate expenses. General and administrative expenses increased to $8.1 million from $7.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in
non-cash stock-related compensation costs associated with the adoption of SFAS 123R. General and administrative expenses included non-cash stock related compensation costs of $2.6 million and $2.7 million in the twelve months ended December 31,
2007 and 2006, respectively. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase over the next several years in connection with support of precommercialization and commercialization activities for our drug candidates. The increase may
fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and scope of these activities and the results of clinical trials and preclinical studies. Interest
and Other Income, Net Interest and other income net, increased to $10.1 million from $9.7 million for the years ended December 31,
2007 and 2006, respectively, primarily due to increases in average balances of marketable securities and, to a lesser extent, increases in prevailing interest rates on investments in marketable securities. We expect our interest income to decrease
in the future as we use cash to fund our operations. Provision for Income Taxes We did not provide for income taxes in 2007 because we did not have taxable income in 2007, primarily due to all of our program fee revenue having been
recognized for tax purposes in prior years. In 2005, King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us in connection with our
strategic alliance. We had taxable income for 2006 primarily due to the recognition in 2006 of $146.3 million of the upfront cash payment for income tax purposes. We reduced our taxable income for 2006 with deductions related to a combination of our
net operating losses and tax credits from prior years. Years Ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 Revenue—Program fee revenue King paid us a
$150.0 million upfront fee in connection with the closing of our strategic alliance with King in December 2005. Revenues recognized from amortization of this upfront fee were $26.2 and $3.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. Revenue—Collaboration revenue Collaboration revenues were $22.7 million and $1.4 million in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. These revenues related to reimbursement of our development expenses incurred pursuant to the
King strategic alliance that commenced in the fourth quarter of 2005. 34 Table of Contents Revenue—Milestone revenue Milestone revenue was $5.0 million for the year end December 31, 2006. In connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the IND for PTI-202, King made a milestone payment to us of $5.0 million. We had no
corresponding milestone revenue in 2005. Research and Development Expense Research and development expense consists primarily of costs of drug development work associated with our drug candidates, including: • | preclinical testing, • | clinical trials, • | clinical supplies and related formulation and design costs, and • | salaries and other personnel-related expenses. Research and development expense increased to $46.8 million from $32.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in clinical and development
activities for Remoxy and PTI-202 and non-cash stock-related compensation costs of $3.8 million associated with the adoption of SFAS 123R. General and
Administrative Expense General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and other general corporate expenses.
General and administrative expenses increased to $7.7 million from $4.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in non-cash stock-related compensation costs of $2.7
million associated with the adoption of SFAS 123R. Interest and Other Income Interest and other income increased to $9.7 million from $2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, primarily due to
increases in average balances of marketable securities and, to a lesser extent, increases in prevailing interest rates on investments in marketable securities. Provision for Income Taxes In 2005, King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us in connection with our
strategic alliance. We had taxable income for 2006 primarily due to the recognition in 2006 of $146.3 million of the upfront cash payment for income tax purposes. We have reduced our taxable income for 2006 with deductions related to a combination
of our net operating losses and tax credits from prior years. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private stock offerings, payments received under our strategic alliance with
King, and interest earned on our investments. We intend to continue to use our capital resources to fund research and development activities, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. As of
December 31, 2007, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $205.1 million. Net cash provided by operating activities
was $2.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2007 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. The change was primarily due to the increase in our net income. In 2007, King
completed its review and paid for approximately $10.4 million of our expenses from 2006 related to development of our abuse-resistant drug candidates under our strategic alliance. 35 Table of Contents Net cash provided by investing activities was $69.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2007 and
net cash used was $69.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. Investing activities for both years consisted primarily of the purchase and sale of marketable securities. Our investing activities to purchase property, equipment and
leasehold improvements used cash of $0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. We expect to continue to invest in our infrastructure to support our operations. Net cash used in financing activities was $1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of
$1.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2006. The decrease was primarily due to the purchase of treasury stock in 2007. In March, 2007, we announced a stock buyback plan for the repurchase of up to $20 million of our common stock. As of
December 31, 2007 we had purchased $3.8 million of our common stock on the open market. The total number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on several factors, including the market price of our common stock,
general market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements and alternate investment opportunities. We intend to hold repurchased shares in treasury. This stock buyback program expires March 2008 and may be discontinued at any time. Other
financing activities for both of these periods consisted primarily of proceeds received from the issuance of our common stock. We have
$49.6 million of total deferred tax assets at December 31, 2007. Realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent on future earnings, if any. We are uncertain about the timing and amount of any future earnings. We have concluded that it is more
likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, except for $0.5 million of deferred tax assets included in other assets as of December 31, 2007, we offset the deferred tax asset with a valuation allowance. There is a
high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with our FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,” or Interpretation 48 liabilities. Our net Interpretation 48 liability at
December 31, 2007 does not result in a material contractual obligation. We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of general
office space pursuant to non-cancelable operating leases that will expire in 2010 and 2012. Future minimum lease payments for our leases are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in thousands): 2008 | 2009 | 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | Total
Future minimum lease payments | $ | 717 | $ | 743 | $ | 713 | $ | 570 | $ | 339 | $ | 3,082 We believe that our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs. We have license agreements that require us to make milestone payments upon the successful achievement of milestones, including clinical milestones. Our
license agreements also require us to pay certain royalties to our licensors if we succeed in fully commercializing products under these license agreements. All of these potential future payments are cancelable as of December 31, 2007. Our
formulation agreement with Durect Corporation obligates us to make certain milestone payments upon achieving clinical milestones and regulatory milestones. King is obligated to reimburse us for any of our milestone payments and royalty payments to
Durect Corporation. We have an accumulated deficit of $118.1 million at December 31, 2007. We expect our cash requirements to be
significant in the future. The amount and timing of our future cash requirements will depend on regulatory and market acceptance of our drug candidates and the resources we devote to researching and developing, formulating, manufacturing,
commercializing and supporting our products. We believe that our current resources should be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We may seek additional future funding through public or private financing within this
timeframe, if such funding is available and on terms acceptable to us. 36 Table of Contents Off-balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2007, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to
as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading
activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. Therefore, we are not materially exposed to financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. We do not have relationships or transactions with
persons or entities that derive benefits from their non-independent relationship with us or our related parties. Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The primary objective of our cash investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. Some of the
securities that we invest in may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest
rate at the then-prevailing rate and the interest rate later rises, the principal amount of our investment will probably decline. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in interest rates reduces the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at
December 31, 2007 by approximately $0.6 million. To minimize this risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities in a variety of securities, including commercial paper, government and
non-government debt securities and/or money market funds that invest in such securities. We have no holdings of derivative financial or commodity instruments. As of December 31, 2007, our investments consisted of investments in corporate and
government notes and obligations or in money market accounts and checking funds with variable market rates of interest. We believe our credit risk is immaterial. 37 Table of Contents Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | 39
Balance Sheets | 40
Statements of Operations | 41
Statement of Stockholders’ Equity | 42
Statements of Cash Flows | 43
Notes to Financial Statements | 44 38 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and
Stockholders Pain Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. at December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, in 2006, Pain Therapeutics, Inc. changed its method of accounting for stock-based
compensation in accordance with guidance provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), “Share-Based Payment.” As discussed in Notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements, in 2007, Pain Therapeutics, Inc. changed its
methods of accounting for uncertainty in income taxes and sabbatical leave in accordance with guidance provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB
Statement No. 109” and Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 06-2, “Accounting for Sabbatical Leave and Other Similar Benefits Pursuant to FASB Statement No. 43.” We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Pain Therapeutics, Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February
8, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP Palo Alto, California February 8, 2008 39 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands except share and per share data) December 31,
2007 | 2006
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 86,567 | $ | 16,386
Marketable securities | 118,504 | 188,014
Other current assets | 303 | 2,714
Total current assets | 205,374 | 207,114
Property and equipment, net | 1,607 | 1,267
Other assets | 644 | 75
Total assets | $ | 207,625 | $ | 208,456
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 3,624 | $ | 985
Accrued development expense | 817 | 5,777
Deferred program fee revenue—current portion | 14,348 | 26,200
Income taxes payable | — | 2,779
Other accrued liabilities | 1,868 | 913
Total current liabilities | 20,657 | 36,654
Non-current liabilities
Deferred program fee revenue—non-current portion | 82,501 | 93,887
Other liabilities | 553 | —
Total liabilities | 103,711 | 130,541
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity
Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $.001 par value; 120,000,000 shares authorized; 44,305,103 and 44,314,003 shares issued and outstanding in 2007 and 2006, respectively | 44 | 44
Additional paid-in-capital | 221,415 | 214,749
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) | 584 | (372 | )
Accumulated deficit | (118,129 | ) | (136,506 | )
Total stockholders’ equity | 103,914 | 77,915
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity | $ | 207,625 | $ | 208,456 See accompanying notes
to financial statements. 40 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands except per share data) Years ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Revenue
Collaboration revenue | $ | 42,746 | $ | 22,717 | $ | 1,368
Program fee revenue | 23,238 | 26,201 | 3,712
Milestone revenue | — | 5,000 | —
Total revenue | 65,984 | 53,918 | 5,080
Operating expenses
Research and development | 47,730 | 46,803 | 32,938
General and administrative | 8,085 | 7,668 | 4,859
Total operating expenses | 55,815 | 54,471 | 37,797
Operating income (loss) | 10,169 | (553 | ) | (32,717 | )
Interest and other income, net | 10,136 | 9,668 | 2,047
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes | 20,305 | 9,115 | (30,670 | )
Provision for income taxes | — | 2,927 | —
Net income (loss) | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | )
Net income (loss) per share
Basic | $ | 0.46 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | )
Diluted | $ | 0.44 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | )
Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share
Basic | 44,150 | 44,146 | 43,795
Diluted | 45,676 | 45,475 | 43,795 See accompanying notes
to financial statements. 41 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in thousands except share data) Common stock | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) | Accumulated deficit | Total Stockholders’ equity
Shares | Par value
Balance at December 31, 2004 | 43,652,116 | $ | 44 | $ | 205,920 | $ | (544 | ) | $ | (112,024 | ) | $ | 93,396
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 148,136 | — | 159 | — | — | 159
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of warrants | 60,450 | — | 6 | — | — | 6
Expenses pursuant to filing registration statements | — | — | (116 | ) | — | — | (116 | )
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | 248 | — | — | 248
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 75,386 | — | 272 | — | — | 272
Net unrealized gains on investment in marketable securities | — | — | — | 65 | — | 65
Net loss | — | — | — | — | (30,670 | ) | (30,670 | )
Comprehensive loss | (30,605 | )
Balance at December 31, 2005 | 43,936,088 | 44 | 206,489 | (479 | ) | (142,694 | ) | 63,360
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 304,180 | — | 1,312 | — | — | 1,312
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 73,735 | — | 330 | — | — | 330
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | 242 | — | — | 242
Compensation with respect to employee option grants | — | — | 6,228 | — | — | 6,228
Tax benefits and excess tax benefits from the exercise of options | — | — | 148 | — | — | 148
Net unrealized gains on investment in marketable securities | — | — | — | 107 | — | 107
Net income | — | — | — | — | 6,188 | 6,188
Comprehensive income | 6,295
Balance at December 31, 2006 | 44,314,003 | 44 | 214,749 | (372 | ) | (136,506 | ) | 77,915
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 400,442 | — | 2,284 | — | — | 2,284
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 71,358 | — | 368 | — | — | 368
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | 437 | — | — | 437
Compensation with respect to employee option grants | — | — | 5,857 | — | — | 5,857
Accrued sabbatical benefits | — | — | — | — | (415 | ) | (415 | )
Purchase of stock pursuant to the stock repurchase plan | (480,700 | ) | — | (2,280 | ) | — | (1,513 | ) | (3,793 | )
Net unrealized gains on investment in marketable securities | — | — | — | 956 | — | 956
Net income | — | — | — | — | 20,305 | 20,305
Comprehensive income | 21,261
Balance at December 31, 2007 | 44,305,103 | $ | 44 | $ | 221,415 | $ | 584 | $ | (118,129 | ) | $ | 103,914 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 42 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Years ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities:
Net income (loss) | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Non-cash stock based compensation | 6,294 | 6,470 | 248
Depreciation and amortization | 356 | 345 | 368
Non-cash net interest income | 679 | (1,858 | ) | (100 | )
Loss on disposal of property and equipment | — | 38 | —
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Deferred program fee revenue | (23,238 | ) | (26,201 | ) | 146,288
Other current assets | 2,411 | (1,202 | ) | (1,253 | )
Other assets | (86 | ) | — | —
Accounts payable | 2,639 | (13 | ) | 121
Accrued development expense | (4,960 | ) | 1,316 | (1,897 | )
Income taxes payable | (2,779 | ) | 2,779 | —
Tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | — | 148 | —
Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | — | (62 | ) | —
Other accrued liabilities | 610 | 225 | 127
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | 2,231 | (11,827 | ) | 113,232
Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities:
Purchase of property and equipment | (696 | ) | (94 | ) | (463 | )
Purchase of marketable securities | (138,394 | ) | (136,119 | ) | (93,591 | )
Sales of marketable securities | 199,681 | 27,261 | 74,773
Maturities of marketable securities | 8,500 | 39,810 | —
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | 69,091 | (69,142 | ) | (19,281 | )
Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities:
Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | — | 62 | —
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net | 2,652 | 1,642 | 321
Purchase of stock pursuant to the stock repurchase plan | (3,793 | ) | — | —
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | (1,141 | ) | 1,704 | 321
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents | 70,181 | (79,265 | ) | 94,272
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period | 16,386 | 95,651 | 1,379
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period | $ | 86,567 | $ | 16,386 | $ | 95,651
Supplemental cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | 2,800 | $ | — | $ | — See accompanying notes
to financial statements. 43 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business Pain Therapeutics, Inc. is a
biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. We have four drug candidates in clinical programs, including Remoxy, Oxytrex, PTI-202 and a novel radio-labeled monoclonal antibody to treat metastatic melanoma. We are also working on a new
treatment for patients with hemophilia. Although we were profitable in 2006 and 2007 based on payments from King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or
King, and interest income, in the course of our development activities, we have sustained cumulative operating losses. There are no assurances that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition and Deferred Program Fee Revenue Revenue is recognized when there is
persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. In November 2005, we and King announced a strategic alliance to develop and commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. In connection with the strategic alliance, we recognize program fee revenue, collaboration
revenue and milestone revenue. Program fee revenue is derived from the upfront payment from King and is recognized ratably over our estimate of the development period of four drug candidates expected to be developed under the strategic alliance with
King. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. We review the estimated development period on a quarterly basis and change it if appropriate based upon our latest
expectations. In the fourth quarter of 2007 we determined that the development period should be extended from the third quarter of 2011 based upon recent clinical developments and communications to us from King regarding King’s development
plans and forecast expenditures. Deferred program fee revenue represents the amount of the upfront payment that has not been recognized as revenue to date. Collaboration revenues from reimbursement of development expenses are generally recognized as costs are incurred pursuant to the strategic alliance with King; however, when we have knowledge that King has not
completed its review of the collaboration expenses invoiced to them, we defer recognition of such amounts as revenue until their review is complete. King is obligated to pay us milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain substantive events in the clinical development of Remoxy and the other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic
alliance. We recognize milestone payments from King as revenue when we achieve the underlying developmental milestone as the milestone payments are not dependent upon any other future activities or achievement of any other future milestones and the
achievement of each of the developmental milestones were substantively at risk and contingent at the effective date of the collaboration. Substantial effort is involved in achieving each of the developmental milestones. These milestones represent
the culmination of discrete earnings processes and the amount of each milestone payment is reasonable in relation with the level of effort associated with the achievement of the milestone. Each milestone payment is non-refundable and non-creditable
when made. The ongoing research and development services being provided to King under the collaboration are priced at fair value based upon the reimbursement of expenses incurred pursuant to the collaboration with King. 44 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Credit Risk We consider all highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
consist of cash maintained at two financial institutions and in money market funds. We believe the financial risks associated with these instruments are minimal. We have not experienced material losses from our investments in these securities. Marketable Securities Our
marketable securities are held as “available-for-sale” pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, “Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.” We classify these investments as
current assets and carry them at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded as a separate component of stockholders’ equity as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We recognize all realized gains and losses on our
available-for-sale securities in income before provision for income taxes. Our marketable securities are maintained at one financial institution and are governed by our investment policy as approved by our Board of Directors. Property and Equipment Property and equipment
are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (generally two to five years). Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the assets or the lease term. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We regularly perform reviews to determine if the carrying value of our long-lived assets is impaired. We consider facts or circumstances, either internal,
or external that indicate that we may not recover the carrying value of the asset. No events or changes in circumstances have occurred with respect to our long-lived assets that would indicate that an impairment analysis should have been performed. Business Segments Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, requires an enterprise to report segment information based on how management internally evaluates the operating performance of
its business units (segments). Our operations are confined to one business segment: the development of novel drugs. Expenses for Clinical Trials Research and development expense includes the cost of clinical trials. Expenses for clinical trials are incurred from planning
through patient enrollment to reporting of the underlying data. We estimate expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on patient enrollment and based on clinical data collection and management. Costs that are associated with
patient enrollment are recognized as each patient in the clinical trial completes enrollment. Estimated clinical trial costs related to enrollment can vary based on numerous factors, including expected number of patients in trials, the number of
patients that do not complete participation in a trial, and when a patient drops out of a trial. Information about patient enrollment can become available significantly after we report our expenses for clinical trials, in which case we would change
our estimate of the remaining cost of a trial. Costs that are based on clinical data collection and management are recognized based on estimates of unbilled goods and services received. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial, we would
accrue an amount based on estimates of the remaining non-cancelable obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial. 45 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Stock Based Compensation The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment , or SFAS 123R, requires companies to recognize expense in the income statement for the fair value
all share-based payments to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options. We adopted SFAS 123R on January 1,
2006 using the modified prospective transition method. We record compensation expense for all awards granted after the date of adoption and for the unvested portion of previously granted awards that remain outstanding at the date of adoption.
Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense recognized in the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 includes compensation cost for all outstanding stock-based awards. Prior to January 1, 2006, we used the intrinsic-value method of
accounting for stock-based awards granted to employees and directors in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees , or APB 25, and its interpretations. Accordingly, we did not recognize compensation cost
in our financial statements prior to January 1, 2006 for these awards because stock options granted to employees and directors had exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair value of the underlying security at the time the stock option
was granted. In adopting SFAS 123R, companies must choose among alternative valuation models and amortization approaches. After assessing
alternative valuation models and amortization approaches, we continue to use the Black-Scholes option valuation model, or Black-Scholes and use the single-option award approach and straight-line attribution method for stock options granted since
January 1, 2006. Using this approach, the compensation cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of each respective stock option, generally four years. Prior to adoption of SFAS 123R, we calculated the value of options granted to employees and directors for disclosure in the footnotes to our financial
statements pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, or SFAS 123, using Black-Scholes, the multiple-option award approach and the accelerated attribution method. This approach uses a graded vesting method over the vesting
period of each respective stock option, generally four years. The accelerated attribution method results in recognizing as compensation cost more than 50% of the fair value of an option in year one, with the remainder recognized in decreasing
amounts from year two to year four. Under the modified prospective transition method of SFAS 123R, we will continue to calculate compensation cost for options granted prior to January 1, 2006 using the multiple-option award approach and
accelerated attribution method. We estimate forfeitures when recognizing expense under SFAS 123R and adjust this estimate periodically
based on the extent to which future actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Accordingly, we have estimated forfeiture percentages for the unvested portion of previously granted awards that remain outstanding at the
date of adoption and for awards granted subsequent to the date of adoption. Net Income (Loss) per Share Basic net income (loss) per share is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the reporting period. Diluted
net income (loss) per share is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus dilutive potential common shares outstanding using the treasury-stock method. Potential dilutive common shares consist of
outstanding stock options and warrants. 46 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The numerators and denominators in the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share
were as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Numerators:
Net income (loss) | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | )
Denominator
Weighted average shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share | 44,150 | 44,146 | 43,795
Effect of dilutive securities:
Dilution from employee stock plans | 1,393 | 1,196 | —
Dilution from warrants | 133 | 133 | —
Potential dilutive common shares | 1,526 | 1,329 | —
Weighted average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share | 45,676 | 45,475 | 43,795
Net income (loss) per share:
Basic | $ | 0.46 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | )
Diluted | $ | 0.44 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | ) In 2007 and 2006, 3.2 million and 2.2 million shares were excluded from diluted net
income (loss) per share, respectively as the effect would be anti-dilutive. In 2005, we reported a loss and therefore all potential common shares related to potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per
share because they are anti-dilutive. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income (loss) and unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities as follows (in
thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Net income (loss) | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | )
Other comprehensive income | 956 | 107 | 65
Comprehensive income (loss) | $ | 21,261 | $ | 6,295 | $ | (30,605 | ) Income Taxes We make estimates and judgments in determining our provision for income taxes. We have accumulated significant deferred tax assets. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit
carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings. We are
uncertain of the timing and amount of any future earnings. Accordingly, except for $0.5 million of deferred tax assets included in other assets as of December 31, 2007, we offset the net deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. The
non-current tax liability in other liabilities of $0.6 million recorded at December 31, 2007 provides a source of future taxable income against which the non-current deferred tax asset of $0.5 million was recognized without offset by a valuation
allowance. We may in the future determine that 47 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) more of our deferred tax assets will likely be realized, in which case we will reduce our valuation allowance in the quarter in which such determination is
made. If the valuation allowance is reduced, we may recognize a benefit from income taxes in our statement of operations in that period. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements.” SFAS No. 157 provides a framework for measuring fair value, clarifies the definition of fair value, and expands disclosures regarding fair value
measurements. SFAS No. 157 does not require any new fair value measurements and eliminates inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements. We are required to adopt SFAS No. 157 for our fiscal year
beginning January 1, 2008. We are currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 157 will have on our results of operations and financial condition, but do not expect it to have a material impact. In February 2007, FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities—Including an Amendment
of FASB Statement No. 115.” SFAS No. 159 allows measurement at fair value of eligible financial assets and liabilities that are not otherwise measured at fair value. If the fair value option for an eligible item is elected,
unrealized gains and losses for that item shall be reported in current earnings at each subsequent reporting date. SFAS No. 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between entities
that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities. This statement is effective for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2008. We are currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the adoption of
SFAS No. 159 will have on our results of operations and financial condition, but do not expect it to have a material impact. 3. Collaboration
Agreements King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. In November 2005, we and King announced a strategic alliance to develop and commercialize Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us at the closing
of this strategic alliance in December 2005, of which $23.2 million, $26.2 million and $3.7 million were recorded as program fee revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and 2005, respectively. The strategic alliance provides for
us to receive from King up to $150.0 million in milestone payments in the course of clinical development of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers, of which we received $5.0 million in milestone revenue in the year ended
December 31, 2006. In addition, subject to certain limitations, King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement, of which $42.7 million, $22.7 million and $1.4 million was recorded as
collaboration revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs developed in connection with the
strategic alliance. King is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales of drugs developed in connection with the strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in net sales of such drugs, for which the royalty is set at 15%. Durect Corporation We have an exclusive,
worldwide licensing agreement with Durect Corporation to use a patented technology that forms the basis for a number of oral gel-cap drug candidates, including Remoxy. We have sub-licensed to King certain rights to develop and to commercialize
Remoxy and certain other opioid drugs formulated in part with technology we licensed from Durect. Under the agreement with Durect, we control all of the preclinical, clinical, commercial manufacturing and sales/marketing activities for Remoxy and
other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. We reimburse Durect for formulation and related work, and will make milestone payments based on 48 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) the achievement of certain technical, clinical or regulatory milestones. Durect will supply us with certain components of Remoxy and other abuse-resistant
opioid painkillers on a cost-plus basis. We also are responsible to pay Durect royalties on any related drug sales. King is obligated to reimburse us for costs we incur under the agreement with Durect, including royalties. 4. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held as available-for-sale consisted of the following (in thousands): Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Amortized Cost | Accrued Interest | Unrealized Gains | Unrealized Losses on Marketable Securities | Estimated Fair Value
December 31, 2007
Cash and cash equivalents:
Money market securities | $ | 86,344 | $ | 224 | $ | — | $ | (1 | ) | $ | 86,567
86,344 | 224 | — | (1 | ) | 86,567
Marketable securities available-for-sale:
U.S. government and agency obligations | 20,836 | 350 | 133 | — | 21,319
Corporate obligations | 47,760 | 749 | 294 | (12 | ) | 48,791
Asset-backed securities | 48,068 | 156 | 170 | — | 48,394
116,664 | 1,255 | 597 | (12 | ) | 118,504
$ | 203,008 | $ | 1,479 | $ | 597 | $ | (13 | ) | $ | 205,071
December 31, 2006
Cash and cash equivalents:
Money market securities | $ | 16,350 | $ | 34 | $ | 2 | $ | — | $ | 16,386
16,350 | 34 | 2 | — | 16,386
Marketable securities available-for-sale:
U.S. government and agency obligations | 54,563 | 554 | 13 | (90 | ) | 55,040
Corporate obligations | 71,213 | 932 | 2 | (295 | ) | 71,852
Mortgage/asset-backed securities | 60,960 | 166 | 82 | (86 | ) | 61,122
186,736 | 1,652 | 97 | (471 | ) | 188,014
$ | 203,086 | $ | 1,686 | $ | 99 | $ | (471 | ) | $ | 204,400 To date we have not recorded any impairment charges on marketable securities related to
other-than-temporary declines in market value. We would recognize an impairment charge when the decline in the estimated fair value of a marketable security below the amortized cost is determined to be other-than-temporary. We consider various
factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the duration of time and the severity to which the fair value has been less than our amortized cost, any adverse changes in the investees’ financial condition and our
intent and ability to hold the marketable security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. The gross realized losses and gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 were not material. 49 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The contractual maturities of our marketable securities at December 31, 2007, consisted of the
following (in thousands): Less than one year | $ | 72,175
Greater than one year and less than 2 years | 46,329
$ | 118,504 5. Property and Equipment Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2007 | 2006
Furniture and fixtures | $ | 1,182 | $ | 1,145
Computers and software | 94 | 94
Leasehold improvement | 2,546 | 1,887
3,822 | 3,126
Accumulated depreciation and amortization | (2,215 | ) | (1,859 | )
$ | 1,607 | $ | 1,267 Depreciation expense was $356,000, $345,000 and $368,000 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 6. Stockholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation Common Stock In 2005, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement, using a shelf
registration process, under which we may offer to sell any combination of securities described in the registration statement in one or more offerings, up to a total dollar amount of $150.0 million. We have not sold any securities under this
registration statement. We also have reserved 7,000,000 shares of common stock to be offered via prospectus in amounts, at prices and at
terms determined at the time of an offering and that may be sold directly by us to investors, through agents designated from time to time, or to or through underwriters or dealers, pursuant to a registration statement, under a shelf registration
process. Preferred Stock Our
Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of the series. In 2005, our Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan designed to guard against partial tender offers and other coercive tactics to gain
control of the Company without offering a fair and adequate price and terms to all of Pain Therapeutics’ stockholders. Pursuant to the stockholder rights plan, our Board of Directors declared and paid a dividend of one right to purchase one
one-thousandth share of the Company’s Series A Participating Preferred Stock for each outstanding share of our common stock. Each of these rights entitles the registered holder to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of Series A
Preferred at an exercise price of $40.00, subject to adjustment at any time. 50 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Stock-Based Compensation We recognized $6.3 million and $6.5 million in stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Given our current estimates of future forfeitures, we expect to recognize
the compensation cost related to non-vested options as of December 31, 2007 of $15.0 million over the weighted average remaining recognition period of 2.68 years. We did not retroactively apply SFAS 123R to periods prior to January 1, 2006. If we had recorded compensation expense for our stock-based plans in a manner consistent with the fair value approach of SFAS 123R,
our net loss and net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2005 would have been as follows (in thousands, except per share data): Year ended December 31, 2005
Net loss, as reported | $ | (30,670 | )
Deduct: Total stock based employee compensation expense determined under the fair value based method for all awards | (7,772 | )
Adjusted net loss | $ | (38,442 | )
Net loss per common share basic and diluted, as reported | $ | (0.70 | )
Adjusted net loss per common share basic and diluted | $ | (0.88 | ) 1998 Stock Plan Under the 1998 Stock Plan, our employees, directors and consultants may be granted options that allow for the purchase of shares of our common stock. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. Through
December 31, 2007 a total of 14,600,000 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the 1998 Stock Plan. The 1998 Stock Plan was established with a 10-year duration and terminates in 2008. Our Board of Directors or a designated Committee of the Board is responsible for administration of the 1998 Stock Plan and determines the terms and
conditions of each option granted, consistent with the terms of the plan. Incentive stock options may be granted under the 1998 Stock Plan at a price not less than 100% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant (not less than 110%
of the fair market value on the date of grant in the case of holders of more than 10% of our voting stock). Options granted under the 1998 Stock Plan generally expire ten years from the date of grant (five years for incentive stock options granted
to holders of more than 10% of our voting stock). Forfeited options become available for reissuance under the 1998 Stock Plan. The 1998
Stock Plan also provides for the automatic grant of options to purchase shares of common stock to outside directors. On the date of each annual stockholders’ meeting, each outside director is automatically granted an option to purchase 25,000
shares of common stock. The term of the option is ten years, the exercise price is 100% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant, and the option becomes exercisable as to 25% of the shares on the anniversary of its date of grant
provided the optionee continues to serve as a director on such dates. 51 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The following summarizes stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
2005: Number of Options | Weighted Average Exercise Price | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term | Aggregate Intrinsic Value
In years | In millions
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2004 | 5,334,734 | $ | 6.94
Granted | 1,880,300 | $ | 5.75
Excercised | (148,136 | ) | $ | 1.08
Forfeited | (73,406 | ) | $ | 7.90
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2005 | 6,993,492 | $ | 6.74
Granted | 1,617,200 | $ | 8.35
Excercised | (304,180 | ) | $ | 4.31
Forfeited | (93,527 | ) | $ | 8.56
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2006 | 8,212,985 | $ | 7.12
Granted | 2,263,400 | $ | 9.01
Excercised | (400,442 | ) | $ | 5.70
Forfeited | (78,197 | ) | $ | 8.06
Options outstanding as of Decmber 31, 2007 | 9,997,746 | $ | 7.60 | 6.93 | $ | 30.9
Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2007 | 9,552,465 | $ | 7.57 | 6.84 | $ | 29.8
Exercisable at December 31, 2007 | 6,025,749 | $ | 7.17 | 5.68 | $ | 21.5 The pre-tax intrinsic value of options exercised in 2007 was $2.0 million (calculated by
multiplying the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of 2007 and the exercise price of the options exercised by the number of shares purchased). Shares reserved for issuance and available for grant under the 1998 Stock
Plan were 1,488,436 as of December 31, 2007. The following summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2007: Options outstanding | Options exercisable
Range of exercise prices | Number of options | Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) | Weighted average exercise price | Number of vested options | Weighted average exercise price
$0.10—$ 6.25 | 1,776,338 | 6.62 | $ | 4.90 | 1,287,056 | $ | 4.75
6.31— 7.03 | 1,697,317 | 4.58 | 6.80 | 1,598,000 | 6.81
7.05— 7.78 | 2,054,067 | 6.2 | 7.47 | 1,733,679 | 7.46
8.00— 8.35 | 2,667,824 | 8.69 | 8.26 | 727,118 | 8.25
8.44— 10.53 | 1,647,200 | 8.11 | 9.60 | 524,896 | 9.10
10.53— 18.63 | 155,000 | 2.84 | 16.30 | 155,000 | 16.30
$0.10—$18.63 | 9,997,746 | 6.93 | $ | 7.60 | 6,025,749 | $ | 7.17 52 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Determining the Fair Value of Options We use Black-Scholes to estimate the fair value of options granted. Black-Scholes considers a number of factors, including the market price and volatility
of our common stock. We used the following forward-looking range of assumptions to value each stock option granted to employees and directors during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005: 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Volatility | 60% to 67% | 68% to 74% | 78% to 86%
Risk-free interest rates | 4% to 5% | 5% | 4%
Expected life of option | 5 years | 5 years | 5 years
Dividend yield | — | — | — Our volatility assumption is based on reviews of the historical volatility of our common stock.
Our risk-free interest rate assumption is based on yields of US treasury notes in effect at the date of grant. Our expected life of options granted assumption is based on actual historical option exercises. Our dividend yield assumption is based on
the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Using Black-Scholes and these factors, the weighted average fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors was
$5.16 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and $4.47 per share for the years ended December 31, 2005. In 2006 and 2007 we used an expected forfeiture rate of 5%. Our estimated expected forfeiture rate is based on historical
cancellations of options. We estimate the fair value of stock options granted to non-employees using forward-looking assumptions similar
to those used for stock options granted to employees and directors and appropriate for the terms underlying the stock options granted to non-employees. We re-measure the compensation expense for options granted to non-employees over the related
vesting period. The expense related to stock options granted to non-employees was approximately $0.4 million, $0.2 million, and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under the
2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the Purchase Plan, eligible employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of the employee’s compensation. The purchase price of the stock is generally 85% of the lower of the
fair market value of the common stock at the beginning of the offering period or at the end of the purchase period. A total of 500,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Purchase Plan. Shares reserved for issuance under
the Purchase Plan may be automatically increased each year by the amount equal to the lesser of (i) 500,000 shares, (ii) 1% of the initially outstanding shares of common stock on such date, or (iii) an amount determined by our Board
of Directors. We have issued 421,603 shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan through December 31, 2007, leaving 328,397 shares reserved for issuance. The weighted-average fair value of purchase rights granted was $6.62, $2.15, and $2.14 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, calculated using Black-Scholes with an expected life of 1 year in 2007, 1 year in 2006 and
2005 with no dividend yield. We assumed volatility was 34% in 2007, 55% in 2006, and 41% to 46% in 2005. We used risk free interest rates of 5% in 2007, 5% in 2006, and 3% to 4% in 2005. The expense related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan was
$0.1 million, $0.2 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 53 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Stock Repurchase Program In March 2007, we announced a plan to repurchase up to $20.0 million of our common stock. As of December 31, 2007 we had repurchased 0.5 million shares of common stock at a cost of $3.8 million on the open
market. The total number of shares to be repurchased and the timing of repurchases will be based on several factors, including the price of the common stock, general market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements and alternate investment
opportunities. We intend to hold repurchased shares in treasury. This plan expires in March 2008 and may be discontinued at any time. We
use the par value method of accounting for our stock repurchases. The excess of the cost of the shares acquired over the par value is allocated to additional paid-in capital based on the weighted average sales price per issued share with the
remainder charged to accumulated deficit. As a result, we decreased additional paid-in capital by $2.3 million and increased accumulated deficit by $1.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2007. Warrants As of December 31, 2007, we
have outstanding exercisable warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share. These warrants were issued in connection with corporate activities. The value of these warrants was immaterial. These warrants expire in 2010. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan In
December 2007, our Board of Directors approved the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2008 Equity Plan, to replace the 1998 Stock Plan when it expires in 2008. The 2008 Equity Plan is subject to stockholder approval. The terms and conditions of the 2008
Equity Plan are substantially equivalent to the 1998 Stock Plan, except that the 2008 Equity Plan does not include a provision for adding equity to that plan without stockholder approval. 7. Employee 401(k) Benefit Plan We have a
defined-contribution savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers substantially all employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the plan the first day of the month after hire and may contribute up to
the current statutory limits under Internal Revenue Service regulations. The 401(k) plan permits us to make additional matching contributions on behalf of all employees. Through December 31, 2007, we have not made any matching contributions. 8. Accounting for Sabbatical Leave On
June 28, 2006, FASB ratified the consensus reached by the Emerging Issues Task Force, or EITF, on EITF Issue No. 06-2, “Accounting for Sabbatical Leave and Other Similar Benefits Pursuant to FASB Statement No. 43, Accounting for
Compensated Absences,” or EITF 06-2. EITF 06-2 states that if all the other conditions of paragraph 6 of Statement No. 43 are met, compensation costs for certain sabbatical arrangements should be accrued over the requisite service period
as they do accumulate. Paragraph 6 of Statement No. 43 states that a liability should be accrued for employees’ compensation for future absences if all the following are met: (a) the employer’s obligation is attributable to employees’ services already rendered; (b) the obligation relates to rights that vest or accumulate; (c) payment of the compensation is probable; and (d) the amount can be reasonably estimated. 54 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) On January 1, 2007 we adopted EITF 06-2 and recorded a one-time charge of $0.4 million as a
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle to accumulated deficit. The expense for sabbatical leave was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2007. 9. Income Taxes We have not provided for income taxes for 2007. In 2005, King made an upfront cash
payment of $150.0 million to us in connection with our strategic alliance. We recognized as revenue for tax purposes $3.7 million and $146.3 million of the upfront cash payment in 2005 and 2006, respectively. We had taxable income for 2006 primarily
due to the recognition in 2006 of the $146.3 million of the upfront cash payment. We reduced our taxable income for 2006 with deductions related to a combination of our net operating losses and tax credits from prior years. While we continued to
recognize program fee revenue in our income statement for 2007 for the recognition of the upfront cash payment, this program fee revenue is excluded from our taxable income for 2007. This exclusion combined with other differences between our income
before income taxes and our taxable income results in no taxable income for 2007 and no related provision for income taxes for 2007. All of our net income (loss) is domestic. Uncertainty in Income Taxes We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
“Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,” or Interpretation 48, on January 1, 2007. As a result of the implementation of Interpretation 48, we adjusted the balance sheet as of January 1, 2007 by recording a non-current
liability of $0.8 million and a non-current deferred tax asset of $0.7 million. The non-current liability provides a source of future taxable income against which the non-current deferred tax asset of $0.7 million was recognized without offset by a
valuation allowance. As of the adoption date, we had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $3.5 million related primarily to tax
credits. A reconciliation of the unrecognized tax benefits recorded for 2007 follows (in thousands): Balance at January 1, 2007 | $ | 3,500
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year | 300
Additions (reductions) for tax positions of prior years | —
Reductions for tax positions of prior years | —
Settlements | —
Lapse of applicable statue of limitations | —
Balance at December 31, 2007 | $ | 3,800 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would benefit our effective tax
rate, is $67 thousand. Because of net operating loss and research credit carryforwards, substantially all of our tax years, from 1998 through 2007, remain open to U.S. federal and California state tax examinations. We classify interest and penalties recognized pursuant to Interpretation 48 as interest expense. There were no interest or penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits accrued at December 31, 2006. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2007. 55 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Provision for income taxes in 2006 Our provision for income taxes for 2006 was $2.9 million, of which $2.7 million was for federal taxes and $0.2 million was for state taxes. We do not have
any deferred components in our provision for income taxes. A reconciliation between our provision for income taxes and the amount computed by multiplying income before provision for income tax by the U.S. statutory tax rate for 2006 follows (in
thousands): December 31, 2006
Tax at U.S. statutory tax rate of 35% | $ | 3,190
State taxes | 188
Research credits | (481 | )
Equity-based compensation | 699
Change in valuation allowance | (679 | )
Other | 10
Provision for income taxes | $ | 2,927 Deferred tax assets and valuation allowance Deferred tax assets reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets are as follows (in thousands): December 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards | $ | 900 | $ | — | $ | 51,300
Deferred license fee revenue | 39,400 | 48,800 | —
Research & development credits | 3,700 | 3,100 | 7,200
Stock-related compensation | 4,000 | 2,500 | 800
Other | 1,600 | 2,900 | 2,400
Total deferred tax assets | 49,600 | 57,300 | 61,700
Valuation allowance | (49,100 | ) | (57,300 | ) | (61,700 | )
Net deferred tax assets | $ | 500 | $ | — | $ | — Except for deferred tax assets recognized pursuant to Interpretation 48, realization of deferred
tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. We have concluded that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, these deferred tax assets have
been offset by a valuation allowance. We will continue to assess the realizability of deferred tax assets based on actual and forecasted operating results. The net operating loss carryforwards from 2007 expire in 2027. Approximately $0.2 million of
the valuation allowance at December 31, 2007 and 2006 relates to the tax benefits associated with excess tax deductions resulting from stock option transactions. This amount will be credited to additional paid-in capital when realized in a reduction
to income taxes payable. The valuation allowance decreased by $8.2 million in 2007, decreased by $4.4 million in 2006 and increased by $11.8 million during 2005. 56 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) As of December 31, 2007, we had federal research and development tax credits of approximately
$6.6 million, which expire in the years 2018 through 2026 and state research and development tax credits of approximately $0.6 million. 10. Leases and
Commitments We conduct our product research and development programs through a combination of internal and collaborative programs that
include, among others, arrangements with universities, contract research organizations and clinical research sites. We have contractual arrangements with these organizations, however these contracts are cancelable on thirty days notice and our
obligations under these contracts are largely based on services performed. We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of office
space pursuant to non-cancelable operating leases that will expire in 2010 and 2012. Future minimum lease payments for our leases are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in thousands): 2008 | 2009 | 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | Total
Future minimum lease payments | $ | 717 | $ | 743 | $ | 713 | $ | 570 | $ | 339 | $ | 3,082 Rent expense was $501,000, $178,000, and $178,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2006, and 2005 respectively. 11. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) (in thousands except per share data) Quarters Ended
March 31 | June 30 | September 30 | December 31
2007
Total revenue | $ | 22,054 | $ | 14,065 | $ | 15,810 | $ | 14,055
Net income | $ | 12,636 | $ | 3,365 | $ | 3,173 | $ | 1,131
Basic income per share | $ | 0.28 | $ | 0.08 | $ | 0.07 | $ | 0.03
Diluted income per share | $ | 0.28 | $ | 0.07 | $ | 0.07 | $ | 0.02
2006
Total revenue | $ | 15,326 | $ | 13,746 | $ | 18,510 | $ | 6,336
Net income (loss) | $ | 877 | $ | 1,367 | $ | 9,656 | $ | (5,712 | )
Basic income (loss) per share | $ | 0.02 | $ | 0.03 | $ | 0.22 | $ | (0.13 | )
Diluted income (loss) per share | $ | 0.02 | $ | 0.03 | $ | 0.21 | $ | (0.13 | ) 57 Table of Contents Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our
management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on
this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. We have assessed the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. Our assessment was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) | pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) | provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and (3) | provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Based on using the COSO criteria, we believe our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006 was effective. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There was no change in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report of Ernst & Young LLP is included below. 58 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Pain Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited Pain Therapeutics, Inc.’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Pain Therapeutics, Inc.’s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s annual report on
internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Pain Therapeutics, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2007, based on the COSO criteria . We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the balance sheets of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2007 of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. and our report dated February 8 , 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP Palo Alto, California February 8, 2008 59 Table of Contents Item 9B. | Other Information None. PART III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information regarding our directors, executive officers and the audit committee of our board of directors is incorporated by reference from “Directors and Executive Officers” in our Proxy Statement for
our 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than ten
percent (10%) of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Executive officers,
directors and greater than ten percent (10%) stockholders are required by Commission regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We believe all of our executive officers and directors complied with all
applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer. We publicize the Code of Ethics through posting the policy on our website, http://www.paintrials.com. We will disclose on our website any waivers of, or amendments to, our Code of Ethics. Item 11. | Executive Compensation The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “Executive Compensation and Other Matters.” Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where
it appears under the heading “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.” The table required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans in incorporated by reference from Item 5 above. On March 29, 2007, we announced a plan to repurchase up to $20.0 million of our common stock. The total number of shares to be purchased and the
timing of purchases will be based on several factors, including the price of the common stock, general market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements and alternate investment opportunities. We purchased 480,700 shares at an average paid
price per share $7.89 pursuant to the repurchase plan in 2007, although we did not purchase any shares pursuant to the repurchase plan in the three months ended December 31, 2007. Approximately $16.2 million of common stock may yet be purchased
under the plan. We intend to hold repurchased shares in treasury. This plan expires in March 2008 and may be discontinued at any time. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.” 60 Table of Contents Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this Item is
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “ Principal Accountant Fees and Services.” PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) | Financial Statements (included in Part II of this report): Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets Statements of Operations Statement of
Stockholders’ Equity Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements (2) | Financial Statement Schedules: All financial
statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. (3) | Exhibits: Exhibit Number | Description of Document
3.1(1) | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2(1) | Amended and Restated Bylaws.
4.1(2) | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.2(3) | Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2005, between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, including the Certificate of Designation, the form of Rights Certificate and Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A, B and C, respectively.
10.1(4) | Form of Indemnification Agreement between Pain Therapeutics and each of its directors and officers.
10.2(4) | 1998 Stock Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.3(4) | 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.4(5) | Employment Agreement dated August 29, 2000, between Registrant and Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D.
10.5(5) | Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2001, between Registrant and Nadav Friedmann, M.D., Ph.D.
10.6(4) | Second Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement dated as of February 1, 2000 between Registrant and the holders of its series B and series C redeemable convertible preferred stock.
10.7(6) | Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2000 between Registrant and Goss-Jewett Company of Northern California.
10.8(7) | Collaboration Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.9(7) | License Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.10(7) | Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc. 61 Table of Contents Exhibit Number | Description of Document
10.11(7) | Amendment dated December 15, 2005 to Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.12(8) | Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2007, between Registrant and Oracle USA, Inc.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (see page 63).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2005. (2) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2005. (3) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2005. (4) | Incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1, registration number 333-32370, declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13, 2000. (5) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2001. (6) | Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2000. (7) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005. (8) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2007. (b) | Exhibits The exhibits listed under
Item 15(a)(3) hereof are filed as part of this Form 10-K other than Exhibit 32.1, which shall be deemed furnished. (c) | Financial Statement Schedules All financial
statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. 62 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. P AIN T HERAPEUTICS , I NC .
By: | /s/ R EMI B ARBIER
Remi Barbier
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Dated: February 12, 2008 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS
BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Remi Barbier and Peter S. Roddy, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all
capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each
of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/ S / R EMI B ARBIER Remi Barbier | President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) | February 12, 2008
/ S / P ETER S. R ODDY Peter S. Roddy | Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) | February 12, 2008
/ S / N ADAV F RIEDMANN , P H .D., M.D. Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | Chief Operating and Medical Officer and Director | February 12, 2008
/ S / P ATRICK S CANNON , M.D., P H .D. Patrick Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. | Director | February 12, 2008
/ S / R OBERT Z. G USSIN , P H .D. Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. | Director | February 12, 2008
/ S / M ICHAEL J. O’D ONNELL , E SQ . Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. | Director and Secretary | February 12, 2008
/ S / S ANFORD R. R OBERTSON Sanford R. Robertson | Director | February 12, 2008 63 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number | Description of Document
3.1(1) | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2(1) | Amended and Restated Bylaws.
4.1(2) | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.2(3) | Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2005, between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, including the Certificate of Designation, the form of Rights Certificate and Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A, B and C, respectively.
10.1(4) | Form of Indemnification Agreement between Pain Therapeutics and each of its directors and officers.
10.2(4) | 1998 Stock Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.3(4) | 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.4(5) | Employment Agreement dated August 29, 2000, between Registrant and Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D.
10.5(5) | Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2001, between Registrant and Nadav Friedmann, M.D., Ph.D.
10.6(4) | Second Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement dated as of February 1, 2000 between Registrant and the holders of its series B and series C redeemable convertible preferred stock.
10.7(6) | Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2000 between Registrant and Goss-Jewett Company of Northern California.
10.8(7) | Collaboration Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.9(7) | License Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.10(7) | Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.11(7) | Amendment dated December 15, 2005 to Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.12(8) | Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2007, between Registrant and oracle USA, Inc.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (see page 63).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2005. (2) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2005. (3) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2005. (4) | Incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1, registration number 333-32370, declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13, 2000. (5) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2001. (6) | Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2000. (7) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form-K for the period ending December 31, 2005. (8) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2007. 64